URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/875320/000091205701517350/0000912057-01-517350.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    
In evaluating its strategic direction during 2000, Vertex determined that
one of its near-term goals was to acquire complementary products, capabilities
and technologies that would enhance its drug discovery capabilities.

    
Throughout the year 2000, Aurora's board of directors and executive
management team had numerous discussions regarding potential strategic
transactions that would enable Aurora to accelerate Aurora's comprehensive drug
discovery initiatives and create new and enhanced partnership opportunities.

During this time period, Aurora's executive management team reviewed available
information regarding the business and technology of other companies that would
complement and enhance those of Aurora.
As a result of these discussions,
Aurora's executive management team decided to explore entering into discussions
with companies that presented the best potential opportunities to accelerate
Aurora's development and growth.

    
On May 26, 2000, Dr. Harry Stylli, Aurora's Senior Vice President,
Commercial Development, and Dr. Paul Negulescu, Aurora's Senior Vice President,
Discovery Biology, met with Mr. Richard Aldrich, Vertex's former Senior Vice
President and Chief Business Officer, and Dr. Vicki Sato, Vertex's President, at
Vertex's facilities in Boston, Massachusetts to discuss a potential research
collaboration between Aurora and Vertex.
The representatives of Aurora and
Vertex discussed a range of business possibilities, including strategic
alternatives.
However, the representatives agreed that, at that time, a
strategic transaction, other than a possible joint venture, was not considered
feasible.

    
On October 11, 2000, Dr. Stylli met with Mr. Aldrich at Vertex's facilities
where they discussed the strong complementary nature of the two companies'
technology platforms, the positive commercial reputations of each company and
the potential value that could be created by a strategic relationship.
Among
other possible business relationships discussed, Dr. Stylli and Mr. Aldrich
agreed that a potential merger transaction was one alternative that could
achieve the potential benefits to be derived for each company from possible new
collaborations and technology synergies.
Dr. Stylli and Mr. Aldrich then
discussed and planned a comprehensive scientific and business meeting.

    
On November 20, 2000 and November 21, 2000, Dr. Stylli, Dr. Negulescu and
other members of Aurora management met with Mr. Aldrich and Dr. John Thomson,
Vertex's Vice President of Research.
Following presentations by each of the
representatives of Aurora and Vertex on each company's business and science, the
representatives of each company expressed a high interest in working with the
other company.
The representatives concluded that there should be further
deliberation regarding the potential of a research collaboration, merger or
other strategic transaction between the two companies.

    
On December 4, 2000, Dr. Stylli and Mr. Aldrich had a meeting to explore a
potential strategic transaction between Aurora and Vertex.
At this meeting, Dr.
Stylli and Mr. Aldrich discussed potential synergies and the complementary
nature of the businesses of Aurora and Vertex.
Dr. Stylli and Mr.

Aldrich agreed to follow-up with another conference call to include Dr.
Negulescu and to arrange for Dr. Stuart J. M. Collinson, Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and President of Aurora, and Dr. Joshua Boger, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Vertex, to meet at the JP Morgan H&Q 19th Annual
Health Care Conference in San Francisco, California scheduled for January 2001.

    
On December 22, 2000, Aurora and Vertex entered into a mutual nondisclosure
agreement providing for the safeguarding of confidential information which the
parties might disclose to one another during any discussions.

    
On January 9, 2001, Drs. Collinson, Stylli and Negulescu met with Drs.
Boger
and Sato and Lynne Brum, Vertex's Vice President of Corporate Communications and
Market Development, at the JP Morgan H&Q 19th Annual Health Care Conference in
San Francisco to discuss mutual interests regarding possible collaboration
opportunities, ranging from one or more targeted research or technology
collaborations to a broader strategic business combination and to discuss the
agenda for an on-site visit of Aurora's facilities by the Vertex management
team.

    
On January 11, 2001, Drs.
Boger and Sato met with members of Aurora's
management team at Aurora's facilities in San Diego, California.
At the meeting,
Drs.
Collinson, Stylli and Negulescu, and Messrs. Thomas Klopack, a Senior Vice
President and the Chief Operating Officer of Aurora, and Christopher Krueger,
Aurora's Vice President, Strategic Alliances and Legal Affairs, gave
presentations to Drs.
Boger and Sato on Aurora's systems, intellectual property
and general business.
In addition, Drs.
Boger and Sato presented details
regarding Vertex's technology and were given a tour of Aurora's facilities.

    
On January 24, 2001, Dr. Boger communicated to Dr. Collinson that Vertex was
interested in further pursuing substantive discussions regarding a potential
acquisition of Aurora by Vertex.

    
On January 31, 2001, Drs.
Collinson and Boger discussed via telephone
Vertex's desire to better understand Aurora's business.
To this end, they agreed
to meet in San Diego in mid-February.

    
On February 14, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of Vertex's board of
directors, there was a discussion of potential merger or acquisition candidates
of interest to Vertex, including Aurora.

    
On February 16, 2001, Dr. Boger and Mr. Thomas G. Auchincloss, Jr., Vertex's
former Vice President of Finance, met with members of the senior management team
of Aurora at Aurora's facilities in San Diego.
The Aurora team discussed
Aurora's culture, hiring process and other business issues and gave
presentations on the financial aspects of Aurora's business and commercial
development strategy.
In turn, Dr. Boger discussed Vertex's view on other
companies within the industry and, in particular, discussed the structure of
various corporate partnering deals Vertex had entered into with third parties.

Dr. Boger also shared with the Aurora management team Vertex's financial
position and other financial aspects of Vertex's business.

    
On February 22, 2001, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
gave a presentation to Vertex, including a preliminary evaluation of Aurora.

    
On February 27, 2001, the board of directors of Aurora held a regularly
scheduled meeting at which Dr. Collinson gave an update regarding a potential
transaction with Vertex.
The board of directors authorized and instructed Dr.
Collinson to continue discussions with Vertex.
In addition, the board of
directors also directed management to review other opportunities regarding a
potential strategic transaction.

    
On March 1, 2001, Dr. Boger spoke by telephone with Dr. Collinson to signal
Vertex's interest in discussing in more detail a possible merger between the
companies and to gauge Dr. Collinson's interest in engaging in a more formalized
process of evaluation of the opportunity.
The parties agreed to meet as soon as
possible to continue discussions.

    
On March 5, 2001, Dr. Boger received a communication from Dr. Collinson
indicating that the Aurora senior management team, as well as the Aurora board,
were supportive of further and more detailed discussions.

    
On March 7, 2001, Drs.
Collinson and Boger had a telephonic meeting in which
they discussed various aspects of the proposed transaction, including Aurora's
desire to conduct technical, legal and financial due diligence of Vertex.
In
addition, the parties spoke generally about valuation and the process going
forward.

    
On March 8, 2001, members of Vertex senior management met with
representatives of Merrill Lynch, Ernst & Young, its accounting advisors for the
transaction, and Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., its
outside legal counsel, to discuss plans for due diligence and timing of the
proposed transaction.

    
On March 8, 2001, Mr. Krueger spoke via telephone with Sarah Cecil, Vertex's
Corporate Counsel, regarding the process and schedule by which Vertex would
complete its due diligence review of Aurora.

    
On March 8, 2001, Aurora engaged Goldman, Sachs & Co., as its financial
advisor in connection with a possible transaction with Vertex.

    
On March 9, 2001, Vertex engaged Merrill Lynch to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the possible acquisition transaction
involving Aurora and to render an opinion, if requested, on the fairness of such
a transaction from a financial point of view to Vertex.

    
During the weeks of March 12 and March 19, 2001, Vertex and Aurora exchanged
requests for documents, materials and information required to conduct due
diligence reviews of each company.

    
On March 20, 2001, Vertex and Aurora along with representatives of Merrill
Lynch and Goldman Sachs met in Laguna Niguel, California to discuss valuation,
structure and other terms in connection with a potential strategic transaction
between Vertex and Aurora.
Possible financial and economic terms of the
transaction were also discussed.

    
On March 21, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Aurora board of
directors, Dr. Collinson provided an update of the potential strategic
transaction with Vertex, including a report of the meeting held in Laguna
Niguel.
The board of directors directed Dr. Collinson to proceed with
negotiations with Vertex.

    
On March 23, 2001, Aurora and Vertex entered into a second nondisclosure
agreement whereby each party agreed it would not disclose or misuse confidential
information provided by the other party during discussions regarding a potential
strategic relationship.
This agreement provided, among other things, that until
April 8, 2001, Aurora would negotiate exclusively with Vertex with respect to a
strategic transaction.

    
From March 26, 2001 through March 28, 2001, Vertex's management team, legal
advisors and financial advisors met with representatives of Aurora's management
team and financial and legal advisors at the law offices of Cooley Godward LLP,
outside counsel to Aurora, in San Diego, California.
During this three-day
period, various members of Aurora's senior management team gave technical,
commercial and financial presentations to the representatives of Vertex, and
Vertex conducted due diligence review of Aurora's collaboration and partnering
agreements, as well as other records and documents related to Aurora's business
made available by Aurora.

    
On March 29, 2001, a first draft of the merger agreement was sent to Aurora
and its legal and financial advisors by Mintz Levin.

    
On March 30, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of the Aurora board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided an update of the status of the proposed transaction with
Vertex.
Dr. Collinson reported on the proposed terms of the transaction, the
risks and advantages for Aurora of proceeding with such a

transaction versus continuing as an independent entity and the strengths and
weaknesses of each of Aurora and Vertex.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs then
updated the board of directors with respect to merger and acquisition activity
for biotechnology companies in general and summarized current market conditions.

Goldman Sachs also discussed general matters related to the potential
transaction with Vertex.

    
From April 1, 2001 through April 4, 2001, members of Aurora's management
team, as well as Aurora's outside legal and financial advisors, met in Boston at
Vertex headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and at the offices of Mintz
Levin, and conducted technical, legal and financial due diligence investigations
of Vertex.
Senior members of Vertex's management team gave presentations on the
technical, commercial and financial aspects of Vertex's business.
During this
period, representatives of each of Aurora and Vertex, including members of their
respective financial and legal advisory teams, conducted face-to-face
negotiations with respect to the terms of the proposed merger agreement.
In
addition, the parties conducted numerous conferences to negotiate the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and related documents and to discuss various
other legal, financial and regulatory matters related to the merger.

    
On April 4, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson summarized the diligence presentations provided by Vertex during
the parties' discussions from April 1, 2001 through April 4, 2001 and updated
the board of directors on the status of discussions with Vertex, including key
terms of the merger agreement and valuation.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs
then discussed valuation matters with the board of directors.

    
On April 5, 2001, Dr. Boger communicated to Dr. Collinson proposed
financial, economic and other substantive terms, including the proposed exchange
ratio.

    
On April 6, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Aurora's management team and representatives of Foley, Hoag & Elliot, outside
counsel engaged by Aurora specifically to perform a due diligence review of
Vertex's intellectual property, summarized the results of the technical,
regulatory and business due diligence review of Vertex.
The board of directors
then heard a presentation by representatives of Goldman Sachs, who summarized
Vertex's most recent proposal.
Following that presentation, representatives of
Cooley Godward summarized the legal issues arising out of the currently proposed
merger agreement.
Goldman Sachs then provided the board of directors with a
presentation including, among other things, a review of market performance in
the biotechnology sector and a review of Vertex's business, market and trading
history.
The board of directors instructed management to proceed with
negotiations with Vertex.

    
On April 6, 2001, Dr. Collinson telephoned Dr. Boger, after consulting with
the Aurora board, to report that the terms of the April 5 proposal were not
acceptable to the Aurora board with respect to price and on account of
outstanding issues with the merger agreement.
The parties agreed to continue a
dialogue to explore resolution of these issues.

    
From April 6, 2001 through April 12, 2001, representatives of each of Aurora
and Vertex and each of the parties' legal and financial advisors continued their
due diligence reviews and conducted numerous telephone conferences to negotiate
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and related documents, and to
discuss other legal, financial and regulatory matters related to the merger.

    
On April 8, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided the board of directors with an update on the discussions
between Aurora and Vertex since the last board of directors' meeting, including
a specific discussion on valuation and other unresolved issues related to the
merger agreement.
Dr. Collinson also provided the board of directors with a
summary of potential alternative strategies, including remaining an independent
entity, to the strategic transaction with Vertex.
The board of directors
directed management to proceed with negotiations with Vertex.

    
On April 8, 2001, Vertex received from Aurora and its legal advisors the
terms and conditions of proposed employment agreements for Dr. Collinson, Mr.
Stylli, Mr. Klopack, Dr. Negulescu, Mr. Krueger, John Pashkowsky, Aurora's Vice
President, Finance, and Pamela Fritz, Aurora's Vice President, Human Resources.

    
On April 10, 2001, Vertex's board of directors held a special meeting for
purposes of discussing the potential merger with Aurora.
Representatives of
Merrill Lynch, Mintz Levin and Ernst & Young attended and participated in the
discussions at the meeting.
At the meeting, Dr. Boger and Dr. Sato described the
status of discussions between Vertex and Aurora and the business and scientific
reasons for the proposed merger.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch discussed the
proposed financial terms of the transaction, and representatives of Mintz Levin
described key provisions and open issues with respect to the merger agreement.

Representatives of Ernst & Young reported on the results of their financial due
diligence on behalf of Vertex, and Ms. Cecil discussed the results of Vertex's
own due diligence.
The board expressed support for the merger in principle but
voiced concern over the proposed financial and economic terms of the
transaction, given relative stock movements since the April 5 proposal.
The
board tentatively agreed to meet again to consider the transaction for approval
once the terms of the merger agreement and Aurora management employment
agreements were substantially agreed upon.

    
On April 10, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided the board of directors with an update on the discussions
between Aurora and Vertex since Aurora's last board of directors' meeting.

During the day and evening of April 10, 2001, Aurora and Vertex continued
negotiations related to the merger agreement and employment agreements.

    
On April 11, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided the board of directors with an update on the discussions
between Aurora and Vertex since the previous day's board of directors' meeting.

At this meeting, the board of directors expressed concern over the valuation of
Aurora being proposed by Vertex.
At this time, the board of directors instructed
Dr. Collinson to continue discussions with Vertex relating to valuation and
other unresolved issues and to report back to the board of directors the next
day.

    
On April 12, 2001, Dr. Boger spoke with Dr. Collinson by telephone.
Dr.
Boger told Dr. Collinson that, due to recent changes in the relative market
prices of the two companies, Vertex's previously proposed exchange ratio no
longer represented an acceptable exchange from Vertex's perspective, and the
offer was withdrawn by Vertex.

    
On April 12, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided the board of directors with an update on the discussions
between Aurora and Vertex, including valuation, proposed terms of the merger
agreement and employment agreements and business integration issues.
After an
extensive discussion, the board of directors directed management to discontinue
discussions with Vertex based upon the decision of the board of directors that,
given the market price of Aurora's common stock, the valuation and other terms
relating to the merger being proposed by Vertex were unacceptable.
On the
evening of April 12, 2001, representatives of Goldman Sachs communicated, on
behalf of Aurora, to representatives of Merrill Lynch that Aurora was
terminating discussions with Vertex.

    
On April 21, 2001, financial advisors of Vertex spoke with Aurora's
financial advisors to determine whether there was mutual interest in reopening
negotiations.

    
On April 22, 2001, Dr. Collinson reported to the Aurora board of directors
that Vertex had reinitiated conversations and requested authority from the board
of directors to resume negotiations with Vertex.
After full consideration, the
board of directors directed Dr. Collinson to resume negotiations with the
representatives of Vertex.

    
On April 23, 2001, representatives of each of Aurora and Vertex, and each of
the parties' respective legal and financial advisors, held a conference call to
discuss the material unresolved issues relating to the merger agreement and the
proposed employment agreements.
In addition, the parties discussed operational
and economic issues related to the proposed merger.

    
From April 23, 2001 through April 29, 2001, representatives of each of
Aurora and Vertex, and each of the parties' legal and financial advisors,
conducted numerous telephone conferences and meetings to negotiate the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and related documents, including affiliate
agreements, stockholder agreements, employment agreements and to discuss various
other issues.
During this period, Aurora's and Vertex's respective management
teams and legal and financial advisors concluded their due diligence reviews.

    
On April 27, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided the board of directors with an update on the discussions
between Aurora and Vertex, including the material terms of the merger
transaction and valuation.
After a discussion of the proposed material terms of
the transaction, the recent market performance of each of Aurora and Vertex and
the recent valuation discussions between representatives of Aurora and Vertex,
the board of directors directed management to proceed with negotiations with
Vertex.

    
On April 28, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
together with Aurora's legal and financial advisors, Dr. Collinson provided an
update to the board of directors of the most recent discussions with Vertex.
Dr.
Collinson also summarized the current proposal presented by Vertex and the
principal terms of the proposed merger, merger agreement and other related
agreements.
Dr. Collinson discussed the potential synergies and upside presented
by the merger along with the risks of combining the two companies.
Goldman Sachs
reviewed with the board of directors its financial analysis and delivered to the
board of directors its opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing on
April 29, 2001, that as of April 28, 2001 the exchange ratio provided in the
merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Aurora common stock.
After full discussion, the Aurora board of directors
unanimously concluded that the merger was in the best interests of Aurora and
the Aurora stockholders, approved the merger and the merger agreement
substantially in the form presented to the board of directors, and resolved to
recommend that the Aurora stockholders vote in favor of the merger.

    
On April 29, 2001, the board of directors of Vertex held a special meeting.

Dr. Boger reviewed the rationale for the proposed merger and gave an update on
the recent discussions between Vertex and Aurora.
Merrill Lynch reviewed with
the board of directors its financial analysis of the exchange ratio and
delivered to the board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in
writing, to the effect that, as of such date, the exchange ratio was fair, from
a financial point of view, to Vertex.
Dr. Boger presented a summary of the
proposed employment arrangements for Dr. Collinson and other members of Aurora
senior management.
Ms. Cecil reported on the completion of Vertex's due
diligence.
Representatives of Mintz Levin summarized key provisions of the
merger agreement.
Johanna Messina Power, Vertex's Controller, reported that
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Vertex's independent accountants, had advised
Vertex, based on facts and circumstances at this date, that they would expect to
render an opinion that the transaction would be eligible for pooling of
interests accounting.
After further discussion, the board approved the proposed
merger.

    
On April 29, 2001, Vertex and Aurora executed the merger agreement and
related agreements and Dr. Collinson, Mr. Stylli, Mr. Klopack, Dr. Negulescu,
Mr. Krueger, Mr. Pashkowsky, and Ms. Fritz executed employment agreements to
become effective upon the closing of the merger.

    
On April 30, 2001, Vertex and Aurora issued a joint press release announcing
the execution of the merger agreement.


VERTEX'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    The decision of Vertex's board of directors to approve the merger was based
on several potential benefits of the merger that it believes will contribute to
Vertex's success.
Vertex believes that the merger with Aurora will enhance
Vertex's drug discovery capabilities, and expand Vertex's chemogenomics drug
discovery platform into additional multi-target gene families.

    
The integration of Aurora's technology and expertise with Vertex's drug
discovery capabilities is expected to:

    - increase the flow of Vertex drug candidates into development,

    - accelerate the creation of a broad intellectual property estate, and

    - provide enhanced opportunities for major drug discovery, development and
      commercial alliances.

    
Vertex has extensive efforts underway to discover and develop small molecule
inhibitors for specific targets in the kinase and caspase gene families.
The
merger is expected to significantly enhance Vertex's drug discovery capabilities
in these and other major gene families and target classes.
The merger enables
Vertex to integrate Aurora's capabilities in the development of cell-based
assays and screening instrumentation for use in drug discovery directed at ion
channels, g-protein coupled receptors, kinases, proteases and phosphatases, and
for use in target validation in a wide range of gene families.
Together, Vertex
believes the companies will possess a comprehensive, scalable platform for
systematically accelerating drug candidate output in these target-rich gene
families.

    
In addition to increasing Vertex's drug discovery capabilities directed at
gene families, Aurora's suite of technologies has the potential to accelerate
Vertex's target selection, lead generation and optimization, drug candidate
selection, and the establishment of clinical proof-of-concept for many of
Vertex's research and development programs.
These technologies also include
predictive pharmacology and proteomics approaches, which enable high-throughput
assessments of toxicology and metabolic markers to establish therapeutic
proof-of-concept and safety of drug candidates in early clinical testing.

Aurora's recent acquisition of PanVera, a specialty supplier of high quality
recombinant proteins, provides a further, valuable asset in drug discovery.

    
In connection with its approval of the merger and recommendation that
stockholders approve the issuance of the Vertex common stock in connection with
the merger, the board of directors of Vertex consulted with its legal advisors
regarding the duties of the members of the board, as well as with members of
management and Vertex's financial advisors.
The board of directors of Vertex
also considered the following information and factors in reaching its decision
to approve the merger:

    - the benefits described above;

    - the exchange ratio in the merger and the resulting ownership interest of
      Vertex by former stockholders of Aurora;

    - presentations by senior members of Vertex's management regarding the
      strategic advantages of acquiring Aurora, operational aspects of the
      transaction and the results of management's operational and legal due
      diligence review;

    - historical information concerning Vertex's and Aurora's respective
      businesses, financial performance and condition, operations, technology,
      management, competitive position, and stock performance;

    - Vertex's management's view as to the financial condition, results of
      operations and businesses of Vertex and Aurora before and after giving
      effect to the merger based on management's due diligence, publicly
      available earnings estimates and other publicly available information;

    - the strategic fit of Vertex and Aurora, including the belief that the
      merger has the potential to enhance stockholder value;

    - the opportunities and alternatives available to Vertex if the merger were
      not to be completed;

    - the analysis and presentation of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith
      Incorporated on the financial aspects of the merger, and its written
      opinion to the effect that, as of April 29, 2001, and based upon and
      subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the
      exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to Vertex;

    - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the stockholder
      agreements, the affiliate agreements and the employment agreements;

    - the likelihood that the merger will be completed, including the likelihood
      that the merger will receive the necessary regulatory approvals;

    - the expected tax treatment of the merger as a tax-free reorganization for
      United States federal income tax purposes;

    - the expected accounting treatment of the merger as a pooling of interests
      transaction; and

    - the impact of the merger on Vertex's stockholders and employees.

    
Vertex's board of directors also identified and considered the potential
adverse consequences of other factors on the proposed merger, including:

    - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger might not be realized;

    - the challenges and risks involved in combining the businesses of two large
      companies;

    - the risk of diverting management's focus and resources from other
      strategic opportunities and from operational matters while working to
      complete and implement the merger;

    - the risks associated with obtaining the consents required by the merger
      under Aurora's existing contracts and agreements;

    - the risk that Vertex would not be able to account for the merger as a
      pooling of interests;

    - the effect of the announcement of the merger on Vertex's business and
      Aurora's business; and

    - the risk that the merger would not be completed.

    
This discussion of the information and factors considered by the Vertex
board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material
factors considered.
The Vertex board of directors did not assign particular
weight or rank to the factors it considered in approving the merger.
In
considering the factors described above, the individual members of the board of
directors may have given different weight to various factors.
The Vertex board
of directors considered all of these factors as a whole, and overall considered
them to be favorable to and to support its determination to approve the merger.


AURORA'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    
In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger and
recommendation that the stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement, the
Aurora board of directors consulted with Aurora's legal, auditing and financial
advisors, as well as with Aurora's senior management.
The board of directors
considered, among other things, the following information and strategic factors
associated with Vertex's business and the opportunities presented by a merger of
Aurora with Vertex:

    - the opportunity to accelerate the drug discovery and development efforts
      of Aurora;

    - the potential to create new and enhanced partnership opportunities;

    - Vertex's sizable and world-class chemistry group and people-strong
      organization with an established reputation in the market community;

    - the belief that Vertex's resources would be leveraged with Aurora's
      resources to create enhanced commercial opportunities in gene family drug
      discovery and development;

    - the belief that Vertex's resources would be available to facilitate the
      development of Aurora's pre-clinical pipeline;

    - the possibility of accelerating Aurora's collective research output in
      multiple gene families;

    - the acceleration of the creation of a broad intellectual property estate;

    - the benefits of maintaining facilities located in Boston, San Diego and
      the United Kingdom;

    - the likely realization of operational efficiencies as a result of the
      merger, including in the areas of research and development, sales and
      marketing, and finance and administration; and

    - information concerning the business, financial condition, operations,
      competitive position and prospects of Aurora individually and on a
      combined basis with Vertex.

    
In addition, Aurora's board of directors considered, after consultation with
it's legal, auditing and financial advisors, as well as with Aurora's senior
management, the following information and factors in reaching its decision to
approve the merger:

    - the benefits described above;

    - the exchange ratio in the merger and the resulting ownership interest of
      Vertex by former stockholders of Aurora;

    - presentations by senior members of Aurora's management regarding the
      strategic advantages of the potential merger with Vertex, operational
      aspects of the transaction and the results of management's operational and
      legal due diligence review;

    - Aurora's management's view as to the financial condition, results of
      operations and businesses of Vertex and Aurora before and after giving
      effect to the merger based on management's due diligence, internal
      projections, publicly available earnings estimates and other publicly
      available information;

    - the strategic fit of Vertex and Aurora, including the belief that the
      merger has the potential to enhance stockholder value;

    - the opportunities and alternatives available to Aurora if the merger were
      not to be completed, including pursuing an acquisition transaction or
      business combination, joint venture or collaboration with entities other
      than Vertex and the conclusion that the merger is expected to yield
      greater benefits and is more feasible than the alternatives;

    - the opinion of Goldman Sachs to the effect that, as of April 28, 2001, and
      based upon and subject to the considerations described in its opinion, the
      exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement was fair from a financial
      point of view to the holders of Aurora common stock;

    - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the stockholder
      agreements, the affiliate agreements and the employment agreements;

    - the likelihood that the merger will be completed, including the likelihood
      that the merger will receive the necessary regulatory approvals;

    - the expected tax treatment of the merger as a tax-free reorganization for
      United States federal income tax purposes;

    - the expected accounting treatment of the merger as a pooling of interests
      transaction; and

    - the impact of the merger on Aurora's stockholders and employees.

    
The Aurora board of directors also considered a number of risks and
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the risk factors described elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement--prospectus, and in particular:

    - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized,
      including that the expected operating synergies might not be achieved;

    - the challenges of integrating the businesses and operations of the two
      companies and the management effort and costs required to complete the
      integration following the merger;

    - the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the merger,
      including the risk that key personnel may decide not to continue
      employment with Aurora after the merger;

    - the risk that sales of substantial amounts of Vertex common stock in the
      public market after the proposed merger could materially adversely affect
      the market price of Vertex common stock;

    - the potential adverse effects on Vertex's earnings if the merger fails to
      qualify for pooling of interests accounting treatment; and

    - the risk that suppliers, customers, licensors, collaborators, licensees
      and other business partners of Aurora may terminate their relationships as
      a result of the merger.

    
In analyzing the proposed merger, Aurora's board of directors did not view
any of the factors listed above as determinative or find it practical or
feasible to quantify or otherwise attempt to assign any relative or specific
values to any of the foregoing factors.
Rather, the Aurora board of directors
made its determination based upon the total mix of information available to it.

Moreover, the individual members of the board may have accorded different values
to different factors.

STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER AND CONVERSION OF AURORA STOCK

    
In accordance with the merger agreement and Delaware law, a newly-formed and
wholly-owned subsidiary of Vertex will merge with and into Aurora.
As a result
of this merger, the separate corporate existence of the Vertex subsidiary will
cease and Aurora will survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vertex.

Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of Aurora common stock
will be automatically converted into 0.62 of a share of Vertex common stock and
the stockholders of Aurora will become stockholders of Vertex.
No fractional
shares of Vertex common stock will be issued in connection with the merger.

Instead, Aurora stockholders will receive cash, without interest, in lieu of a
fraction of a share of Vertex common stock, based on the closing price of Vertex
common stock on The Nasdaq National Market on the date that the merger is
completed.

    
The number of shares of Vertex common stock issuable to Aurora stockholders
in the merger will be proportionately adjusted for any stock split, stock
dividend or similar event with respect to the Vertex common stock or Aurora
common stock effected between the date of the merger agreement and the date of
completion of the merger.


RECOMMENDATION OF VERTEX'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    The Vertex board of directors believes that the merger is fair to Vertex's
stockholders and in their best interests, and recommends the approval of the
issuance of Vertex common stock in connection with the merger.


OPINION OF VERTEX'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated has acted as financial
advisor to Vertex in connection with the merger.
On April 29, 2001, Merrill
Lynch delivered to Vertex's board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently
confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of such date, and based upon

and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the
exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to Vertex.

    
THE FULL TEXT OF MERRILL LYNCH'S FAIRNESS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE
REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL LYNCH, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B AND IS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS.
THE SUMMARY OF MERRILL
LYNCH'S FAIRNESS OPINION BELOW SETS FORTH THE MATERIAL TERMS OF THE FAIRNESS
OPINION AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF
MERRILL LYNCH'S FAIRNESS OPINION.
VERTEX STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE
OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.

    
Merrill Lynch's fairness opinion was provided to Vertex's board of directors
for its information and is directed only to the fairness from a financial point
of view of the exchange ratio.
Merrill Lynch's fairness opinion does not address
any other aspect of the merger, including the merits of the underlying decision
by Vertex to engage in the merger, and does not constitute a recommendation to
any Vertex stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote on the merger or
any related matter.
The exchange ratio was determined through negotiations
between Vertex and Aurora and was approved by Vertex's board of directors.

    
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

    - reviewed publicly available business and financial information relating to
      Aurora and Vertex that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

    - reviewed information, including financial forecasts relating to the
      business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of Aurora
      and Vertex, furnished to Merrill Lynch by Aurora and Vertex, respectively;

    - conducted discussions with members of senior management of Aurora and
      Vertex concerning the matters described above, as well as the business and
      prospects of Aurora and Vertex before giving effect to the merger;

    - reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for Aurora common stock
      and Vertex common stock and compared them with those of publicly traded
      companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

    - reviewed the results of operations of Aurora and Vertex and compared them
      with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed
      to be relevant;

    - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
      terms of other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

    - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
      Aurora and Vertex and their financial and legal advisors;

    - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger;

    - reviewed the merger agreement, dated April 29, 2001, and related
      documents; and

    - reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into account
      such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including Merrill
      Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

    
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to
Merrill Lynch, discussed with or reviewed by or for Merrill Lynch, or publicly
available, and Merrill Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently
verifying such information.
Merrill Lynch has not undertaken an independent
evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of Vertex or Aurora
or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.
In addition, Merrill
Lynch did not assume any obligation to conduct any

physical inspection of the properties or facilities of Vertex or Aurora.
With
respect to the financial forecast information furnished to or discussed with
Merrill Lynch by Vertex and Aurora, Merrill Lynch assumed that they had been
reasonably prepared and reflected the best available estimates and judgment of
Vertex's or Aurora's management as to the expected future financial performance
of Vertex or Aurora, as the case may be.
Merrill Lynch further assumed that the
merger will be accounted for as a pooling of interests under generally accepted
accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes.
Merrill Lynch also assumed that the
representations and warranties of Vertex, its wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora
contained in the merger agreement are true and correct, that Vertex, its
wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora will each perform all of the covenants and
agreements to be performed by it under the merger agreement, and that all
conditions to the obligations of Vertex, its wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora
to consummate the merger will be satisfied without any waiver of such
conditions.

    
Merrill Lynch's fairness opinion is necessarily based on market, economic
and other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on, and on the
information made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of the opinion.

Merrill Lynch assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory
or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on
Vertex or Aurora or materially reduce the contemplated benefits of the merger.

Merrill Lynch did not express any opinion as to the prices at which Vertex
common stock will trade following the announcement or consummation of the
merger.
Although Merrill Lynch evaluated the exchange ratio from a financial
point of view, Merrill Lynch was not requested to, and did not, address the
merits of the underlying decision of Vertex to engage in the merger and did not
recommend to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote on the
proposed merger or any related matter.

    
In preparing its opinion to Vertex's board of directors, Merrill Lynch
performed financial and comparative analyses, including those described below.

The summary of analyses set forth in this joint proxy statement-prospectus does
not purport to be a complete description of the analyses underlying Merrill
Lynch's fairness opinion or the presentation made by Merrill Lynch to Vertex's
board of directors.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic
process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
No company, business or
transaction used in such analyses as a comparison is identical to Vertex, Aurora
or the merger, nor is an evaluation of the results of such analyses entirely
mathematical.
Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could
affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
business segments or transactions being analyzed.

    
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.

Accordingly, Merrill Lynch believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all
analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.

    
In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Merrill
Lynch, Vertex or Aurora.
The estimates contained in the analyses performed by
Merrill Lynch and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future
results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by such analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses
or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
such businesses or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, such analyses
and estimates are inherently

subject to substantial uncertainty.
In addition, as described above, Merrill
Lynch's fairness opinion was among several factors taken into consideration by
Vertex's board of directors in making its determination to approve the merger
agreement and the merger.
Consequently, the Merrill Lynch analyses described
below should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of Vertex's board of
directors or Vertex's management with respect to the fairness of the exchange
ratio.

    
The following is a summary of the material financial and comparative
analyses performed by Merrill Lynch in arriving at its April 29, 2001 opinion
and presented to Vertex's board of directors.
The Merrill Lynch opinion is based
upon Merrill Lynch's consideration of the collective results of all such
analyses, together with the other factors referred to in its opinion letter.


ANALYSIS OF TRADING PERFORMANCE

    Using publicly available information, Merrill Lynch reviewed the per share
daily closing market prices of the common stock of both Aurora and Vertex over
the three-month and one-month trading periods ending April 27, 2001.
This
analysis indicated a range of closing prices per share of Aurora common stock to
be $12.69 to $31.63 for the three-month period and $14.99 to $18.76 for the one-
month period.
The range of closing prices per share of Vertex common stock for
the corresponding periods was $29.19 to $74.19 and $29.19 to $44.99,
respectively.

    
Merrill Lynch observed that the implied offer price for Aurora was within
the three-month trading range and above the one-month trading range.

    
Merrill Lynch then analyzed the ratio of the range of closing share prices
of Aurora common stock to corresponding prices of Vertex common stock for the
three-month and one-month periods ending April 27, 2001.
This analysis yielded a
range of implied exchange ratios of 0.171 to 1.084 for the three-month period
ending April 27, 2001 and 0.333 to 0.643 for the one-month period ending
April 27, 2001.
Merrill Lynch observed that the exchange ratio was within the
ranges implied by the analyses of both the three-month period and the one-month
period.


ANALYSIS OF SELECTED COMPARABLE PUBLICLY TRADED COMPANIES

    Using publicly available information, Merrill Lynch compared the valuation
multiples of selected publicly traded companies in the genomics and platform
technology segments of the biotechnology industry considered by Merrill Lynch to
be reasonably comparable to Aurora for the purposes of this analysis.
The
companies comparable to Aurora included:

    - Affymetrix, Inc.

    - Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

    - CuraGen Corporation

    - Evotec BioSystems AG

    - Exelixis, Inc.

    - Genencor International, Inc.

    - Myriad Genetics, Inc.

    - Oxford GlycoSciences Plc

    Using publicly available information, Merrill Lynch also compared the
valuation multiples of selected publicly traded companies in the drug discovery
and development sectors of biotechnology

industry considered by Merrill Lynch to be reasonably comparable to Vertex for
the purposes of this analysis.
The companies comparable to Vertex included:

    - Chiron Corporation

    - CuraGen Corporation

    - Gilead Sciences, Inc.

    - Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

    Merrill Lynch then calculated the comparable companies' market
capitalization, calculated as fully diluted equity market value, plus total
debt, preferred stock and minority interests, less cash and cash equivalents, as
a multiple of estimated 2001 revenues and as a multiple of 2001 estimated
revenues divided by the estimated 2001-2005 compounded annual growth rate of
revenues.
All multiples were based on closing stock prices on April 27, 2001.

Merrill Lynch then applied a range of these multiples to the corresponding
financial data for Aurora and Vertex, respectively.
This analysis indicated an
implied value range to be $30.50 to $35.77 per share of Aurora common stock and
$37.51 to $48.31 per share of Vertex common stock.

    
Merrill Lynch then compared the implied per share equity reference ranges
for Aurora and Vertex described above and derived an implied exchange ratio
reference range of 0.631x to 1.194x.
Merrill Lynch observed that the exchange
ratio was slightly below the range implied by this analysis.

    
Because of the inherent differences among the operations of Vertex and
Aurora and the selected comparable companies, Merrill Lynch believes that a
purely quantitative comparable company analysis would not be dispositive in the
context of the merger.
Merrill Lynch further believes that an appropriate use of
a comparable company analysis in this instance involves qualitative judgments
concerning differences among the financial and operating characteristics of
Vertex and Aurora and the selected comparable companies, which judgments are
reflected in the Merrill Lynch opinion.


RESEARCH ANALYSTS' ESTIMATES

    Merrill Lynch reviewed the price targets of selected equity research
analysts for Aurora common stock and Vertex common stock.
The range of analysts'
price targets for Aurora was $30.00 to $80.00 per share and for Vertex $57.00 to
$100.00 per share.
These ranges implied exchange ratios ranging from a low of
0.300x to a high of 1.404x.
Merrill Lynch observed that the exchange ratio was
within the ranges implied by this analysis.


ANALYSIS OF SELECTED COMPARABLE ACQUISITION TRANSACTIONS

    Merrill Lynch also reviewed publicly available information relating to
eighteen comparable acquisition transactions involving biotechnology companies
announced since December 1997 and examined:

    - premiums paid for the targets' equity over pre-announcement stock prices
      one day prior to announcement and one month prior to announcement; and

    - transaction values for the target companies as a multiple of projected
      revenues for the twelve months following the announcement of each of the
      respective transactions (transaction value being defined as the sum of the
      per share offer price for the target company multiplied by the number of
      company shares outstanding and the number of target company options
      outstanding, net of option proceeds, plus the preferred equity at
      liquidation, if any, the short-term debt, the long-term debt and any
      minority interests, less cash and marketable securities).

    
Merrill Lynch then applied a range of selected premiums and multiples
derived from the selected transactions to the corresponding financial data for
Aurora.
This analysis indicated an implied value range to be $20.22 to $34.26
per share of Aurora common stock.

    
Because the reasons for, and circumstances surrounding, each of the
comparable transactions analyzed were so diverse and due to the inherent
differences between the operations and financial conditions of Aurora and the
selected companies, Merrill Lynch believes that a purely quantitative comparable
transaction analysis would not be dispositive in the context of the merger.

Merrill Lynch further believes that an appropriate use of a comparable
transaction analysis in this instance involves qualitative judgments concerning
the differences between the characteristics of these transactions and the merger
that would affect the value of the acquired companies and businesses and Aurora,
those judgments being reflected in the Merrill Lynch opinion.


DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS

    Merrill Lynch utilized the standalone discounted cash flow analysis of
Aurora and the standalone discounted cash flow analysis of Vertex to calculate a
range of implied exchange ratios by dividing the discounted cash flow equity
value per share of Aurora by the discounted cash flow equity value per share of
Vertex.

    
Merrill Lynch performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Aurora based upon
the sum of the discounted net present value of Aurora's five-year stream of
projected unlevered free cash flows for the years 2001 through 2005 plus the
discounted net present value of Aurora's terminal value based on a range of
multiples of its projected 2006 revenues of 6.0x to 8.0x.
Using forecasted
income statements based on equity research reports and management projections of
Aurora and applying discount rates ranging from 20% to 30%, Merrill Lynch
calculated that the implied equity value per share of Aurora common stock ranged
from $24.04 to $43.51.

    
Merrill Lynch performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Vertex based upon
the sum of the discounted net present value of Vertex's five-year stream of
projected unlevered free cash flows for the years 2001 through 2005 plus the
discounted net present value of Vertex's terminal value based on a range of
multiples of its projected 2006 revenues of 12.0x to 18.0x.
Using forecasted
income statements based on equity research reports and management projections of
Vertex and applying discount rates ranging from 20% to 30%, Merrill Lynch
calculated that the implied equity value per share of Vertex common stock ranged
from $28.47 to $59.48.

    
Merrill Lynch, utilizing the standalone cash flow analyses described above,
calculated the implied exchange ratio by dividing the discounted cash flow
equity value per share of Aurora by the discounted cash flow equity value per
share of Vertex.
Based upon this analysis, Merrill Lynch calculated a range of
implied exchange ratios from 0.404x to 1.528x.
Merrill Lynch observed that the
exchange ratio was within the range implied by this analysis.


PRO FORMA MERGER ANALYSIS

    Merrill Lynch analyzed selected pro forma effects which could result from
the merger for each year through 2005 based on information in selected equity
research reports on Vertex and Aurora.
Vertex's management advised Merrill Lynch
that the merger will be accounted for as a pooling of interests under U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.
Merrill Lynch assumed an exchange
ratio of 0.620x and did not include in the analysis any synergies.
This pro
forma analysis indicated that the merger would be accretive to the Vertex's
forecasted earnings per share by $0.20 in 2001, $0.27 in 2002, $0.61 in 2003,
$0.85 in 2004 and $0.84 in 2005.


MISCELLANEOUS

    
The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of
the analyses conducted by Merrill Lynch.
The preparation of a fairness opinion
is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description.
Merrill Lynch believes that selecting any portion of its
analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering the analyses as
a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying Merrill
Lynch's opinion.
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch considered the
results of all its analyses.
The analyses performed by Merrill Lynch are not
necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by Merrill Lynch's
analyses.
The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices
at which Vertex common stock may trade at any time in the future.
Analyses based
upon forecasts or future results are not necessarily indicative of actual values
or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by Merrill Lynch's analyses.
Because the analyses are inherently
subject to uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors and events, including,
without limitation, factors related to general economic and competitive
conditions beyond the control of Merrill Lynch or the parties to the merger,
Merrill Lynch does not assume any responsibility if future results or actual
values are materially different from those forecast.

    
Pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement between Merrill Lynch and Vertex
dated March 9, 2001, referred to as the Merrill Lynch letter agreement, Vertex
agreed to pay Merrill Lynch $1,000,000 upon execution of the merger agreement
and $3,500,000 upon completion of the merger for Merrill Lynch's financial
advisory services in connection with the merger.
Vertex has also agreed to pay
Merrill Lynch the lesser of the aggregate fees described above and, if the
merger agreement is terminated, 15% of any fee or payment paid to Vertex in
connection with the termination of the merger during the period Merrill Lynch is
retained by Vertex or one year thereafter.
Vertex also has agreed to reimburse
Merrill Lynch for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Merrill
Lynch in performing its services, including the fees and expenses of Merrill
Lynch's legal counsel, provided that Merrill Lynch is not entitled to
reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in excess of $50,000 without the prior
consent of Vertex, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
Vertex has
also agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and related persons and entities against
liabilities under federal or state law arising out of a business combination
contemplated by the Merrill Lynch letter agreement or the engagement of Merrill
Lynch pursuant to such agreement.

    
Vertex retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's experience and
expertise.
Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.

    
Merrill Lynch has, in the past, provided financial advisory services to
Vertex.
During the past two years Merrill Lynch has acted as the lead manager of
two offerings of convertible notes for which it received customary compensation.

In addition, in the ordinary course of business, Merrill Lynch and its
affiliates may actively trade in securities of Vertex and Aurora for Merrill
Lynch's own accounts and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may
at any time hold a long or short position in securities of Vertex and Aurora.


RECOMMENDATION OF AURORA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    The Aurora board of directors believes that the merger is fair to Aurora's
stockholders and in their best interests, and recommends the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement.

    
In considering the recommendation of the Aurora board of directors with
respect to the merger agreement, you should be aware that the directors and
executive officers of Aurora have interests in

the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of
Aurora stockholders.
Please see the section entitled "Interests of Aurora
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger" that begins on page 52 of this
joint proxy statement-prospectus.


OPINION OF AURORA'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    Goldman, Sachs & Co. delivered its opinion to the board of directors of
Aurora, which was subsequently confirmed in writing on April 29, 2001, that, as
of April 28, 2001, and based upon and subject to the considerations described in
its opinion, the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of Aurora common stock.

    
THE FULL TEXT OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF GOLDMAN SACHS, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED, AND LIMITATIONS ON
THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPINION, IS ATTACHED TO THIS JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS
JOINT PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS.
GOLDMAN SACHS' OPINION WAS PROVIDED FOR THE
INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF AURORA IN CONNECTION
WITH ITS CONSIDERATION OF THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

GOLDMAN SACHS' OPINION IS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO
AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION AS TO HOW ANY HOLDER OF AURORA COMMON
STOCK SHOULD VOTE WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTION.
AURORA STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD
READ THE OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY.

    
In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:

    - the merger agreement;

    - annual reports to stockholders and annual reports on Form 10-K and Form
      10-K/A of Aurora for the four years ended December 31, 2000;

    - annual reports to stockholders and annual reports on Form 10-K of Vertex
      for the five years ended December 31, 2000;

    - selected interim reports to stockholders and quarterly reports on Form
      10-Q of Aurora and Vertex;

    - other communications from Aurora and Vertex to each of their respective
      stockholders;

    - internal financial analyses and forecasts for Vertex prepared by the
      management of Vertex, which the management of Aurora instructed Goldman
      Sachs to use for the purposes of its opinion; and

    - internal financial analyses and forecasts for Aurora prepared by the
      management of Aurora.

    
Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior management of
Aurora and Vertex regarding their assessment of the strategic rationale for, and
the potential benefits of, the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement
and the past and current business operations, financial condition and future
prospects of their respective companies.

    
In addition, Goldman Sachs:

    - reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Aurora common
      stock and Vertex common stock;

    - compared financial and stock market information for Aurora and Vertex with
      similar information for other companies the securities of which are
      publicly traded;

    - reviewed the financial terms of selected recent business combinations in
      the biotechnology industry specifically and in other industries generally;
      and

    - performed such other studies and analyses as Goldman Sachs considered
      appropriate.

    
Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial, accounting and other information discussed with or reviewed by it and
assumed the accuracy and completeness of this information for purposes of
rendering its opinion.
In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed, with the consent
of Aurora's board of directors, that the internal financial forecasts prepared
by the managements of Aurora and Vertex were reasonably prepared reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of Aurora and Vertex.
In
addition, Goldman Sachs did not make an independent evaluation or appraisal of
the assets and liabilities of Aurora or Vertex or any of their respective
subsidiaries, and Goldman Sachs was not furnished with any such evaluation or
appraisal.
Goldman Sachs was not requested to solicit, and did not solicit,
interest from other parties with respect to an acquisition of, or other business
combination involving, Aurora.
Goldman Sachs assumed, with the consent of
Aurora's board of directors, that the transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement will be accounted for as a pooling of interests under generally
accepted accounting principles.

    
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by
Goldman Sachs to the Aurora board of directors on April 28, 2001 in connection
with providing its opinion to the Aurora board.

    
Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative information, to the
extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on
or before April 28, 2001, and is not necessarily indicative of current market
conditions.

    
THIS SUMMARY INCLUDES INFORMATION PRESENTED IN TABULAR FORMAT.
THESE TABLES
SHOULD BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.

ANALYSIS OF TRANSACTION PREMIUMS AND MULTIPLES

    Goldman Sachs reviewed the premiums, multiples and other information derived
from the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement.
Based on the closing
price of Vertex common stock of $39.25 and the closing price of Aurora common
stock of $16.85 on April 27, 2001, Goldman Sachs calculated an implied price per
share of Aurora common stock of $24.34, representing an implied premium of 44.4%
over the closing price of Aurora common stock on April 27, 2001.
Goldman Sachs
then calculated the implied premium using the closing prices of Aurora's common
stock on selected dates and over selected periods.
The results of these
calculations are as follows:

                                                                                    
IMPLIED % PREMIUM
DATE                                                    AURORA PRICE ($/SHARE)   OVER $24.34 OFFER PRICE
- ----                                                    ----------------------   -----------------------

April 27, 2001........................................          $16.85                     44.4%
1 Month Prior.........................................          $18.31                     32.9%
1 Week Average (a)....................................          $16.07                     51.5%
2 Week Average (b)....................................          $16.24                     49.9%
1 Month Average (c)...................................          $16.39                     48.5%
2 Month Average (d)...................................          $15.88                     53.3%
3 Month Average (e)...................................          $19.00                     28.1%

- ------------------------

(a) Period from 4/23/2001 to 4/27/2001.
(b) Period from 4/16/2001 to 4/27/2001.
(c) Period from 3/27/2001 to 4/27/2001.
(d) Period from 2/27/2001 to 4/27/2001.
(e) Period from 1/27/2001 to 4/27/2001.

    
Goldman Sachs also reviewed the historical trading prices of Vertex common
stock and Aurora common stock in order to compare exchange ratios implied by
those historical trading prices to the exchange ratio provided in the merger
agreement.
Specifically, Goldman Sachs compared the exchange ratio provided in
the merger agreement to the ratio of the daily closing share prices of Vertex
common stock to corresponding prices for Aurora common stock on April 27, 2001,
which was the last trading

day prior to the announcement of the execution of the merger agreement, and the
one week, one month, two month, six month and one year periods ended April 27,
2001.
These analyses indicated the following implied exchange ratios and implied
premiums for these dates or periods, as compared with the exchange ratio of 0.62
provided in the merger agreement:

                                                                                   IMPLIED % PREMIUM
DATE                                                     IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO   OVER EXCHANGE RATIO
- ----                                                     ----------------------   
-------------------

April 27, 2001.........................................           0.43                     44.4%
1 Month Prior..........................................           0.53                     17.2%
1 Week Average (a).....................................           0.41                     49.8%
2 Week Average (b).....................................           0.40                     55.3%
1 Month Average (c)....................................           0.44                     42.3%
2 Month Average (d)....................................           0.42                     46.6%
3 Month Average (e)....................................           0.42                     47.2%

- ------------------------

(a) Period from 4/23/2001 to 4/27/2001.
(b) Period from 4/16/2001 to 4/27/2001.
(c) Period from 3/27/2001 to 4/27/2001.

(d) Period from 2/27/2001 to 4/27/2001.

(e) Period from 1/27/2001 to 4/27/2001.

    
Based on a Vertex closing price of $39.25 on April 27, 2001 and using the
implied Aurora price per share of $24.34, Goldman Sachs calculated that the
equity consideration in the transaction would be $592 million assuming exercises
of outstanding options based on the transaction price and an enterprise value of
$492.4 million, based on $99.4 million of net debt as of December 31, 2000.

Using Aurora management estimates for fiscal years 2001, 2002 and 2006, Goldman
Sachs derived the following transaction multiples:

    - enterprise value as a multiple of actual 2000 and estimated 2001, 2002 and
      2006 sales;

    - enterprise value as a multiple of actual 2000 and estimated 2001, 2002 and
      2006 earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT; and

    - equity consideration on a fully-diluted basis as a multiple of actual 2000
      and estimated 2001, 2002, and 2006 net income.

    
The results of these analyses are as follows:

                                                                IMPLIED TRANSACTION
                                                                      MULTIPLE
                                                              AT OFFER PRICE OF $24.34
                                                              ------------------------

Enterprise Value/Sales
  2000......................................................               
7.7x
  2001 (estimated)..........................................               
4.9x
  2002 (estimated)..........................................               
3.5x
  2006 (estimated)..........................................               
1.2x

Enterprise Value/EBIT
  2000......................................................           
1,266.9x
  2001 (estimated)..........................................                 
NM
  2002 (estimated)..........................................              
49.7x
  2006 (estimated)..........................................               
3.3x

Equity Consideration/Net Income
  2000......................................................             135.9x
  2001 (estimated)..........................................             
230.0x
  2002 (estimated)..........................................              
66.5x
  2006 (estimated)..........................................               
5.7x

HISTORICAL STOCK TRADING ANALYSIS

    Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared the historical daily trading prices of
Aurora common stock, during the period from April 27, 2000 to April 27, 2001,
with the following: (1) a chemistry, instrument and molecular biology reagent
company composite index comprised of the common stock of Aclara Biosciences,
Inc., Albany Molecular Research, Arqule, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Co.,
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Caliper Technologies Corp., Evotec Biosystems AG,
Invitrogen Corporation, Molecular Devices Corp., Pharmacopeia, Inc., Qiagen NV,
Sepracor Inc., Tecan AG, Techne AG and Tularik Inc.; (2) the Goldman Sachs
Biotechnology Index; and (3) the NASDAQ Composite Index.
The chemistry,
instrument and molecular biology reagent company composite companies were chosen
because they are companies with operations that for purposes of analysis may be
considered similar to Aurora.

    
The analysis indicated that for the period from April 27, 2000 to April 27,
2001, the Aurora common stock initially outperformed all the above indices; but,
since November 2000, Aurora common stock has been underperforming both the
chemistry, instrument and molecular biology reagent composite and the GS Biotech
Index.

    
Goldman Sachs also reviewed and compared the historical daily trading prices
of Vertex common stock, during the period April 27, 2000 to April 27, 2001, with
the following: (1) a near-profitable biotechnology composite index comprised of
the common stock of Cell Therapeutics, Inc., Cephalon, Inc., COR
Therapeutics, Inc., Corixa Corporation, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Imclone Systems
Incorporated and QLT, Inc.; (2) a profitable biotechnology composite index
comprised of the common stock of Amgen, Inc., BioChem Pharma, Inc., Biogen,
Inc., Bio-Technology General Corp., Chiron Corporation, Genentech, Inc., Genzyme
Corporation, IDEC Pharmaceuticals Corp., Immunex Corporation and MedImmune,
Inc.; (3) the GS Biotechnology Index; and (4) the NASDAQ Composite Index.
The
near-profitable and profitable companies were chosen because they are
biotechnology companies with operations that for purposes of analysis may be
considered similar to Vertex.
The analysis indicated that, for the period from
April 27, 2000 to April 27, 2001, the Vertex common stock outperformed all the
above indices.


SELECTED PUBLIC MARKET COMPANIES ANALYSIS

    Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared selected financial information relating
to Aurora and Vertex to corresponding financial information, ratios and public
market multiples for comparable companies whose securities are publicly traded.

Goldman Sachs calculated various financial multiples and ratios for Aurora based
on (1) the closing price of Aurora common stock on April 27, 2001 and (2) the
implied price per share of Aurora common stock derived from the exchange ratio
provided in the merger agreement.
These financial multiples and ratios were
compared with those of the companies in the chemistry, instrument and molecular
biology reagent company composite index used in the historical stock trading
analysis.
Goldman Sachs also conducted a similar analysis for Vertex based on
the closing price of the Vertex common stock on April 27, 2001.
Financial
multiples and ratios for Vertex were compared with those of the near-profitable
and profitable biotechnology companies selected for the historical stock trading
analysis.
Where applicable, the financial multiples and ratios for Aurora,
Vertex and the selected companies were calculated using (1) the closing prices
of their common stock on April 27, 2001 and (2) their respective equity market
capitalization.
Revenues for Aurora, Vertex and the selected companies were
obtained from the annual reports on Form 10-K of each of the companies.

    
Goldman Sachs' analyses of the selected companies compared, among other
things, the following to the results for Vertex and Aurora:

    - stock price as a percentage of the 52-week high; and

    - levered market capitalization as a multiple of the last twelve months'
      revenues.

    
The results of these analyses are summarized as follows:

                                  CHEMISTRY,
                                 INSTRUMENTS,             AURORA
                                      AND           
-------------------
                                   REAGENTS                                    PROFITABLE           NEAR-PROFITABLE       VERTEX
                              -------------------    MARKET               ---------------------   --------------------    MARKET
                               RANGE      MEDIAN     VALUE      OFFER       RANGE       MEDIAN      RANGE      MEDIAN     VALUE
                              --------   
--------   --------   --------   ----------   --------   ---------   --------   
--------

Stock Price as a % of
  52-Week High(%)...........  9.2-98.3     44.8       16.7       24.2     23.2-100.0     70.4     22.7-78.5     42.8       40.4
Latest Twelve Months Revenue
  Multiple(x)...............  1.0-30.6     11.0        4.8        7.7       4.0-42.8     12.8      9.7-50.7     22.1       29.7

DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS

    Goldman Sachs performed an analysis to compare the present value per share
of Aurora common stock, using discounted cash flow methodologies, to the value
per share implied by the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement.
Using
Aurora's management projections, Goldman Sachs performed this analysis by
determining ranges of equity values per share for Aurora on a stand-alone basis.

Specifically, Goldman Sachs considered the range of values for Aurora on a
stand-alone basis based on financial models prepared by Aurora's management.

Goldman Sachs analyzed three elements of the business based on these models: the
"base business," which involves estimates of future revenue growth and earnings,
and no contribution from the Aurora's drug discovery initiatives known as "big
biology"; the big biology business, which reflects only the Company's drug
discovery initiatives and no contribution from the Aurora's base business; and
the "base plus big biology" business, which involves estimates of future revenue
growth and earnings of both the base business and big biology business.

    
In its analysis of the base business, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates
ranging from 25.0% to 35.0% and terminal value multiples of estimated 2010 price
to earnings ranging from 10.0x to 12.5x.
In its analysis of the big biology
business, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 50.0% to 60.0% and
terminal value multiples of estimated 2010 price to earnings ranging from 30.0x
to 35.0x.
Finally, in its analysis of the base plus big biology business,
Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 40.0% to 50.0% and terminal
value multiples of estimated 2010 price to earnings ranging from 25.0x to 30.0x.

The various ranges for discount rates and terminal value multiples were chosen
by Goldman Sachs based upon its prior experience in analyzing cost of capital
ranges that could be applicable.
Based on these discount rates and terminal
value multiples, Goldman Sachs derived theoretical equity values per share
ranging from $10.10 to $20.30 for the base business, $3.93 to $8.83 for the big
biology business and $14.50 to $28.66 for the base plus big biology business.

    
Goldman Sachs noted that the implied value of $24.34 per share derived from
the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement was within the range of
share valuations for Aurora stockholders on a stand-alone basis implied by the
range of values derived in the base business plus big biology business
discounted cash flow analysis.

    
Goldman Sachs also performed an analysis of the present value per share of
Vertex common stock using discounted cash flow methodologies.
Using Vertex
management projections as provided by Vertex management for the fiscal years
2001 through 2006, Goldman Sachs performed this analysis by determining ranges
of equity values per share for Vertex on a stand-alone basis.
In its analysis,
Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 30% to 40% and terminal value
multiples of estimated 2006 price to earnings ranging from 25.0x to 30.0x.
The
various ranges for discount rates and terminal value multiples were chosen by
Goldman Sachs based upon its prior experience in analyzing cost of capital
ranges that could be applicable.
Based on these discount rates and terminal
value multiples, Goldman Sachs derived theoretical equity values per share
ranging from $26.11 to $47.05 as compared to Vertex's closing stock price per
share on April 27, 2001 of $39.25.


PRO FORMA MERGER ANALYSIS

    Goldman Sachs prepared pro forma analyses of the financial impact of the
merger on Vertex and Aurora on a stand-alone basis for the fiscal years ending
December 31, 2001 and March 31, 2002 using projected 2001 and 2002 earnings per
share obtained from Vertex's and Aurora's management.
For the years 2001 and
2002, Goldman Sachs compared, among other financial items, estimated net income
and diluted earnings per share for Vertex, Aurora and the combined company on a
pro forma basis.
Goldman Sachs' analysis indicated that the proposed merger
would be accretive to Vertex's diluted earnings per share in estimated year 2001
and estimated year 2002.


CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS

    Goldman Sachs reviewed the historical and estimated future operating and
financial information, including, among other things, revenues and net income,
for Aurora, Vertex and the pro forma combined entity resulting from the merger
based on Aurora's and Vertex's management projections.
A contribution analysis
demonstrates the parties' respective historical and projected contributions, on
a percentage basis, to certain income statement items of the combined company
and compares those contributions to the parties' stockholders' relative equity
interests in the combined company following the merger.
Goldman Sachs analyzed
the relative income statement contribution of Vertex and Aurora to the combined
company on a pro forma basis based on financial data and on the assumptions
provided to Goldman Sachs by Aurora's and Vertex's managements for estimated
years 2001, 2002 and 2006.
Goldman Sachs calculated the relative contributions
of Aurora and Vertex to the combined company in terms of (1) revenues, (2) net
income, (3) equity market capitalization, (4) enterprise value and (5) pro forma
ownership.
The results of these analyses are as follows:

                                                                
%
CONTRIBUTION
                                                              -------------------
                                                               VERTEX     AURORA
                                                              --------   --------

Revenue:
  2001 (estimated)..........................................    50.5%      49.5%
  2002 (estimated)..........................................    55.0%      45.0%
  2006 (estimated)..........................................    77.7%      22.3%
Net Income:
  2001 (estimated)..........................................      
NM      100.0%
  2002 (estimated)..........................................      
NM      100.0%
  2006 (estimated)..........................................    82.7%      17.3%
Equity Market Capitalization................................    86.6%      13.4%
Enterprise Value............................................    
88.1%      11.9%
Pro Forma Ownership.........................................    81.5%      18.5%

SELECTED TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS

    Using the implied value of $24.34 per share for Aurora common stock derived
from the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement, Goldman Sachs
calculated (1) the premium represented by the implied value in relation to the
Aurora's closing price on April 27, 2001, one day prior to the announcement of
the execution of the merger agreement, and (2) the corresponding latest twelve
months, or LTM, revenue multiple.
Goldman Sachs then compared those results with
publicly available

information for 44 pending and completed merger and acquisition transactions
during 1994 -- 2001 in the biotechnology industry.
The results of the analysis
are as follows:

                                                                              COMPARABLE BIOTECHNOLOGY
                                                                                    TRANSACTIONS
                                                           PROPOSED   -----------------------------------------
                                                            MERGER      HIGH       MEAN      MEDIAN      LOW
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

Premium to One Day Prior to Announcement.................    
44.4%      95.8%      32.4%      30.1%      0.9%
LTM Revenue Multiple.....................................     7.7x     150.4x      19.9x      10.6x      1.4x

    The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs' opinion.
In arriving at its fairness determination,
Goldman Sachs considered the results of all the analyses and did not attribute
any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it; rather,
Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its
experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all the
analyses.
No company used in the above analyses as a comparison is directly
comparable to Aurora or Vertex, and no transaction used is directly comparable
to the proposed merger.

    
Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses solely for purposes of providing an
opinion to the Aurora board as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to the
holders of shares of Aurora common stock from a financial point of view.
The
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect the prices at
which the business or securities actually may be sold.
Analyses based upon
forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
these analyses.
Because these analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty and
are based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or
their respective advisors, none of Aurora, Vertex or Goldman Sachs assumes
responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecasted.

As described above, the opinion of Goldman Sachs to the Aurora board was one of
many factors taken into consideration by the Aurora board in making its
determination to approve the merger agreement.
The foregoing summary does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs.

    
Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is continually
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
Goldman Sachs is
familiar with Aurora, having provided certain investment banking services to
Aurora from time to time, including having acted as its financial advisor in
connection with, and having participated in certain of the negotiations leading
to, the merger agreement.
Goldman Sachs also has provided certain investment
banking services to Vertex from time to time.

    
Aurora selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm that has substantial
experience in transactions similar to the merger.
In addition, Goldman Sachs
provides a full range of financial, advisory and securities services and in the
course of its normal trading activities it may from time to time effect
transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities, of Aurora and
Vertex for its own account and for the accounts of customers.
In addition,
Goldman Sachs may provide investment banking services to Vertex and its
subsidiaries in the future.

    
Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated March 8, 2001, Aurora engaged Goldman
Sachs to act as its financial advisor in connection with a potential transaction
involving Vertex.
Pursuant to this letter agreement, Aurora agreed to pay
Goldman Sachs an initial fee of $100,000, payable in cash two months following
the execution of the letter, which will be applied against any transaction fee
which may

become payable pursuant to the letter.
In addition, assuming an aggregate
purchase price of $591.8 million based on Vertex's closing stock price on
April 27, 2001, Aurora has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a transaction fee of
approximately $8 million upon consummation of the merger.
Aurora has agreed to
reimburse Goldman Sachs for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, not to exceed
$150,000 without the prior consent of Aurora, including attorneys' fees and
disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs against certain liabilities,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.


INTERESTS OF AURORA DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

    
In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of Aurora to
vote for the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement, stockholders of
Aurora should be aware that members of the Aurora board of directors and members
of Aurora's management team have agreements or arrangements that provide them
with interests in the merger that differ from those of Aurora's stockholders.

The board of directors of Aurora was aware of these agreements and arrangements
during its deliberations of the merits of the merger and in determining to
recommend to the stockholders of Aurora that they vote for the proposal to
approve and adopt the merger agreement.

    
VERTEX BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  
Upon completion of the merger, Stuart J.M.
Collinson, Aurora's Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and
President, will be appointed to Vertex's board of directors in the class of
directors whose term expires in 2002, with a commitment by Vertex and its board
of directors to renominate him for one additional three-year term.

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.  
The following officers of Aurora have entered into
employment agreements that become effective upon completion of the merger and
are guaranteed by Vertex:

    - Stuart J.M. Collinson, Aurora's Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
      Officer and President;

    - Harry Stylli, Aurora's Senior Vice President, Commercial Development;

    - Thomas Klopack, Aurora's Senior Vice President and Chief Operating
      Officer;

    - Paul Negulescu, Aurora's Senior Vice President, Discovery Biology;

    - Christopher Krueger, Aurora's Vice President, Strategic Alliances and
      General Counsel;

    - John Pashkowsky, Aurora's Vice President, Finance and Treasurer; and

    - Pamela Fritz, Aurora's Vice President, Human Resources.

    
AURORA STOCK OPTIONS.  
Each option outstanding pursuant to Aurora's
Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan will, by its terms, become fully
vested and immediately exercisable prior to and subject to completion of the
merger and if not exercised prior to the completion of the merger, will
terminate as of the completion of the merger.
In addition, as of March 31, 2001,
approximately 4,327,853 shares of Aurora common stock are subject to outstanding
options granted to officers and employees of Aurora under Aurora's 1996 Stock
Plan, which contains a provision that provides for acceleration of vesting after
the merger if, within the period beginning 60 days before completion of the
merger and ending 13 months following the merger, the optionee is terminated by
Vertex without cause or if the optionee voluntarily terminates his or her
employment as a result of a constructive termination.

    INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.  
The merger agreement provides that all
rights to indemnification and limitation of personal liability existing in favor
of the directors and officers of Aurora and its subsidiaries as provided in
existing agreements, Aurora's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Aurora's amended and restated by-laws will be assumed by Vertex and the
surviving subsidiary in the merger and will continue in full force and effect
for six years following completion of

the merger.
The merger agreement also provides that for six years after the
completion of the merger, Vertex will maintain the existing policies of
directors' and officers' liability insurance with respect to acts or omissions
occurring prior to the completion of the merger or substitute policies of
comparable coverage for the existing policies, subject to a maximum annual
aggregate premium of $180,000.

COMPLETION AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE MERGER

    
The merger will be completed when all of the conditions to completion of the
merger are satisfied or waived, including the approval of the issuance of the
Vertex common stock in connection with the merger by Vertex's stockholders and
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement by Aurora's stockholders.
The
merger will become effective upon filing of a certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

    
Each of Vertex and Aurora is working towards completing the merger as
quickly as possible.
Assuming that both Vertex and Aurora satisfy or waive all
of the conditions to closing contained in the merger agreement, Vertex and
Aurora anticipate that the merger will occur as soon as practicable after
approval of the merger proposals at the special meetings.


EXCHANGE OF AURORA STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR VERTEX STOCK CERTIFICATES

    When the merger is completed, Vertex or an exchange agent will mail to
Aurora stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in
surrendering Aurora stock certificates in exchange for statements indicating
book-entry ownership of Vertex common stock or, if requested, Vertex stock
certificates.
When Aurora stockholders deliver certificates to the exchange
agent along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and any other
required documents, the Aurora stock certificates will be canceled and the
Aurora stockholder will receive statements indicating book-entry ownership of
Vertex common stock or, if requested, Vertex stock certificates representing the
number of full shares of Vertex common stock to which they are entitled under
the merger agreement.
Aurora stockholders will receive payment in cash, without
interest, in lieu of any fractional shares of Vertex stock which would have been
otherwise issuable to them as a result of the merger.

    
You are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on
Vertex common stock until the merger is completed and you have surrendered your
Aurora stock certificates in exchange for Vertex stock certificates.
If there is
any dividend or other distribution on Vertex common stock with a record date
after the date on which the merger is completed and a payment date prior to the
date you surrender your Aurora stock certificates in exchange for Vertex stock
certificates, you will receive the dividend or distribution with respect to the
whole shares of Vertex common stock issued to you promptly after they are
issued.
If there is any dividend or other distribution on Vertex common stock
with a record date after the date on which the merger is completed and a payment
date after the date you surrender your Aurora stock certificates in exchange for
Vertex stock certificates, you will receive the dividend or distribution with
respect to the whole shares of Vertex common stock issued to you promptly after
the payment date.

    
Vertex will only issue Vertex stock certificates or a check in lieu of a
fractional share in a name other than the name in which a surrendered Aurora
stock certificate is registered if you present the exchange agent with all
documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and
show that you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes.

    
AURORA STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SUBMIT THEIR AURORA STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR
EXCHANGE UNTIL THEY RECEIVE THE TRANSMITTAL INSTRUCTIONS AND A FORM OF LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL FROM VERTEX OR THE EXCHANGE AGENT.


TREATMENT OF AURORA'S EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

    Vertex has agreed that all employees of Aurora who continue employment after
the merger will be eligible to participate in the retirement, health, vacation
and other non-equity based employee benefit plans of the surviving corporation
after the merger, and Vertex will be assuming the outstanding rights of Aurora
employees under the Aurora Employee Stock Purchase Plan for the offering period
commencing June 1, 2001.
In addition, after the merger, Aurora employees will be
eligible to participate in Vertex's 1996 Stock and Option Plan.
Vertex may,
however, in its sole discretion, amend or terminate any Aurora employee benefit
plan at any time.
If Vertex terminates such employee benefit plans, employees
will be eligible to participate in Vertex's employee benefit plans, to
substantially the same extent as employees of Vertex in similar positions and at
similar levels.
Aurora employees will receive full credit for purposes of
eligibility and vesting under any employee benefit plans or arrangements for
their service with Aurora and its subsidiaries.
Vertex or the surviving
corporation, as the case may be, will use its best efforts to cause any
applicable insurance carrier to waive all limitations as to preexisting
conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation and
coverage requirements under any employee benefits plans that Aurora employees
may be eligible to participate in after the completion of the merger and will
also credit any co-payments and deductibles paid during the calendar year prior
to the completion of the merger in satisfying any applicable deductible or
out-of-pocket requirements under any employee benefit plans that Aurora
employees may be eligible to participate in after the completion of the merger.


TREATMENT OF AURORA STOCK OPTIONS

    When the merger is completed, each outstanding option to purchase Aurora
common stock (other than options outstanding under Aurora's Non-Employee
Directors' Stock Option Plan) will be assumed by Vertex and converted into and
become a right to purchase Vertex common stock.
Each assumed option will be
governed by the same terms and conditions that governed the applicable Aurora
stock option immediately before the merger except that:

    - each such option will be exercisable for the number of shares of Vertex
      common stock equal to the number of shares of Aurora common stock issuable
      upon exercise of the option multiplied by 0.62, rounded down to the
      nearest whole share;

    - the per share exercise price for the shares of Vertex common stock
      issuable upon the exercise of the assumed option will be equal to the
      exercise price per share of the Aurora option divided by 0.62, rounded up
      to the nearest whole cent; and

    - each option outstanding pursuant to Aurora's Non-Employee Directors' Stock
      Option Plan will, by its terms, become fully vested and immediately
      exercisable prior to and subject to the merger and if not exercised prior
      to the completion of the merger, will terminate as of the completion of
      the merger.

    
Any restrictions on the exercise of such options shall continue, and the
term, vesting schedule and other provisions of each such option shall remain
unchanged.
However, as of March 31, 2001, approximately 4,327,853 shares of
Aurora common stock are subject to outstanding options granted to officers and
employees of Aurora under Aurora's 1996 Stock Plan, which contains a provision
that provides for acceleration of vesting after the merger if, within the period
beginning 60 days before completion of the merger and ending 13 months following
the merger, the optionee is terminated by Vertex without cause or if the
optionee voluntarily terminates his or her employment as a result of a
constructive termination.
On March 31, 2001, excluding outstanding options under
the Aurora Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan, there were options to
purchase 4,586,429 shares of Aurora common stock outstanding at a weighted
average exercise price of $22.05 per share.
On March 31, 2001 there were options
to purchase 78,167 shares of Aurora common stock outstanding under the Aurora
Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan at a weighted average exercise price
of $27.15 per share.

    
Vertex has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to
the shares of Vertex common stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed Aurora
stock options within 20 days after completion of the merger.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

    
The following general discussion summarizes the anticipated material United
States federal income tax consequences of the merger.
This discussion is based
on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the regulations promulgated thereunder,
existing administrative interpretations and court decisions, all of which are
subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, and assumptions,
limitations, representations and covenants, including those contained in
certificates of officers of Vertex, its wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora
expected to be executed as of the completion of the merger.
This discussion does
not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be
important to you in light of your particular circumstances or if you are subject
to special rules, such as rules relating to:

    - stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United States;

    - financial institutions;

    - mutual funds;

    - tax-exempt organizations;

    - insurance companies;

    - dealers in securities;

    - stockholders who acquired their Aurora common stock pursuant to the
      exercise of options or similar derivative securities or otherwise as
      compensation;

    - stockholders whose shares are qualified small business stock for purposes
      of Section 1202 of the Internal Revenue Code; and

    - stockholders who hold their Aurora common stock as part of an integrated
      investment such as a hedge, constructive sale, straddle or other risk
      reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction.

    
This discussion assumes you hold your Aurora common stock as a capital asset
within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.

    
TAX OPINIONS REGARDING THE MERGER.

    
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. has delivered to Vertex
and Cooley Godward LLP has delivered to Aurora, opinions stating that the merger
will qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code.
These opinions assume the absence of changes in
existing facts and rely on assumptions, representations and covenants contained
in these opinions and in certificates executed by officers of Vertex, its
wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora.
These opinions neither bind the Internal
Revenue Service, or IRS, nor preclude the IRS from adopting a position contrary
to that expressed below, and no assurance can be given that contrary positions
will not be successfully asserted by the IRS or adopted by a court if the issues
are litigated.
If either Mintz Levin or Cooley Godward does not render such
opinion, the condition will be satisfied if the other law firm renders its
opinion to both Vertex and Aurora.
Neither Vertex nor Aurora intends to obtain a
ruling from the IRS with respect to the tax consequences of the merger.

    
Assuming the merger constitutes a reorganization, the following tax
consequences will result:

    - Except as discussed below, Aurora stockholders will not recognize gain or
      loss for United States federal income tax purposes when shares of Aurora
      common stock are exchanged for Vertex common stock pursuant to the merger.

    
- The aggregate tax basis of the Vertex common stock received by an Aurora
      stockholder as a result of the merger will be the same as the aggregate
      tax basis in the Aurora common stock surrendered in the exchange, reduced
      by the tax basis of any Aurora common stock for which the Aurora
      stockholder receives cash instead of fractional shares of Vertex common
      stock.

    
- The holding period of the Vertex common stock an Aurora stockholder
      receives as a result of the exchange will include the period during which
      the stockholder held the Aurora common stock exchanged in the merger.

    - Because fractional shares of Vertex common stock will not be issued in the
      merger, Aurora stockholders will recognize capital gain or loss for United
      States federal income tax purposes with respect to the cash received
      instead of fractional share interests in Vertex common stock.
This gain or
      loss will equal the difference between the amount of cash received and the
      tax basis of the Aurora stock surrendered in the merger that is allocated
      to fractional shares.
This gain or loss will be a long-term capital gain
      or loss if the Aurora common stock has been held for more than one year at
      the time the merger is completed.

    - Vertex, its wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora will not recognize gain or
      loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the
      merger.

    
In addition to the foregoing, there are other tax-related issues of which
you should be aware, including:

    - OTHER CONSIDERATION.
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, a
      recipient of Vertex common stock would recognize income to the extent
      that, for example, any such shares were determined to have been received
      in exchange for services, to satisfy obligations or in consideration for
      anything other than the Aurora common stock surrendered.
Generally, such
      income is taxable as ordinary income upon receipt.
In addition, to the
      extent that an Aurora stockholder were treated as receiving, directly or
      indirectly, consideration other than Vertex common stock in exchange for
      such stockholder's Aurora common stock, gain or loss would have to be
      recognized.

    - REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
Each Aurora stockholder that receives Vertex
      common stock in the merger will be required to file a statement with the
      stockholder's federal income tax return setting forth the stockholder's
      basis in the Aurora common stock surrendered and the fair market value of
      the Vertex common stock and cash, if any, received in the merger, and to
      retain permanent records of these facts relating to the merger.

    - BACKUP WITHHOLDING.
Unless an exemption applies under the applicable law
      and regulations and is proved in a manner satisfactory to the exchange
      agent, the exchange agent may be required to withhold and, if required,
      will withhold 31% of any cash payments to an Aurora stockholder in the
      merger unless the stockholder provides the appropriate form.
A stockholder
      should complete and sign the substitute Form W-9 enclosed with the letter
      of transmittal sent by the exchange agent.
This completed form provides
      the information, including the holder's taxpayer identification number,
      and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding.

    - CONSEQUENCES OF IRS CHALLENGE.
In the event of a successful IRS challenge
      to the status of the merger as a reorganization, Aurora stockholders would
      recognize gain or loss with respect to each share of Aurora common stock
      surrendered in the merger.
Such gain or loss would be equal to the
      difference between the stockholder's basis in such shares and the sum of
      the fair

      market value, as of the effective time, of the Vertex common stock
      received.
In such event, a stockholder's aggregate basis in the Vertex
      common stock so received would equal its fair market value as of the
      effective time, and the stockholder's holding period for such stock would
      begin the day after the merger is completed.

    
THIS DISCUSSION IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR DESCRIPTION OF
ALL POTENTIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OR ANY OTHER
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER.
IN ADDITION, THIS DISCUSSION DOES NOT ADDRESS TAX
CONSEQUENCES WHICH MAY VARY WITH, OR ARE CONTINGENT ON, YOUR INDIVIDUAL
CIRCUMSTANCES.
MOREOVER, THIS DISCUSSION DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY NON-INCOME TAX OR
ANY FOREIGN, STATE OR LOCAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER.
ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE
STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT WITH YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR
UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES
TO YOU OF THE MERGER.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

    
We intend to account for the merger as a "pooling of interests" business
combination.
It is a condition to completion of the merger that Vertex be
advised in writing by its independent accountants, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
that they concur with the conclusion of Vertex's management that the merger can
properly be accounted for as a pooling of interests business combination.
It is
also a condition to completion of the merger that Vertex be advised in writing
by Aurora's independent auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, that they concur with
Aurora's management's conclusion as to whether Aurora meets the conditions
necessary for it to enter into the business combination accounted for as a
pooling of interests.
Each of these conditions, however, may be waived.
Under
the pooling of interests method of accounting, each of Vertex's and Aurora's
historical recorded assets and liabilities will be carried forward to the
combined company at their recorded amounts.
In addition, the operating results
of the combined company will include Vertex's and Aurora's operating results for
the entire fiscal year in which the merger is completed and Vertex's and
Aurora's historical reported operating results for prior periods will be
combined and restated as the operating results of the combined company.


REGULATORY MATTERS

    Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, Vertex may
not complete the merger until notifications have been furnished to the Federal
Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, and
the required waiting period has expired or been terminated.
Vertex and Aurora
each intend to file a pre-merger notification and report form with the FTC and
the Antitrust Division on or before May 25, 2001.
We expect that the applicable
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act will expire or be terminated on
or before June 24, 2001.
As a result, the merger will be deemed to have received
antitrust approval and may be consummated, pending compliance with the other
closing conditions.

    
At any time before the completion of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the
FTC or a private person or entity could seek under antitrust laws, among other
things, to enjoin the merger and any time after the completion of the merger, to
cause Vertex to divest itself, in whole or in part, of the surviving corporation
of the merger or of business conducted by the surviving corporation of the
merger.
We cannot assure you that a challenge to the merger will not be made or
that, if a challenge is made, Vertex will prevail.
The obligation of Vertex and
Aurora to complete the merger is subject to the condition that any applicable
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have expired without action
by the Antitrust Division or the FTC to prevent completion of the merger.


RESTRICTIONS ON SALES OF SHARES BY AFFILIATES OF AURORA

    The shares of Vertex common stock to be issued to Aurora stockholders in
connection with the merger will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933
and will be freely transferable under the

Securities Act, except for shares of Vertex common stock issued to any person
who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of Aurora at the time of the Aurora special
meeting and shares issued in exchange for Aurora shares that are subject to a
transfer restriction.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under the common
control of Aurora and may include Aurora's executive officers and directors, as
well as Aurora's significant stockholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares
of Vertex common stock acquired in connection with the merger except pursuant
to:

    - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
      resale of those shares;

    - an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

    - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

    
In addition, the directors and executive officers of Aurora and all other
stockholders who may be deemed affiliates of Aurora have executed affiliate
agreements with Vertex prohibiting the sale, exchange, transfer, pledge or other
disposition of the Aurora common stock held by them or the Vertex common stock
received by them in the merger:

    - during the 30-day period prior to the closing of the merger; and

    - until after the merger when Vertex has published the financial results
      covering at least 30 days of combined operations of Aurora and Vertex.

    
Vertex's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
statement-prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of Vertex
common stock to be received by affiliates of Aurora in the merger.


NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    Vertex stockholders and Aurora stockholders are not entitled to exercise
dissenter's or appraisal rights as a result of the merger or to demand payment
for their shares under applicable law.


LISTING ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET OF THE VERTEX COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN
THE MERGER

    Vertex will use reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of Vertex common
stock to be issued in connection with the merger to be approved for listing on
The Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance, before the
completion of the merger.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF AURORA COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

    When the merger is completed, Aurora common stock will be delisted from The
Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The following summary of the merger agreement is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement, which is incorporated
by reference and attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

    CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.  
Each of Vertex's and Aurora's
obligations to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
specified conditions before completion of the merger, including the following:

    - the declaration of effectiveness of Vertex's registration statement on
      Form S-4, of which this joint proxy statement-prospectus forms a part,
      with no stop order initiated, pending or threatened;

    - the approval and adoption of the merger agreement at the Aurora special
      meeting by at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Aurora common
      stock;

    - the approval of the issuance of the Vertex common stock by at least a
      majority of the shares of Vertex common stock present or represented and
      voting at the Vertex special meeting;

    - the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the
      Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976;

    - the approval for listing on The Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
      Vertex common stock to be issued, or to be reserved for issuance, in
      connection with the merger, subject to official notice of issuance;

    - the absence of any law, order, injunction or proceeding prohibiting or
      seeking to prevent completion of the merger;

    - the receipt of all authorizations, consents, orders, permits or approvals
      of, or declarations or filings with, and all expirations of waiting
      periods imposed by, any governmental authority necessary for completion of
      the merger, other than those which, if not obtained, would not in the
      aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect, as described below, on Vertex or
      Aurora; and

    - the receipt by Vertex of an opinion from its tax counsel, Mintz, Levin,
      Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., and by Aurora of an opinion from
      its tax counsel, Cooley Godward LLP, that the merger will constitute a
      tax-free reorganization under the tax code.

    
Subject to limited exceptions under specified circumstances, "Material
Adverse Effect" means any event, change, effect, occurrence, violation,
inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter, which, either individually or together
with other such matters, had or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on:

    - the business, condition, capitalization, assets, liabilities, operations
      or financial performance of either Vertex or Aurora and its subsidiaries,
      taken as a whole;

    - the ability of either Vertex or Aurora to complete the merger or any of
      the other transactions or obligations of such party as contemplated by the
      merger agreement; or

    - with respect to Vertex only, Vertex's ability to vote, receive dividends
      with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the
      stock of Aurora after the merger is completed.

    
Vertex's obligation to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following additional conditions before completion of the
merger:

    - Aurora's representations and warranties must be true and correct in all
      material respects as of the date of the merger agreement, except that
      Aurora shall have the longer of 20 days or until all other conditions to
      completion of the merger are satisfied to cure any untrue or incorrect
      representation or warranty;

    - Aurora's representations and warranties must be true and correct in all
      material respects as of the date the merger is to be completed, except for
      any failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct
      that would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a Material
      Adverse Effect with respect to Aurora;

    - Aurora must have complied with or performed, in all material respects,
      each of the covenants and obligations required of it by the merger
      agreement;

    - Aurora and its subsidiaries must not have suffered a Material Adverse
      Effect which has not been cured as of the date that all other conditions
      to completion of the merger are satisfied;

    - Vertex must have received from each of Aurora's affiliates an executed
      affiliate agreement;

    - Vertex must have received a letter from Aurora's independent auditors,
      Ernst & Young LLP, to the effect that Ernst & Young concurs with Aurora's
      management's conclusions as to the appropriateness of accounting for the
      merger as a pooling of interests in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles and the regulations and policies of the Securities
      and Exchange Commission;

    - Vertex must have received a letter from its independent accountants,
      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, to the effect that PricewaterhouseCoopers
      concurs with the conclusion of Vertex's management that it may account for
      the merger as a pooling of interests in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles and the regulations and policies of the Securities
      and Exchange Commission; and

    - Vertex must have received resignations from all of the directors of Aurora
      and its subsidiaries.

    
Aurora's obligation to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following additional conditions before completion of the
merger:

    - Vertex's representations and warranties must be true and correct in all
      material respects as of the date of the merger agreement;

    - Vertex's representations and warranties must be true and correct in all
      material respects as of the date the merger is to be completed;

    - Vertex must have complied with or performed, in all material respects,
      each of the covenants and obligations required of it by the merger
      agreement; and

    - from the date of the merger agreement, Vertex must not have suffered a
      Material Adverse Effect that is continuing as of the date that all other
      conditions to completion of the merger are satisfied.

    
NO SOLICITATION OF OTHER PROPOSALS BY AURORA.  
The merger agreement contains
detailed provisions prohibiting Aurora from seeking an alternative transaction.

Under these "no solicitation" provisions, Aurora has agreed that until the
merger agreement is terminated, it will not, nor will it permit any of its
subsidiaries or representatives acting on behalf of its subsidiaries to,
directly or indirectly:

    - solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or induce the making, submission or
      announcement of an Acquisition Proposal, as described below;

    - take any action that would reasonably be expected to lead to an
      Acquisition Proposal;

    - furnish any nonpublic information regarding itself or its subsidiaries in
      connection with or in response to an Acquisition Proposal or an inquiry or
      indication of interest that would reasonably be expected to lead to an
      Acquisition Proposal;

    - engage in discussions or negotiations with respect to any Acquisition
      Proposal;

    - approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

    - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or contract
      contemplating or otherwise relating to an Acquisition Transaction, as
      described below.

    
However, the merger agreement does not prevent Aurora from entering into
discussions, or furnishing confidential information in connection with a
Superior Proposal, as described below, submitted to Aurora if:

    - Aurora's board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation
      with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to do so would create a
      substantial risk of liability for breach of its fiduciary duties to
      Aurora's stockholders; and

    - at least two business days prior to having such discussions, Aurora
      notifies Vertex in writing.

    
"Acquisition Proposal" means an offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of
interest contemplating or relating to an Acquisition Transaction.

    
"Acquisition Transaction" means a transaction or series of transactions
involving a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination,
issuance of securities, acquisition of securities, tender offer, exchange offer
or other similar transaction:

    - involving Aurora or any of its subsidiaries;

    - in which beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more
      than 20% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities
      of Aurora or its subsidiaries is acquired;

    - involving the issuance or sale of more than 20% of the outstanding
      securities of any class of voting securities of Aurora or its
      subsidiaries; or

    - any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition
      of any business or assets, other than in the ordinary course of business,
      that constitute or account for 20% or more of the consolidated net
      revenues, net income or assets of Aurora and its subsidiaries.

    
"Superior Proposal" means an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a
third party to purchase a majority of the outstanding Aurora common stock on
terms that Aurora's board of directors determines, in its reasonable judgment:

    - after consultation with an independent financial advisor, to be more
      favorable from a financial point of view to the Aurora's stockholders than
      the terms of the merger (including any improved terms offered in writing
      by Vertex); and

    - is reasonably capable of being consummated.

    TERMINATION.  
The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
completion of the merger, whether or not stockholder approvals have already been
obtained, as follows:

    - by mutual written consent of Vertex and Aurora;

    - by either Vertex or Aurora if the merger is not completed by September 30,
      2001 (extended to December 31, 2001 if the merger is not completed solely
      due to delays under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
      1976), except that this right to terminate the merger agreement will not
      be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under
      the merger agreement has been the cause of, or has resulted in, the
      failure of the merger to be completed by such date;

    - by either Vertex or Aurora if any governmental authority issues an order,
      decree or ruling or takes any other action permanently restraining,
      enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger, and the order, decree,
      ruling or other action becomes final and nonappealable;

    - by either Vertex or Aurora if the required vote to approve and adopt the
      merger agreement is not obtained at the Aurora special meeting, except
      that this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to
      any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the merger
      agreement has been the cause of, or has resulted in, the failure to obtain
      the approval of the Aurora stockholders;

    - by either Vertex or Aurora if the required vote to approve the issuance of
      the Vertex common stock in connection with the merger is not obtained at
      the Vertex special meeting, except that this right to terminate the merger
      agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any
      obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause of, or has
      resulted in, the failure to obtain the approval of the Vertex
      stockholders;

    - by Vertex, at any time prior to the approval and adoption of the merger
      agreement by the Aurora stockholders, if an Aurora Triggering Event, as
      described below, occurs;

    - by Aurora, at any time prior to the approval of the issuance of the Vertex
      common stock in connection with the merger by the Vertex stockholders, if
      a Vertex Triggering Event, as described below, occurs;

    - by either Vertex or Aurora if the other party breaches or fails to perform
      any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations
      contained in the merger agreement in such a way as to render the
      conditions to the completion of the merger relating to the accuracy of
      representations and warranties and the performance of or compliance with
      obligations and covenants contained in the merger agreement incapable of
      being satisfied on or before the later of 20 days or until all other
      conditions to completion of the merger are satisfied; and

    - by Aurora, if Aurora's board of directors determines in good faith, after
      consultation with outside legal counsel, that the failure to terminate the
      merger agreement would create a substantial risk of liability for breach
      of its fiduciary duties to Aurora's stockholders.

    
PAYMENT OF TERMINATION FEE AND OTHER FEES AND EXPENSES UPON TERMINATION.  
As
set forth in more detail below, the merger agreement requires each of Vertex and
Aurora to pay a termination fee to, and the fees and expenses of, the other
party in specified circumstances.

    
Aurora shall be required to pay a termination fee of $20,000,000 and up to
$1,500,000 of the fees and expenses of Vertex incurred in connection with the
merger if:

    - either Vertex or Aurora terminates the merger agreement because of failure
      to obtain the approval of Aurora stockholders after an Acquisition
      Proposal is made public and within 12 months of the termination, Aurora
      completes a transaction with the party that made the Acquisition Proposal
      or with another party;

    - Vertex terminates the merger agreement due to an Aurora Triggering Event;
      or

    - Aurora terminates the merger agreement after determination that failure to
      do so would create a substantial risk of liability for breach of its
      fiduciary duties to Aurora's stockholders.

    
Vertex shall be required to pay a termination fee of $20,000,000 and up to
$1,500,000 of the fees and expenses of Aurora incurred in connection with the
merger if Aurora terminates the merger agreement due to a Vertex Triggering
Event.

    
"Aurora Triggering Event" means:

    - the failure of Aurora's board of directors to recommend that its
      stockholders vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement, or the
      withdrawal or modification of such recommendation in a manner adverse to
      Vertex;

    - the failure of Aurora to include in this joint proxy statement-prospectus
      its recommendation or a statement to the effect that its board of
      directors has determined that the merger is in the best interests of
      Aurora's stockholders;

    - the failure of Aurora's board of directors to reaffirm, without
      qualification, its recommendation or to publicly state, without
      qualification, that the merger is in the best interests of Aurora's
      stockholders, within five business days after Vertex requests that it do
      so;

    - the approval, endorsement or recommendation of any Acquisition Proposal by
      Aurora's board of directors;

    - the failure of Aurora to hold the Aurora special meeting within sixty days
      after the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
      statement-prospectus forms a part, is declared effective by the Securities
      and Exchange Commission;

    - the commencement of a tender or exchange offer relating to Aurora
      securities and the failure of Aurora to send to its stockholders, within
      ten business days, a statement disclosing that the board of directors
      recommends rejection of such offer;

    - the public announcement of an Acquisition Proposal and the failure of
      Aurora to issue a press release announcing its opposition to such
      Acquisition Proposal within ten business days; or

    - the breach of or taking of any action inconsistent with the provisions set
      forth below in the section titled "Conduct of Aurora's Business Pending
      the Merger.
"

    "Vertex Triggering Event" means:

    - the failure of Vertex's board of directors to recommend that its
      stockholders vote to approve the issuance of the Vertex common stock in
      connection with the merger, or the withdrawal or modification of such
      recommendation in a manner adverse to Aurora;

    - the failure of Vertex to include in this joint proxy statement-prospectus
      its recommendation or a statement to the effect that its board of
      directors has determined that the merger is in the best interests of
      Vertex and its stockholders;

    - the failure of Vertex's board of directors to reaffirm, without
      qualification, its recommendation or to publicly state, without
      qualification, that the merger is in the best interests of Vertex's
      stockholders, within five business days after Aurora requests that it do
      so; or

    - the failure of Vertex to hold the Vertex special meeting within sixty days
      after the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
      statement-prospectus forms a part, is declared effective by the Securities
      and Exchange Commission.

    CONDUCT OF AURORA'S BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER.  
Under the merger
agreement, Aurora has agreed that during the period before completion of the
merger, it will ensure that it and its subsidiaries will conduct business and
operations in the ordinary course in accordance with past practices and in
compliance with the law and the requirements of all material contracts to which
they are a party.
Aurora has also agreed that it will use commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries preserves
intact its current business organization, keeps available the services of its
current officers and employees and maintains its relations and goodwill with all
suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and
others with whom they have business relationships.
Aurora must also maintain all
material insurance policies and provide all notices required by any material
contract.
Prior to the completion of the merger, Aurora must promptly notify
Vertex that it has

received notice from a third party that its consent is required for the merger
or that a legal proceeding has been commenced or threatened in writing that
affects Aurora or any of its subsidiaries.
Aurora shall, if requested by Vertex,
cause its officers to report regularly to Vertex concerning the status of its
business, and shall disclose to Vertex specified matters concerning its
intellectual property.

    
In addition to these agreements regarding the general conduct of its
business, Aurora has agreed to some specific restrictions relating to the
following:

    - the issuance, sale, pledge, disposal of, encumbrance or authorization of
      any shares of capital stock of any class, or any options, warrants,
      convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
      of capital stock of, or any other ownership interest in, Aurora or any of
      its subsidiaries;

    - amendments to its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or the charter
      documents of any of its subsidiaries;

    - adoption of or amendments to any shareholder rights plan or related rights
      agreement;

    - alteration of share capital, including stock splits, combinations or
      reclassifications;

    - declaration or payment of dividend or distributions with respect to its
      common stock;

    - redemption or repurchase of its capital stock;

    - acquisition of stock or assets of, or investments in, other entities;

    - the sale, transfer, lease, license, or sublicense, mortgage, pledge,
      disposal of, encumbrance or grant of material intellectual property
      rights;

    - material amendments to or modifications of existing agreements with
      respect to any material intellectual property rights;

    - incurrence of indebtedness, issuance of debt securities or the assumption,
      guarantee or endorsement of third party obligations;

    - the making of loans or advances;

    - authorization of capital expenditures;

    - hiring or termination of employees, independent contractors or
      consultants;

    - compensation payable to its officers or employees, and employment or
      severance agreements;

    - establishment, adoption or amendment of collective bargaining, bonus,
      profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock,
      pension, benefits, retirement, deferred compensation, employment,
      termination, severance or other plans, agreements or arrangements for the
      benefit of any current or former directors, officers or employees;

    - changes in accounting policies or procedures;

    - encumbrance of any material assets;

    - entrance into, modification or amendment of, or waiver or release of
      rights with respect to specified material contracts;

    - the making of tax elections, settlements or compromises of tax liabilities
      or agreements to extend statute of limitations;

    - the taking of any actions that would result in the acceleration of vesting
      rights for options for Aurora's common stock;

    - settlement of any material litigation or waiver, assignment or release of
      material rights or claims;

    - transactions or agreements with directors or officers of Aurora and its
      subsidiaries;

    - the taking of any actions which would reasonably be expected to adversely
      affect or delay the ability to obtain any consent or approval required to
      complete the merger;

    - the taking of any actions to cause the Aurora common stock to be delisted
      from The Nasdaq National Market;

    - payments of investment banking, financial advisory or other similar fees;
      and

    - the taking of any actions which would cause any of Aurora's
      representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement to become
      inaccurate in any material respect.

    
CONDUCT OF VERTEX'S BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER.  
Under the merger
agreement, Vertex has agreed that during the period before completion of the
merger it will ensure that it will conduct its business and operations in the
ordinary course in accordance with past practices and in compliance with the law
and the requirements of all of its material contracts.
Vertex has also agreed
that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it preserves
intact its current business organization, keeps available the services of its
current officers and employees and maintains its relations and goodwill with all
suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and
others with whom they have business relationships.
Prior to the completion of
the merger, Vertex must promptly notify Aurora that a legal proceeding has been
commenced or threatened in writing that affects Vertex.

    
In addition to these agreements regarding the general conduct of its
business, Vertex has agreed to some specific restrictions relating to the
following:

    - actions which would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or delay
      the ability to obtain any consent or approval required to complete the
      merger;

    - the taking of any actions to cause the Vertex common stock to be delisted
      from The Nasdaq National Market; and

    - the taking of any actions which would cause any of Vertex's
      representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement to become
      inaccurate in any material respect.

    EXPENSES.  
Except as otherwise set forth above, upon termination of the
merger agreement in specified circumstances, all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such
expenses, whether or not the merger is completed, except that Vertex and Aurora
shall share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys' fees, incurred
in connection with:

    - the filing, printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement-prospectus
      and the registration statement on Form S-4, of which it forms a part;

    - the filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
      1976; and

    - the filing of any notice or other document under any applicable foreign
      antitrust law or regulation.

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
The merger agreement contains
representations and warranties given by Aurora and its subsidiaries relating, to
among other things:

    - corporate organization and qualification to do business;

    - subsidiaries of Aurora;

    - charter documents and by-laws;

    - authority to enter into and binding nature of the merger agreement;

    - capitalization;

    - documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
      financial statements included in those documents;

    - absence of conflicts;

    - consents required for the merger;

    - absence of specified changes in Aurora's business between December 31,
      2000 and the date of the merger agreement;

    - identification of material receivables;

    - loans to employees and directors;

    - identification of major customers;

    - leased real property and equipment;

    - intellectual property;

    - specified material contracts;

    - product sales and performance of services;

    - absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    - compliance with legal requirements;

    - absence of specified unlawful business practices;

    - governmental consents, approvals, orders and authorizations in connection
      with the merger;

    - filing of tax returns, payment of taxes and other tax related matters;

    - employee and labor matters and employee benefit plans;

    - environmental matters;

    - insurance;

    - transactions with affiliates;

    - absence of undisclosed litigation;

    - absence of other discussions with respect to an Acquisition Proposal;

    - the treatment of the merger as a pooling of interests;

    - the required vote of Aurora stockholders to approve and adopt the merger
      agreement;

    - inapplicability of anti-takeover statutes;

    - receipt of a fairness opinion from Goldman Sachs;

    - payment of fees to financial advisors in connection with the merger; and

    - the accuracy and completeness of all matters disclosed, and to be
      disclosed, in connection with the merger.


The representations and warranties given by Aurora in the merger agreement do
not survive completion of the merger.

    
The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties given by
Vertex relating, to among other things:

    - corporate organization and qualification to do business;

    - subsidiaries of Vertex;

    - charter documents and by-laws;

    - authority to enter into and binding nature of the merger agreement;

    - capitalization;

    - documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
      financial statements included in those documents;

    - absence of specified changes in Vertex's business between December 31,
      2000 and the date of the merger agreement;

    - compliance with governmental regulations with respect to Vertex's
      products;

    - intellectual property;

    - absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    - compliance with legal requirements;

    - governmental consents, approvals, orders and authorizations in connection
      with the merger;

    - absence of undisclosed litigation;

    - absence of other discussions with respect to an Acquisition Proposal;

    - the treatment of the merger as a pooling of interests;

    - the required vote of Vertex stockholders to approve the issuance of the
      Vertex common stock in the merger;

    - receipt of a fairness opinion from Merrill Lynch;

    - the valid issuance of the Vertex common stock in connection with the
      merger;

    - the activities of Vertex's wholly-owned subsidiary; and

    - the accuracy and completeness of all matters disclosed, and to be
      disclosed, in connection with the merger.


The representations and warranties given by Vertex in the merger agreement do
not survive completion of the merger.

    
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized.
You are urged to read carefully ARTICLE 2 of the
merger agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of the Company" and
ARTICLE 3 of the merger agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of
Parent and Merger Sub."

    AMENDMENT.  
The merger agreement may be amended with the approval of the
boards of directors of Vertex, its wholly-owned subsidiary and Aurora at any
time, except that:

    - after the approval and adoption of the merger agreement by Aurora's
      stockholders, no amendment shall be made which requires further approval
      of Aurora's stockholders without further approval; and

    - after the approval of the issuance of the Vertex common stock in
      connection with the merger by Vertex's stockholders, no amendment shall be
      made which requires further approval of Vertex's stockholders without
      further approval.


AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS

    Vertex and Aurora must use all reasonable efforts to obtain from all of
their executive officers and directors, and all of their other stockholders who
may be deemed affiliates, executed affiliate agreements providing that they will
not sell, exchange, transfer, pledge, dispose of or otherwise reduce their risk
with respect to any of the shares of Vertex common stock or Aurora common stock
they own during the period beginning 30 days prior to the completion of the
merger and ending on the date that

Vertex has published financial results covering at least 30 days of combined
operations of Vertex and Aurora.
Additionally, the affiliate agreements executed
by the officers, directors and other affiliates of Aurora contain
representations that such Aurora affiliates will not offer, sell, exchange,
transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of Vertex common stock
except:

    - in conformity with the requirements of Rule 145 under the Securities Act;

    - upon receipt by Vertex of an opinion letter that no registration is
      required in connection with the transaction;

    - pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act;
      or

    - pursuant to a written "no-action" letter from the staff of the Securities
      and Exchange Commission that it would not recommend that the Securities
      and Exchange Commission take action with respect to the proposed
      transaction.


STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS

    
As an inducement to Vertex to enter into the merger agreement, on April 29,
2001, all of Aurora's directors and executive officers, who own an aggregate of
869,279 shares of Aurora common stock, or approximately 3.9% of the outstanding
Aurora common stock as of April 29, 2001, entered into stockholder agreements
with Vertex.
These stockholder agreements provide that each of these directors
and executive officers (1) agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of
any of their Aurora common stock until the earlier of the completion of the
merger or the termination of the merger agreement and (2) to appoint specified
officers of Vertex as their proxy for any matters concerning the merger.
The
proxy holders agreed that they will vote such shares of Aurora common stock in
favor of approval and adoption of the merger agreement.
The proxy terminates
upon the earlier of the completion of the merger or the termination of the
merger agreement.

    
As an inducement to Aurora to enter into the merger agreement, on April 29,
2001, all of Vertex's directors and executive officers, who own an aggregate of
1,160,885 shares of Vertex common stock, or approximately 2% of the outstanding
Vertex common stock as of April 29, 2001, entered into stockholder agreements
with Aurora.
These stockholder agreements provide that each of these directors
and executive officers (1) agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of
any of their Vertex common stock until the earlier of the completion of the
merger or the termination of the merger agreement and (2) to appoint specified
officers of Aurora as their proxy for any matters concerning the merger.
The
proxy holders agreed that they will vote such shares of Vertex common stock in
favor of the issuance of Vertex common stock in connection with the merger.
The
proxy terminates upon the earlier of the completion of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement.


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

    The following officers of Aurora have entered into employment agreements
with Aurora that will become effective upon completion of the merger and will be
guaranteed by Vertex:

    - Harry Stylli, Aurora's Senior Vice President, Commercial Development;

    - Thomas Klopack, Aurora's Senior Vice President and Chief Operating
      Officer;

    - Paul Negulescu, Aurora's Senior Vice President, Discovery Biology;

    - Christopher Krueger, Aurora's Vice President, Strategic Alliances and
      General Counsel;

    - John Pashkowsky, Aurora's Vice President, Finance and Treasurer; and

    - Pamela Fritz, Aurora's Vice President, Human Resources.


Each of these agreements provide for the following:

    - base salary and benefits;

    - a retention bonus payable in installments provided that certain
      integration milestones are achieved and that the employee is not
      terminated for cause and does not resign other than for good reason;

    - a performance bonus pursuant to Aurora's current 2001 Annual Bonus
      Performance Plan, based on objectives to be determined;

    - consideration for a grant of options to purchase Vertex common stock at a
      level commensurate with similarly situated executive employees of Vertex;

    - continued vesting of existing stock options; and

    - in the event of termination without cause or a resignation for good reason
      within 18 months of completion of the merger, payment of any unpaid
      portion of the retention bonus, plus a lump sum severance payment, in the
      amounts indicated below, plus payment of COBRA premiums for up to one
      year.


The specific terms of the individual agreements are as follows:

    HARRY STYLLI.  
If the merger is completed, Dr. Stylli will serve as Aurora's
President and will be entitled to receive (1) a $250,000 annual base salary, (2)
a $250,000 retention bonus and (3) subject to the conditions described above, a
severance payment equal to one year's salary plus his most recent annual bonus.

In addition, if Dr. Stylli is terminated without cause or resigns for good
reason more than 18 months after the closing of the merger, he will receive a
severance payment equal to six months' salary.

    
THOMAS KLOPACK.  
If the merger is completed, Mr. Klopack will serve as
Aurora's Senior Vice President of Operations and Chief Operating Officer and
will be entitled to receive (1) a $240,250 annual base salary, (2) a $250,000
retention bonus, and (3) subject to the conditions described above, a severance
payment equal to one year's salary plus his most recent annual bonus.
In
addition, upon the closing of the merger, Aurora will forgive a loan to Mr.
Klopack in the original amount of $60,000, $30,000 of which is currently
outstanding.

    
PAUL NEGULESCU.  
If the merger is completed, Dr. Negulescu will serve as
Aurora's Senior Vice President, Discovery Biology and as a Vertex Senior
Research Fellow and will be entitled to receive (1) a $200,000 annual base
salary, (2) a $250,000 retention bonus, and (3) subject to the conditions
described above, a severance payment equal to one year's salary plus his most
recent annual bonus.

    
CHRISTOPHER KRUEGER.  
If the merger is completed, Mr. Krueger will serve as
Aurora's Vice President, Business Development and will be entitled to receive
(1) a $210,000 annual base salary, (2) a $175,000 retention bonus, and (3)
subject to the conditions described above, a severance payment equal to six
months' salary plus fifty percent of his most recent annual bonus.

    
JOHN PASHKOWSKY.  
If the merger is completed, Mr. Pashkowsky will serve as
Aurora's Vice President, Finance and will be entitled to receive (1) a $164,580
annual base salary, (2) a $175,000 retention bonus, and (3) subject to the
conditions described above, a severance payment equal to six months' salary plus

fifty percent of his most recent annual bonus.

    
PAMELA FRITZ.  
If the merger is completed, Ms. Fritz will serve as Aurora's
Vice President, Human Resources and will be entitled to receive (1) $160,000
annual base salary, (2) a $100,000 retention bonus, and (3) subject to the
conditions described above, a severance payment equal to six months' salary plus

fifty percent of her most recent annual bonus.

    
In addition, Stuart J.M. Collinson, Aurora's Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer and President, has also entered into an employment agreement
with Aurora that will become effective upon completion of the merger and will be
guaranteed by Vertex.
Under this agreement, Dr. Collinson will cease to serve as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Aurora upon completion of the merger.

For

a period of six months following the merger, Dr. Collinson will remain an
employee of Aurora on the following terms:

    - an annual base salary of $385,000;

    - consideration for a grant of options to purchase Vertex common stock, at a
      level commensurate with similarly situated executive employees of Vertex;

    - a retention bonus of $169,486, payable six months following the completion
      of the merger, provided that Dr. Collinson's employment has not been
      earlier terminated for cause or by Dr. Collinson other than for good
      reason;

    - in return for execution of a Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition and
      Inventions Agreement, payment of $800,000, payable in installments;

    - continued vesting of existing stock options in accordance with Aurora's
      1996 Stock Plan; and

    - appointment to the Vertex board of directors in the class of directors
      whose term expires in 2002, with a commitment by Vertex and its board of
      directors to renominate him for one additional three-year term.

    
Upon expiration of the six-month period following the merger, Dr.
Collinson's employment will automatically terminate and he will be retained as a
part-time consultant for a term of four years, at the rate of $80,000 per year.

    
Upon the automatic termination of Dr. Collinson's employment, or if he is
earlier terminated without cause or resigns for good reason: (1) he will receive
payment of the above-referenced retention bonus, (2) his unvested stock options
will immediately vest pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement with
Aurora dated December 7, 1999, (3) he will receive reimbursement of reasonable
expenses of relocation to the United Kingdom incurred within twelve months
following termination, and (4) a loan for $132,000 payable to Aurora will be
forgiven.
Dr. Collinson will also receive COBRA payments for up to eighteen
months.

OPERATIONS AFTER THE MERGER

    Following the merger, Aurora will continue its operations as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Vertex and will retain the name Aurora Biosciences Corporation.

After completion of the merger, Aurora's management will remain unchanged,
except that Dr. Collinson will cease to serve as President and Chief Executive
Officer and Dr. Stylli will become President of Aurora.
Vertex's management and
the membership of its board of directors will remain unchanged as a result of
the merger, except that the number of seats on the board of directors will be
increased by one and Dr. Collinson will be appointed to Vertex's board of
directors for one year, with a commitment by Vertex and its board of directors
to renominate him for an additional three-year term.

    
Upon completion of the merger, the stockholders of Aurora will become
stockholders of Vertex, and their rights as stockholders will be governed by
Vertex's restated articles of organization, as amended, Vertex's amended and
restated by-laws and the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
See the
section entitled "Comparison of Rights of Holders of Aurora Common Stock and
Vertex Common Stock" that begins on page 78 of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

               
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    
The following unaudited pro forma combined financial information gives
effect to the merger using the pooling of interests method of accounting, after
giving effect to the pro forma adjustments described in the accompanying notes.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial information should be read in
conjunction with the audited historical consolidated financial statements and
related notes of Vertex and Aurora, which are incorporated by reference into
this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
The audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto of Aurora are included in its current
report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 2001, which is incorporated by reference into
this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

    
The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations give effect to the
merger as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented.
The
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for each year in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2000 combine the audited historical
consolidated statements of operations of Vertex for each year in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2000 included in its annual report on Form 10-K and
the audited consolidated statements of operations of Aurora for each year in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2000 included in its current report on
Form 8-K dated May 18, 2001.
The unaudited pro forma combined statements of
operations for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 combine the
unaudited historical consolidated statements of operations of Vertex for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 and the unaudited historical
consolidated statements of operations of Aurora for the three months ended March
31, 2001 and 2000 as found in their respective filings on Form 10-Q.

    The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet gives effect to the
merger as if it had occurred on March 31, 2001.
The unaudited pro forma combined
condensed balance sheet combines the unaudited condensed historical consolidated
balance sheets of Vertex and Aurora as of March 31, 2001.
We intend to account
for the merger as a pooling of interests business combination.
Upon completion
of the merger, each outstanding share of Aurora common stock will be converted
into 0.62 of a share of Vertex common stock and the stockholders of Aurora will
become stockholders of Vertex.
The pro forma balance sheet as of March 31, 2001
reflects $15.45 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in
stockholders' equity representing estimated expenses to be incurred in
connection with the merger--mainly advisor, legal and accounting fees and
expenses.
These costs have not been reflected in the pro forma statements of
operations for any period; they will be reflected in the statement of operations
during the accounting period in which the merger is consummated.

    
The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for
illustrative purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of the
operating results or financial position that would have actually occurred if the
merger had been in effect on the dates indicated, nor is it necessarily
indicative of future operating results or financial position of the merged
companies.
The pro forma adjustments are based on the information and
assumptions available at the time of the printing of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

                      
VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED
                        PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                                 MARCH 31, 2001
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                            PRO FORMA    PRO FORMA
                                                      VERTEX     AURORA    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                     --------   
--------   -----------   ---------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)

                           ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents........................  $222,662   $ 10,367    $      --    $233,029
  Short-term investments, available for sale.......   100,674     61,752           --     162,426
  Accounts receivable..............................     7,615     20,681           --      28,296
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets........     
2,327      8,070           --      10,397
                                                     --------   --------    ---------    --------
    Total current assets...........................   
333,278    100,870           --     434,148
Property and equipment, net........................    
36,063     20,913           --      56,976
Long-term investments, available for sale..........   361,535     30,194           --     391,729
Other assets.......................................    38,668     13,944           --      52,612
                                                     --------   --------    ---------    --------
    Total assets...................................  $769,544   $165,921    $      --    $935,465
                                                     ========   ========    =========    ========
            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses............  $ 18,512   $ 12,396    $  15,450(1) $ 46,358
  Deferred revenue.................................    11,174     12,209           --      23,383
  Other current liabilities........................     
2,186      5,305           --       7,491
                                                     --------   --------    ---------    --------
    Total current liabilities......................    
31,872     29,910       15,450      77,232
Other noncurrent liabilities.......................     
1,966      9,293           --      11,259
Convertible subordinated notes.....................   345,000         --           --     345,000
                                                     --------   --------    ---------    --------
    Total liabilities..............................   378,838     39,203       15,450     433,491
                                                     --------   --------    ---------    --------
Stockholders' equity...............................   390,706    126,718      (15,450)(1)  501,974(2)
                                                     --------   --------    ---------    --------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity.....  $769,544   $165,921    $      --    $935,465
                                                     ========   ========    =========    ========

- ------------------------

(1) Reflects estimated expenses of $15.45 million in connection with the
    merger--mainly advisor, legal and accounting fees and expenses.


(2) Reflects the conversion of 22.5 million shares of Aurora common stock to
    14.0 million shares of Vertex common stock based on the exchange ratio in
    the merger agreement.

                      
VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED
                   PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                       THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                                             PRO
                                                                              PRO FORMA     FORMA
                                                        VERTEX     AURORA    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                       --------   
--------   -----------   
--------
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Revenues:
  Royalties and product sales........................  $ 2,513    $    --    $       --    $  2,513
  Discovery service and technology revenues..........       --     17,521            --      17,521
  Collaborative and other research and development
    revenues.........................................   
16,544         --            --      16,544
                                                       -------    -------    ----------    --------
    Total revenues...................................   19,057     17,521            --      36,578

Operating expenses:
  Royalties and product costs........................      837         --            --         837
  Cost of discovery service and technology
    revenues.........................................       --      9,004            --       9,004
  Research and development...........................   26,119      5,844            --      31,963
  Sales, general and administrative..................    7,496      5,739            --      13,235
                                                       -------    -------    ----------    --------
    Total operating expenses.........................   34,452     20,587            --      55,039
                                                       -------    
-------    ----------    
--------
Net loss from operations.............................  
(15,395)    (3,066)           --     (18,461)
                                                       -------    
-------    ----------    --------
Interest income and other, net.......................   11,299      1,771            --      13,070
Interest expense.....................................   (4,774)      (229)           --      (5,003)
                                                       -------    -------                  --------
Loss before taxes....................................   (8,870)    (1,524)           --     (10,394)
                                                       -------    
-------    ----------    
--------
Provision for income taxes...........................       --       (198)           --        (198)
Net loss.............................................  $(8,870)   $(1,722)   $       --    $(10,592)
                                                       =======    =======    ==========    ========
Basic and diluted net loss per common share..........  $ (0.15)   $ (0.08)                 $  (0.14)
                                                       =======    =======                  ========
Basic and diluted weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding.................................   60,011     22,437                    73,922

                      VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED
                   PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                       THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                              PRO FORMA    PRO FORMA
                                                        VERTEX     AURORA    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                       --------   --------   -----------   ---------
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Revenues:
  Royalties and product sales........................  $  2,619    $   --      $    --     $  2,619
  Discovery service and technology revenues..........        --    15,287           --       15,287
  Collaborative and other research and development
    revenues.........................................     
5,513        --           --        5,513
                                                       --------    
------      -------     
--------
    Total revenues...................................     8,132    15,287           --       23,419

Operating expenses:
  Royalties and product costs........................       
872        --           --          872
  Cost of discovery service and technology
    revenues.........................................        --     8,996           --        8,996
  Research and development...........................    
18,604     2,956           --       21,560
  Sales, general and administrative..................     
6,577     4,036           --       10,613
                                                       --------    ------      -------     --------
    Total operating expenses.........................    26,053    15,988           --       42,041
                                                       --------    ------      -------     --------

Net loss from operations.............................   (17,921)     (701)          --      (18,622)
                                                       --------    ------      -------     --------
Interest income and other, net.......................     3,243     1,189           --        4,432
Interest expense.....................................      (891)     (277)          --       (1,168)
Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiary........        19        --           --           19
                                                       --------    ------      -------     --------

Income (loss) before taxes...........................   (15,550)      211           --      (15,339)
                                                       --------    ------      -------     
--------
Provision for income taxes...........................        --       (57)          --          (57)
                                                       --------    ------      -------     --------
Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principle............................   (15,550)      154           --      (15,396)
                                                       --------    ------      -------     --------

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle..........................................    (3,161)       --           --       (3,161)
                                                       
--------    ------      
-------     --------
Net income (loss)....................................  
$(18,711)   $  154      $    --     $(18,557)
                                                       
========    ======      =======     ========
Basic net income (loss) per common share before
  cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle..........................................  $  (0.30)   $ 0.01                  $  (0.24)
Diluted net income (loss) per common share before
  cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle..........................................  $  (0.30)   $ 0.01                  $  (0.24)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle -
  basic..............................................  $  (0.06)       --                  $  (0.05)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle -
  diluted............................................  $  (0.06)       --                  $  (0.05)
                                                       --------    ------                  --------
Basic net income (loss) per common share.............  $  (0.36)   $ 0.01                  $  (0.29)
                                                       ========    ======                  ========
Diluted net income (loss) per common share...........  $  (0.36)   $ 0.01                  $  (0.29)
                                                       ========    ======                  ========
Basic weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding........................................    51,928    20,320                    64,526
Diluted weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding........................................    51,928    23,230                    64,526

                      VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED
                   PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                             PRO FORMA    PRO FORMA
                                                       VERTEX     AURORA    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                      --------   
--------   -----------   ---------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Revenues:
  Royalties and product sales.......................  $ 12,036   $    --      $    --     $ 12,036
  Discovery service and technology revenues.........        --    75,155           --       75,155

  Collaborative and other research and development
    revenues........................................    
66,091        --           --       66,091
                                                      --------   -------      -------     
--------
    Total revenues..................................    78,127    75,155           --      153,282

Operating expenses:
  Royalties and product costs.......................     4,082        --           --        4,082
  Cost of discovery service and technology
    revenues........................................        --    39,563           --       39,563
  Research and development..........................    
84,921    16,172           --      101,093
  Sales, general and administrative.................    
27,806    18,181           --       45,987
                                                      --------   -------      -------     
--------
    Total operating expenses........................   
116,809    73,916           --      190,725
                                                      --------   -------      -------     
--------

Net income (loss) from operations...................   (38,682)    1,239           --      (37,443)
                                                      --------   -------      -------     
--------
Interest income and other, net......................    27,679     5,633           --       33,312
Interest expense....................................   (24,944)   (1,084)          --      (26,028)

Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary.......      (550)       --           --         (550)
                                                      --------   -------      -------     
--------

Income (loss) before taxes..........................   (36,497)    5,788           --      (30,709)
                                                      --------   -------      -------     
--------
Provision for income taxes..........................        --      (870)          --         (870)
                                                      --------   -------      -------     --------
Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principle...........................   (36,497)    4,918           --      (31,579)
                                                      --------   -------      -------     --------

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle.........................................    (3,161)       --           --       (3,161)
Net income (loss)...................................  $(39,658)  $ 4,918      $    --     $(34,740)
                                                      
========   =======      =======     ========
Basic net income (loss) per common share before
  cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle.........................................  $  (0.67)  $  0.23                  $  (0.47)
Diluted net income (loss) per common share before
  cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle.........................................  $  (0.67)  $  0.20                  $  (0.47)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle--basic..................................  $  (0.06)       --                  $  (0.04)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle--diluted................................  $  (0.06)       --                  $  (0.04)
                                                      --------   -------                  --------
Basic net income (loss) per common share............  $  (0.73)  $  0.23                  $  (0.51)
                                                      
========   =======                  ========
Diluted net income (loss) per common share..........  $  (0.73)  $  0.20                  $  (0.51)
                                                      ========   =======                  ========
Basic weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding.......................................    54,322    21,548                    67,682
Diluted weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding.......................................    54,322    24,094                    67,682

                      VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED
                   PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                             PRO FORMA    PRO FORMA
                                                       VERTEX     AURORA    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                      --------   
--------   -----------   ---------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Revenues:
  Royalties and product sales.......................  $  8,053   $    --    $       --    $  8,053
  Discovery service and technology revenues.........        --    58,327            --      58,327

  Collaborative and other research and development
    revenues........................................    
42,507        --            --      42,507
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------
    Total revenues..................................    50,560    58,327            --     108,887

Operating expenses:
  Royalties and product costs.......................     2,925        --            --       2,925
  Cost of discovery service and technology
    revenues........................................        --    31,656            --      31,656
  Research and development..........................    
72,180    12,849            --      85,029
  Sales, general and administrative.................    26,131    14,787            --      40,918
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------
    Total operating expenses........................   101,236    59,292            --     160,528
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------
Net loss from operations............................   (50,676)     (965)           --     (51,641)
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------
Interest income and other, net......................    11,088     1,866            --      12,954
Interest expense....................................      (654)   (1,050)           --      (1,704)
Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary.......      (724)       --            --        (724)
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------
Loss before taxes...................................   (40,966)     (149)           --     (41,115)
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------

Provision for income taxes..........................        --       (39)           --         (39)
                                                      --------   -------    -----------   --------
Net loss............................................  
$(40,966)  $  (188)   $       --    $(41,154)
                                                      ========   =======    ===========   ========
Basic and diluted net loss per common share.........  $  (0.80)  $ (0.01)                 $  (0.66)
                                                      ========   =======                  ========
Basic and diluted weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding................................    51,036    18,655                    62,602

                      VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED
                   PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                            PRO FORMA    PRO FORMA
                                                      VERTEX     AURORA    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                     --------   
--------   -----------   ---------
                                                       (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Revenues:
  Discovery service and technology revenues........  
$     --   $ 33,511   $       --    $ 33,511
  Collaborative and other research and development
    revenues.......................................    29,055         --           --      29,055
                                                     --------   --------   -----------   --------
    Total revenues.................................    29,055     33,511           --      62,566

Operating expenses:
  Cost of discovery service and technology
    revenues.......................................        --     27,110           --      27,110
  Research and development.........................    58,668     18,204           --      76,872
  Sales, general and administrative................    18,135      8,100           --      26,235
                                                     --------   --------   -----------   --------
    Total operating expenses.......................    76,803     53,414           --     130,217
                                                     --------   --------   -----------   --------

Net loss from operations...........................   (47,748)   (19,903)          --     (67,651)
                                                     --------   --------   -----------   --------
Interest income and other, net.....................    
15,343      2,510           --      17,853
Interest expense...................................      (681)      (740)          --      (1,421)
                                                     
--------   --------   -----------   --------
Loss before taxes..................................   (33,086)   (18,133)          --     (51,219)
                                                     --------   --------   -----------   --------
Benefit for income taxes...........................        --        212           --         212
                                                     --------   --------   -----------   --------
Net loss...........................................  
$(33,086)  $(17,921)  $       --    $(51,007)
                                                     
========   ========   ===========   ========
Basic and diluted net loss per common share........  $  (0.65)  $  (1.00)                $  (0.83)
                                                     ========   ========                 ========
Basic and diluted weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding...............................    50,598     17,972                   61,741

      COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF AURORA STOCKHOLDERS AND VERTEX STOCKHOLDERS

    Aurora is a Delaware corporation subject to the provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, or DGCL.
Vertex is a Massachusetts corporation subject
to the provisions of the Massachusetts Business Corporation Law, or MBCL.

Aurora's stockholders' rights are currently governed by Aurora's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and Aurora's amended and restated by-laws,
or Aurora's charter and by-laws, and the DGCL.
However, upon completion of the
merger, Aurora's stockholders will become stockholders of Vertex and their
rights will be governed by Vertex's restated articles of organization, as
amended, and Vertex's amended and restated by-laws, or Vertex's charter and
by-laws, and the MBCL.

    
The following description summarizes the material differences which may
affect the current rights of stockholders of Aurora and Vertex but is not a
complete statement of all such differences, or a complete description of the
specific provisions referred to in this summary.
You are encouraged to read
carefully the relevant provisions of the MBCL, the DGCL, Vertex's charter and
by-laws, and Aurora's charter and bylaws.


CAPITALIZATION

    AURORA.  
The total authorized capital stock of Aurora consists of (1)
150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and (2)
7,500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.
As of the
record date, there were       shares of Aurora common stock outstanding and no
shares of Aurora preferred stock outstanding.

    VERTEX.  
The total authorized shares of capital stock of Vertex consist of
(1) 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (2)
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.
As of the record
date, there were       shares of Vertex common stock outstanding and no shares
of Vertex preferred stock outstanding.


VOTING RIGHTS

    AURORA.  
Each holder of Aurora common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of directors.

    VERTEX.  
Each holder of Vertex common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of directors.


NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

    AURORA.  
Aurora's board of directors currently consists of seven members.

Aurora's charter and by-laws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed
exclusively by Aurora's board of directors.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex's board of directors currently consists of seven members.

Vertex's by-laws state that the number of directors shall be fixed by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, but shall not be
less than three nor more than nine persons.
Upon completion of the merger, the
number of directors will be increased to eight, and Stuart J.M. Collinson, the
current Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Aurora,
will be appointed as a director of Vertex.


CLASSIFICATION OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    AURORA.  
The DGCL permits, but does not require, a classified board of
directors, divided into as many as three classes with staggered terms under
which one half or one-third of the directors are elected for terms of two or
three years.
Aurora's charter does not provide for the classification of its
board of directors.
Accordingly, each director holds office for one year and
until the director's successor has been elected (or until the director's prior
death, resignation or removal).

    VERTEX.  
Vertex's charter and by-laws provide that the board of directors
shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with
each class having a three-year term.


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

    AURORA.  
Directors of Aurora may be removed from office for cause by the
holders of a majority of outstanding stock entitled to vote at an election of
directors, or removed without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least 66 2/3% of the outstanding stock entitled to vote at an election of
directors.

    VERTEX.  
Directors of Vertex may be removed from office, but only for cause,
by a majority of shares entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Any
director may also be removed from office for cause by vote of a majority of the
directors then in office.


FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    AURORA.  
A vacancy or newly created directorship resulting from death,
resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause and any newly created
directorship resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled
by a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum.
The board
of directors of Aurora may also determine by resolution that any such vacancies
shall be filled by stockholders.

    VERTEX.  
A vacancy or newly created directorship, whether resulting from an
increase in the size of the board of directors, the death, resignation,
disqualification, removal of a director or other cause may be filled solely by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office,
even if less than a quorum.


AMENDMENTS TO CHARTER

    AURORA.  
Under the DGCL, a corporation's charter may be amended by approval
of the board of directors and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for the amendment, unless a higher
vote is required by the corporation's charter.
Aurora's charter provides that
the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting shares,
voting as a single class, is required to alter, amend or repeal the provisions
of Aurora's charter related to:

    - election, nomination and removal of directors;

    - amendment of Aurora's by-laws;

    - indemnification of directors; and

    - amendment of Aurora's charter.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex's charter generally may be amended by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for the
amendment.
However, Vertex's charter also requires (1) the affirmative vote of
holders of at least 80% of the outstanding shares of Vertex's capital stock
entitled to vote in an election of directors, voting as a single class, to amend
provisions related to election, nomination and removal of directors, and (2) the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, to amend the
charter in any manner which would materially alter or change the powers,
preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect
them adversely.

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

    AURORA.  
Under the DGCL, the power to amend the by-laws rests with the
stockholders entitled to vote, although the certificate of incorporation may
give the board of directors power to amend the by-

laws.
Aurora's charter provides that Aurora's by-laws may be amended, altered or
repealed and new by-laws may be adopted, by the board of directors or the
affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the
outstanding shares of Aurora voting stock.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex's by-laws generally may be amended, altered or repealed and
new by-laws may be adopted, by a vote of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Vertex stock entitled to vote, or except with respect to any provision
which requires action by the stockholders, by a vote of a majority of the
directors then in office.
However, the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least 80% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, amend,
adopt any provision inconsistent with, or repeal any provision of the by-laws
concerning election, nomination, and removal of directors, vacancies on the
board of directors, or the amendment requirements.


SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

    AURORA.  
A special meeting of Aurora's stockholders may be called, for any
purpose, only by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the
board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total
number of authorized directors.

    VERTEX.  
A special meeting of Vertex's stockholders may be called by the
Chairman of the Board, the President, or the board of directors.
A special
meeting may also be called by the Clerk, or any other officer in the Clerk's
absence or refusal, upon the written application of stockholders holding at
least 40% of the Vertex capital stock entitled to vote at the proposed meeting.


ACTION BY CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS

    AURORA.  
Under the DGCL, unless a company's certificate of incorporation
specifies otherwise, stockholders may execute an action by written consent in
lieu of a stockholder meeting.
Aurora's charter provides that actions by written
consent of the stockholders are prohibited.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex stockholders may act by unanimous written consent.


INSPECTION RIGHTS

    AURORA.  
By law, every stockholder of record has the right to examine for
any proper purpose a Delaware corporation's stock ledger, a list of its
stockholders and its other books and records.

    VERTEX.  
By law, stockholders have the right for a proper purpose to inspect
a Massachusetts corporation's charter, by-laws, records of all meetings of
incorporators and stockholders, and stock and transfer records, including the
stockholder list.
Additionally, stockholders have a qualified right to inspect
other books and records of a Massachusetts corporation.


LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS

    AURORA.  
Aurora's charter provides that no director of Aurora shall be
personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director.
However, no such provision will eliminate the liability of a director
for:

    - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Aurora or its
      stockholders;

    - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
      misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

    - violation of the provisions of the DGCL regarding unlawful payment of
      dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions; or

    - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
      benefit.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex's charter provides that no Vertex director shall be
personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director.
However, this provision will not eliminate the liability of a Vertex
director for:

    - any breach of the director's loyalty to Vertex or its stockholders;

    - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
      misconduct or a knowing violation of laws;

    - any violation of the provisions of the MBCL regarding unlawful
      distributions to stockholders, or unlawful loans to directors, officers
      and stockholders; or

    - for any transactions from which the director derived an improper personal
      benefit.


INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    AURORA.  
Aurora's by-laws provide that Aurora shall indemnify its directors
and executive officers to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL,
provided that Aurora may limit the extent of such indemnification by individual
contracts with its directors and executive officers and that Aurora shall not be
required to indemnify any director or executive officer in connection with any
proceeding initiated by such person or any proceeding by such person against
Aurora or its directors, officers, employees or other agents unless (1) such
indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (2) the proceeding was
authorized by the board of directors, or (3) such indemnification is provided by
Aurora, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in it under the
DGCL.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex's by-laws provide that Vertex shall indemnify each of its
directors and officers against all liabilities and expenses, including amounts
paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromise, or as fines and penalties, and
counsel fees reasonably incurred by such director or officer in connection with
the defense or disposition of any action, suit, or other proceeding, whether
civil or criminal, in which such director or officer may be involved or with
which such person may be threatened, while in office or thereafter, by reason of
such person's being or having been such a director, officer, or trustee.

However, indemnification will not apply with respect to any matter as to which
such director or officer shall have been adjudicated in any proceeding not to
have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that such director's or
officer's action was in the best interest of Vertex or, to the extent that such
matter relates to service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in the best
interest of the participants or beneficiaries of such employee benefit plan.


STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLANS

    AURORA.  
Pursuant to a Rights Agreement dated April 2, 2001, as amended on
April 29, 2001, each holder of Aurora common stock as of April 17, 2001 is
entitled to receive one right for each share of common stock held.
These rights
expire ten years from the date of adoption of the Rights Agreement.

    
Each right entitles the holder thereof, upon the occurrence of certain
events, to purchase one one-hundredth of a share of newly-created Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Aurora for a purchase price equal to
$200.00 per right.
These rights initially trade with the common stock, but
detach from the common stock and become exercisable (1) in the event a person or
affiliated group acquires 15% or more of the Aurora's outstanding common stock,
or (2) ten business days after the commencement (or public announcement of the
intention to commence) by a person or affiliated group of a tender offer or
exchange offer for 15% or more of the Aurora's outstanding common stock.
In
addition, in the event a person or affiliated group acquires 15% of more of the
Aurora's outstanding common stock, the holders of rights will be entitled, in
lieu of purchasing shares of Series A Preferred Stock, to purchase shares of
Aurora common stock from the Company at a 50% discount.

    
If after the rights are exercisable, Aurora is acquired in a business
combination transaction or 50% or more of its assets are sold, each holder of a
right will then be allowed to purchase at the purchase price a number of shares
of the acquiring company's common stock which at the time of the transaction has
a market value of twice the purchase price.

    
The Aurora's board of directors may terminate the Rights Agreement or redeem
the rights for $0.001 per right at any time prior to the time a person or
affiliated group acquires 15% or more of the Aurora's common stock.

    
On April 29, 2001, the Rights Agreement was amended to provide for the
exclusion of the merger as a transaction that would trigger any rights under the
agreement.

    VERTEX.  
Pursuant to a Rights Agreement dated July 1, 1991, as amended on
February 21, 1997, each outstanding share of Vertex common stock has an
associated preferred share purchase right that entitles the holder to purchase
from Vertex one half of one-hundredth of a share of Vertex's Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value, at a purchase price of $135,
subject to adjustment for stock splits and other recapitalization events.
The
Rights Agreement will expire by its terms on June 30, 2001.
On May 8, 2001, the
board of directors of Vertex met and voted to amend the Rights Agreement to
extend the term of the Rights Agreement through June 30, 2011.
As of the date
hereof, the amendment has not been effectuated.
These rights are not currently
exercisable, but will become exercisable upon the earlier of:

    - ten days following the acquisition by a person, group or entity of 15% or
      more of Vertex's outstanding common stock; or

    - ten business days following the commencement of a tender or exchange
      offer, the consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership
      by a person, group of persons or entity of 15% or more of Vertex's
      outstanding common stock.

    
When exercisable, each right permits its holder to purchase that number of
shares of Vertex's common stock equal in value to twice the purchase price.
The
acquiror that triggers the exercisability of the rights cannot exercise or
transfer their rights.
Additionally, if after the rights are exercisable, Vertex
is acquired in a business combination transaction or 50% or more of its assets
are sold, each holder of a right will then be allowed to purchase at the
purchase price a number of shares of the acquiring company's common stock which
at the time of the transaction has a market value of twice the purchase price.

    
At any time after any person, group or entity triggers the exercisability of
the right and prior to the acquisition by such person, group or entity of 50% or
more of the outstanding common stock, Vertex's board of directors may cause the
rights (other than rights owned by such person, group or entity) to be
exchanged, in whole or in part, for common stock or junior preferred shares, at
an exchange rate of one share of common stock per right or one half of
one-hundredth of a junior preferred share per right.

    
At any time prior to the rights becoming exercisable, Vertex's board of
directors may redeem the rights in whole at a price of $.01 per right.


RELEVANT BUSINESS COMBINATION PROVISIONS AND STATUTES

    AURORA.  
The DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15% or more of the
stock of a Delaware corporation, such person may not engage in certain
transactions with the corporation for a period of three years.
The statute
contains certain exceptions to this prohibition.
If, for example, the board of
directors approves the acquisition of stock or the transaction prior to the time
that the person becomes an interested stockholder, or if the interested
stockholder acquires at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation
(excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain
employee

stock plans) in one transaction, or if the transaction is approved by the board
of directors and the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the holders of the
outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder at a
meeting of the stockholders, then the prohibition on business combinations is
not applicable.

    VERTEX.  
The MBCL provides that, if a person acquires 5% or more of the
stock of a Massachusetts corporation, such person may not engage in certain
transactions with the corporation for a period of three years.
The statute
contains certain exceptions to this prohibition.
If, for example, the board of
directors approves the subject transaction prior to the time that the person
becomes an interested stockholder, or if the interested stockholder acquires 90%
of the voting stock of the corporation (excluding voting stock owned by
directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans) in one
transaction, or if the transaction is approved by the board of directors and by
the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the holders of the outstanding voting
stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder at a meeting of the
stockholders, then the prohibition on business combinations is not applicable.

    
Under the Massachusetts Control Share Acquisition Statute, a person who
acquires beneficial ownership of shares of stock of a corporation in a threshold
amount equal to greater than one-fifth, one-third, or a majority of the voting
stock of the corporation (a "control share acquisition"), must obtain the
approval of a majority of shares entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors (excluding (1) any shares owned by such person acquiring or proposing
to acquire beneficial ownership of shares in a control share acquisition, (2)
any shares owned by any officer of the corporation and (3) any shares owned by
any employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation) in
order to vote the shares that such person acquires in crossing the foregoing
thresholds.
The statute does not require that such person consummate the
purchase before the stockholder vote is taken.
The Massachusetts Control Share
Acquisition statute permits, to the extent authorized by a corporation's
articles of organization or by-laws, redemption of all shares acquired by an
acquiring person in a control share acquisition for fair value (which is to be
determined in accordance with procedures adopted by the corporation) if (1) no
control share acquisition statement is delivered by the acquiring person or (2)
a control share acquisition statement has been delivered and voting rights were
not authorized for such shares by the stockholders in accordance with applicable
law.
If the stockholders authorize voting rights and after such control share
acquisition the acquiring person beneficially owns shares entitling such person
to vote, or direct the voting of, shares having a majority or more of all voting
power in the election of directors, each stockholder who did not vote in favor
of authorizing the voting rights may demand payment for his shares and appraisal
rights.

               
ADDITIONAL PROPOSAL FOR THE VERTEX SPECIAL MEETING
                  TO AMEND VERTEX'S 1996 STOCK AND OPTION PLAN

GENERAL

    Vertex's board of directors adopted the 1996 Stock and Option Plan, or the
Plan, in December 1996.
Under the Plan, Vertex may grant:

    - options intended to qualify as incentive stock options, or ISOs, under
      Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code;

    - non-qualified stock options, or NQSOs; and

    - awards of shares of Vertex common stock or the opportunity to make a
      direct purchase of shares of Vertex common stock, or Stock Awards.


Any of these stock rights may be granted under the Plan to employees of Vertex
and its subsidiaries, including officers and directors who are employees.

Consultants, advisors and non-employee directors of Vertex and its subsidiaries
are eligible to receive NQSOs and Stock Awards under the Plan.
As of May 17,
2001, approximately 480 employees and directors of Vertex and its subsidiaries
were eligible to receive stock rights under the Plan.
Upon completion of the
merger, approximately 350 Aurora employees will be eligible to receive stock
rights under the Plan.


AMENDMENT TO THE PLAN

    Due to the increase in the number of persons eligible to receive stock
rights under the Plan upon completion of the merger, on May 17, 2001 Vertex's
board of directors adopted an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of
shares of Vertex common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan by 3,000,000,
from 13,000,000 to a total of 16,000,000.
This amendment is being submitted for
stockholder approval at the Vertex special meeting to ensure continued
qualification of the Plan under the Internal Revenue Code's rules relating to
ISOs.
If the merger is approved by both the Vertex stockholders and the Aurora
stockholders, but the amendment to the Plan is not approved by the Vertex
stockholders, the amendment to the Plan as approved by the board of directors
will remain in effect, but any options that are granted relating to the
additional shares must be granted as NQSOs.
Vertex's board of directors believes
that the increase is advisable to give Vertex the flexibility needed to attract,
retain and motivate employees, directors and consultants after the merger is
completed.

    
As of March 31, 2001, stock options to purchase 8,068,212 shares of common
stock were outstanding under the Plan, with exercise prices ranging from $7.66
to $93.12.
These options have expiration dates ranging from December 12, 2006 to
December 21, 2010.
As of the same date, after giving effect to this amendment,
6,310,209 shares of Vertex common stock remained available for the grant of
additional stock rights under the Plan.
On       , 2001, the last sales price
for Vertex's common stock reported on The Nasdaq National Market was $      .

The number of shares subject to the Plan is subject to adjustment in the case of
a stock split, stock dividend, combination, recapitalization or similar
transaction.

    
As of March 31, 2001, unexercised options for 1,577,809 shares of Vertex
common stock were outstanding under the Vertex 1991 Stock Option Plan, and
17,652 shares remained available for the granting of additional options under
that plan.
As of the same date, unexercised options for 1,871,498 shares of
Vertex common stock were outstanding under the Vertex 1994 Stock and Option
Plan, and 106,539 shares of Vertex common stock remained available for the
granting of additional options and stock awards under that plan.
The number of
shares authorized for issuance under the Plan will be increased by the number of
shares reserved for options under the 1991 Stock Option Plan and the 1994 Stock
and Option Plan but not granted, if any.


DESCRIPTION OF MATERIAL FEATURES OF THE PLAN

    Vertex's compensation committee administers the Plan.
Subject to the
provisions of the Plan, the compensation committee has the authority to
determine the persons to whom stock rights will be granted, the number of shares
to be covered by each stock right, the exercise price per share and the manner
of exercise, and the terms and conditions upon which stock rights are granted.

The compensation committee may also accelerate the vesting schedule of any stock
option, and is generally responsible for interpreting the provisions of the
Plan.

    
Stock options may not be granted under the Plan at a price less than the
fair market value of Vertex common stock on the date of grant.
ISOs granted
under the Plan must expire not more than ten years from the date of grant.
No
participant may be granted options in any calendar year for the purchase of more
than 400,000 shares of Vertex common stock, subject to adjustment in the event
of certain stock dividends, stock splits and other corporate events.
Stock
Awards may be granted on such terms and conditions as are approved by the
compensation committee, provided that the purchase price per share cannot be
less than the par value per share of the Vertex common stock.
Stock Awards under
the Plan must be subject to restrictions on transfer and a right of repurchase
by Vertex, which shall vest over a period of not less than three years from the
date of grant, or until the later of one year after the date of grant or the
achievement of specified performance objectives approved by the compensation
committee.

    
ISOs granted under the Plan are exercisable during the optionholder's
lifetime only by the optionholder and are not transferable except by will or by
the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to qualified domestic relations
orders or otherwise by law.

    
Each newly elected non-employee director of Vertex is automatically granted
a NQSO to purchase 20,000 shares of Vertex common stock, at a purchase price
equal to the fair market value per share of Vertex's common stock on the date of
election of such director.
These options vest in equal quarterly installments
over a period of four years from the date of grant.
In addition, each
non-employee director serving in office on June 1 of any year is granted a NQSO
to purchase 7,500 shares of Vertex common stock at an exercise price equal to
the fair market value per share of Vertex's common stock on the date of grant.

These options are fully exercisable immediately upon grant and have a term of
ten years.

    
In the event of certain consolidations or acquisitions of Vertex or a sale
of substantially all of Vertex's assets, either:

    - the compensation committee shall provide for the surviving or acquiring
      entity or an affiliate to assume the outstanding options or grant
      replacement options on an equitable basis as determined by the
      compensation committee; or

    - if there is no such assumption or substitution, all outstanding options
      shall become fully exercisable immediately prior to the acquisition,
      notwithstanding any restrictions or vesting conditions set forth in the
      option agreements.

    
The Plan may be amended by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors or
the compensation committee.
No amendment may adversely affect the rights of any
participant to whom stock rights have previously been granted without that
participant's consent.


FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    STOCK OPTIONS.  
Options granted under the Plan may be either ISOs which
satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or NQSOs
which are not intended to meet such requirements.
The federal income tax
treatment for the two types of options differs as follows:

       ISOS.
No taxable income is recognized by the optionee at the time of the
       option grant, and no taxable income is generally recognized at the time
       the option is exercised.
The optionee will, however, recognize taxable
       income in the year in which the purchased shares are sold or otherwise
       made the subject of a taxable disposition.
For federal tax purposes,
       dispositions are divided into two categories: qualifying and
       disqualifying.
A qualifying disposition occurs if the sale or other
       disposition is made after the optionee has held the shares for more than
       two years after the option grant date and more than one year after the
       exercise date.
If either of these two holding periods is not satisfied,
       then a disqualifying disposition will result.

       
Upon a qualifying disposition of the shares, the optionee will recognize
       long-term capital gain in an amount equal to the excess of the amount
       realized upon the sale or other disposition of the purchased shares over
       the exercise price paid for those shares.
If there is a disqualifying
       disposition of the shares, then the excess of the fair market value of
       the shares on the exercise date (or the amount realized on a
       disqualifying sale, if less) over the exercise price paid for those
       shares will be taxable as ordinary income to the optionee; any additional
       gain or loss recognized upon the disposition will be taxable as a capital
       gain or loss.

       NQSOS.
No taxable income is recognized by an optionee upon the grant of a
       NQSO.
The optionee will in general recognize ordinary income, in the year
       in which the option is exercised, equal to the excess of the fair market
       value of the purchased shares on the exercise date over the exercise
       price paid for the shares, and the optionee will be required to satisfy
       the tax withholding requirements applicable to such income.

    
Vertex will generally be entitled to an income tax deduction equal to the
amount of ordinary income recognized by the optionee with respect to the
exercise of a NQSO or the disqualifying disposition of an ISO.
The deduction
will in general be allowed for the taxable year of Vertex in which such ordinary
income is recognized by the optionee.

    STOCK AWARDS.  
Under the Stock Awards feature of the Plan, an eligible
individual may be granted a specified number of shares of Vertex common stock.

However, vested rights to such stock must be made subject to certain
restrictions or conditioned on the attainment of certain performance goals.
If
the recipient violates any of the restrictions during the period specified by
the compensation committee or the performance standards fail to be satisfied,
the shares may be forfeited.

    
A recipient of a Stock Award will recognize ordinary income equal to the
fair market value of the Vertex common stock at the time the restrictions lapse,
less any amount which the recipient paid for the stock.
However, instead of
postponing the income tax consequences of a Stock Award, the recipient may elect
to include the fair market value of the Vertex common stock (less any purchase
price paid) in income in the year the award is granted.
This election is made
under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code by filing a written notice with
the Internal Revenue Service.
In general, Vertex will be entitled to a deduction
for federal income tax purposes equal to the amount of compensation recognized
by the recipient at such time as the recipient recognizes such income.

    
The tax treatment of the subsequent disposition of restricted stock will
depend upon whether the recipient has made a Section 83(b) election to include
the value of the Vertex common stock in income when awarded.
If the recipient
makes a Section 83(b) election, any disposition thereafter will result in a
capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the selling price of the
Vertex common stock and the fair market value of the Vertex common stock on the
date of grant.
If no Section 83(b) election is made, any disposition will result
in a capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the selling price of
the Vertex common stock and the fair market value of the Vertex common stock on
the date the restrictions lapsed.


OPTION INFORMATION

    Options for 7,500 shares each will be granted under the Plan to all
non-employee directors who continue to serve as directors on June 1, 2002
(currently six persons).
The number of additional shares or options, if any,
that will be granted to executive officers and directors under the Plan is
indeterminable at this time, since any such grants are subject to the discretion
of the compensation committee.
However, pursuant to employment agreements with
seven Aurora officers that will become effective upon completion of the merger
and are guaranteed by Vertex, upon completion of the merger, Vertex will
consider grants of options to these officers to purchase Vertex common stock at
a level commensurate with similarly situated employees of Vertex.
In addition,
Dr. Collinson will become a member of Vertex's board of directors upon the
closing of the merger and will be eligible to receive the annual 7,500 share
non-employee director stock option grant under the Plan after the end of his
employment with Aurora and for so long as he remains a member of Vertex's board
of directors.

    
THE VERTEX BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE
AMENDMENT TO THE 1996 STOCK AND OPTION PLAN AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.
THE AFFIRMATIVE
VOTE OF THE HOLDERS OF AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OF VERTEX COMMON STOCK
PRESENT OR REPRESENTED AND VOTING AT THE VERTEX SPECIAL MEETING IS REQUIRED TO
APPROVE THE AMENDMENT.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

    
The validity of the shares of Vertex common stock offered by this joint
proxy statement-prospectus and the federal tax consequences of the merger will
be passed upon for Vertex by Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo,
P.C., Boston, Massachusetts.

    
Cooley Godward LLP, San Diego, California, will pass upon federal income tax
consequences of the merger for Aurora.

                                    
EXPERTS

    The consolidated financial statements incorporated in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for Vertex
Pharmaceuticals Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2000, have been so
incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

    
The consolidated financial statements of Aurora at December 31, 2000 and
1999, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000
included in Aurora's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2001 with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP,
independent auditors, as set forth in their report which is incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus, which, as to December 31
1999 and the two years ended December 31, 2000, are based in part on the report
of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent auditors, and as to the year ended December
31, 1998 are based in part on the report of KPMG LLP, independent auditors.
The
consolidated financial statements referred to above are incorporated by
reference in reliance upon such reports given on the authority of such firms as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

    Neither Vertex nor Aurora presently intends to bring any matters other than
those described in this document before its special meeting.
Further, neither
Vertex nor Aurora has any knowledge of any other matters that may be introduced
by other persons.
If any other matters do properly come before either company's
special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of either company's special
meeting, the persons named in the enclosed proxy forms of Vertex or Aurora, as
applicable, will vote the proxies in keeping with their judgment on such
matters.

                             
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

    Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, stockholders may present
proper proposals for inclusion in a company's proxy statement and for
consideration at the next annual meeting of its stockholders by submitting their
proposals to the company in a timely manner.

    VERTEX.  
Vertex has already held its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
In
order to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for Vertex's 2002
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, stockholder proposals must be received by Vertex
no later than December 4, 2001.
In addition, if Vertex does not receive notice
of any matter to be considered for presentation at its 2002 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, although not included in the proxy statement, by February 17,
2002, its proxy holders will have the right to exercise discretionary voting
authority with respect to the proposal, if presented at the meeting, without
including information regarding the proposal in its proxy materials.

    
Stockholder nominations for election to the board of directors at the 2002
Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be submitted to the Clerk no later than
February 7, 2002 and must include: (1) the name and address of the stockholder
who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated;
(2) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of Vertex

common stock entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or
by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the
notice; (3) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person
or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by
the stockholder; (4) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by
such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed
pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; and (5)
the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of Vertex if so elected.

    
Proposals should be sent to the attention of the Clerk at Vertex's offices
at 130 Waverly Street, Cambridge, MA 02139-4242.

    AURORA.  
Aurora has already held its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Aurora will hold an annual meeting in 2002 only if the merger has not already
been completed.
In order to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement
for Aurora's 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, stockholder proposals must be
received by Aurora no later than December 24, 2001.
The deadline for submitting
a stockholder proposal or a nomination for director that is not to be included
in the proxy statement is also December 24, 2001.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

    This joint proxy statement-prospectus incorporates documents by reference
which are not presented in or delivered with this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

    
All documents filed by Vertex and Aurora pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c),
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and before the date of each company's special meeting are
incorporated by reference into and are deemed to be a part of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus from the date of filing of those documents.

    
You should rely only on the information contained in this document or that
which we have referred you to.
Neither Vertex nor Aurora has authorized anyone
to provide you with any additional information.

    
The following documents, which have been filed by Vertex with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC file number 000-19319), are incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement-prospectus:

    - Vertex's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
      2000 (filing date March 26, 2001);

    - Vertex's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
      March 31, 2001 (filing date May 15, 2001);

    - Vertex's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (filing date April 3, 2001);

    - Vertex's Current Report on Form 8-K for the April 29, 2001 event (filing
      date April 30, 2001); and

    - The description of Vertex's common stock contained in Vertex's
      Registration Statement on Form 8-A (filing date May 30, 1991).

    
The following documents, which were filed by Aurora with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC file number 0-22669), are incorporated by reference
into this joint proxy statement-prospectus:

    - Aurora's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
      2000 (filing date March 15, 2001);

    - Aurora's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
      March 31, 2001 (filing date May 11, 2001);

    - Aurora's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (filing date April 18, 2001);

    - Aurora's Current Report on Form 8-K for the February 7, 2001 event (filing
      date February 7, 2001);

    - Aurora's Current Report on Form 8-K for the March 1, 2001 event (filing
      date March 7, 2001);

    - Aurora's Current Report on Form 8-K for the April 2, 2001 event (filing
      date April 5, 2001);

    - Aurora's Current Report on Form 8-K for the April 29, 2001 event (filing
      date April 30, 2001); and

    - Aurora's Current Report on Form 8-K for the March 1, 2001 event (filing
      date May 18, 2001), which contains financial statements and related
      information that restate and supercede the financial statements and
      related information in Aurora's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
      year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 15, 2001.

    
Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement-prospectus will be
deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this joint
proxy statement-prospectus or any other subsequently filed document that is
deemed to be incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement-prospectus modifies or supersedes the statement.
Any statement so
modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded,
to constitute a part of this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

    
The documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement-prospectus are available from us upon request.
We will provide a copy
of any and all of the information that is incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus to any person, without charge, upon written or
oral request.
If exhibits to the documents incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus are not themselves specifically incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus, then the exhibits will not
be provided.
ANY REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE MADE BY       , 2001 TO ENSURE
TIMELY DELIVERY OF THE DOCUMENTS.

    REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS RELATING TO VERTEX SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO:

    Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, 130 Waverly Street, Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02139-4242, Attention: Investor Relations.
Telephone: (617)
577-6000.
e-mail: InvestorInfo@vpharm.com.

    
REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS RELATING TO AURORA SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO:

    Aurora Biosciences Corporation, 11010 Torreyana Road, San Diego, California
92121, Attention: Investor Relations.
Telephone: (858) 404-6600.
e-mail:
ir@aurorabio.com.

    
Vertex and Aurora file reports, proxy statements and other information with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Copies of these reports, proxy
statements and other information may be

inspected and copied at the public reference facility maintained by the
Securities and Exchange Commission at:

                                Judiciary Plaza
                                   Room 1024
                             450 Fifth Street, N.W.
                              Washington, DC 20549

    Reports, proxy statements and other information concerning Vertex and Aurora
may be inspected at:

                         The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.
                              1735 K Street, N.W.
                              Washington, DC 20006

    Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference Room of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 450
Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the Securities and
Exchange Commission at l-800-SEC-0330.
The Securities and Exchange Commission
maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding each of us.
The address of the Securities and Exchange
Commission website is http://www.sec.gov.

    
Vertex has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities
Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to Vertex's common
stock to be issued in the merger.
This joint proxy statement-prospectus
constitutes the prospectus of Vertex filed as part of the registration
statement.
This joint proxy statement-prospectus does not contain all of the
information set forth in the registration statement because certain parts of the
registration statement are omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The registration statement and its
exhibits are available for inspection and copying as set forth above.

    
If you have any questions about the merger, please call either Vertex
Investor Relations at (617) 577-6000 or Aurora Investor Relations at (858)
404-6600.

    
This joint proxy statement-prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell,
or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, the securities offered by this joint
proxy statement-prospectus, or the solicitation of a proxy, in any jurisdiction
to or from any person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to make such offer,
solicitation of an offer or proxy solicitation in such jurisdiction.
Neither the
delivery of this joint proxy statement-prospectus nor any distribution of
securities pursuant to this joint proxy statement-prospectus shall, under any
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the
information set forth or incorporated into this joint proxy statement-prospectus
by reference or in our affairs since the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.
The information contained in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus with respect to Vertex was provided by Vertex and the
information contained in this joint proxy statement-prospectus with respect to
Aurora was provided by Aurora.

                STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

    The Securities and Exchange Commission encourages companies to disclose
forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company's
future prospects and make informed investment decisions.
This joint proxy
statement-prospectus contains such "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These
statements may be made directly in this joint proxy statement-prospectus
referring to Vertex and Aurora, and they may also be made a part of this joint
proxy statement-prospectus by reference to other documents filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission by Vertex and Aurora, which is known as
"incorporation by

reference."
These statements may include statements regarding the period
following completion of the merger.

    
Words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expects," "projects," "intends,"
"plans," "believes" and words and terms of similar substance used in connection
with any discussion of future operating or financial performance, or the merger
of Vertex and Aurora, identify forward-looking statements.
All forward-looking
statements are management's present expectations of future events and are
subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
In
addition to the risks related to the businesses of Vertex and Aurora, the
factors relating to the merger discussed under "Risk Factors," among others,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those described on the
forward-looking statements.
Stockholders are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only of the date of this
joint proxy statement-prospectus or the date of the document incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
Neither Vertex nor Aurora is
under any obligation, and each expressly disclaims any obligation, to update or
alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.

    
For additional information about factors that could cause results to differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please see
the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the annual reports on Form 10-K that
Vertex and Aurora have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

    
All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to Vertex or Aurora
or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section.

                                    
ANNEX A
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                     among:

                      VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED,
                          a Massachusetts corporation;

                          AHAB ACQUISITION SUB, INC.,
                          a Delaware corporation; and

                        AURORA BIOSCIENCES CORPORATION,
                            a Delaware corporation.

                            
------------------------

                           Dated as of April 29, 2001

                            ------------------------

                               

                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                      --------

ARTICLE 1  THE MERGER...............................................................      
1

  Section 1.1           MERGER OF MERGER SUB INTO THE COMPANY.......................      1
  Section 1.2           EFFECT OF THE MERGER........................................      
1
  Section 1.3           CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME.....................................      1
  Section 1.4           CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS; DIRECTORS AND
                        OFFICERS....................................................      2
  Section 1.5           CONVERSION OF SECURITIES....................................      2
  Section 1.6           CLOSING OF THE COMPANY'S TRANSFER BOOKS.....................      3
  Section 1.7           EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES....................................      3
  Section 1.8           TAX CONSEQUENCES............................................      4
  Section 1.9           ACCOUNTING CONSEQUENCES.....................................      4
  Section 1.10          FURTHER ACTION..............................................      5

ARTICLE 2  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY............................      5

  Section 2.1           DUE ORGANIZATION; SUBSIDIARIES; ETC.........................      5
  Section 2.2           CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS.....................      5
  Section 2.3           AUTHORITY; INAPPLICABILITY OF ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTES;
                        BINDING NATURE OF AGREEMENT.................................      5
  Section 2.4           CAPITALIZATION, ETC.........................................      6
  Section 2.5           SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...........................      7
  Section 2.6           NON-CONTRAVENTION; CONSENTS.................................      8
  Section 2.7           ABSENCE OF CHANGES..........................................      9
  Section 2.8           TITLE TO ASSETS.............................................     10
  Section 2.9           RECEIVABLES; EMPLOYEE LOANS; CUSTOMERS......................     10
  Section 2.10          REAL PROPERTY; EQUIPMENT; LEASEHOLD.........................     11
  Section 2.11          INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.......................................     11
  Section 2.12          CONTRACTS...................................................     13
  Section 2.13          SALE OF PRODUCTS; PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES...................     15
  Section 2.14          LIABILITIES.................................................     15
  Section 2.15          COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS..........................     16
  Section 2.16          CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES..................................     
16
  Section 2.17          GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATIONS.................................     
16
  Section 2.18          TAX MATTERS.................................................     
16
  Section 2.19          EMPLOYEE AND LABOR MATTERS; BENEFIT PLANS...................     17
  Section 2.20          ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.......................................     20
  Section 2.21          INSURANCE...................................................     21
  Section 2.22          TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES................................     21
  Section 2.23          LEGAL PROCEEDINGS; ORDERS...................................     21
  Section 2.24          NO EXISTING DISCUSSIONS.....................................     21
  Section 2.25          ACCOUNTING MATTERS..........................................     22
  Section 2.26          VOTE REQUIRED...............................................     22
  Section 2.27          SECTION 203 OF THE DGCL NOT APPLICABLE......................     
22
  Section 2.28          FAIRNESS OPINION............................................     
22
  Section 2.29          FINANCIAL ADVISOR...........................................     
22
  Section 2.30          FULL DISCLOSURE.............................................     
22

ARTICLE 3  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER
            SUB.....................................................................     23

  Section 3.1           DUE ORGANIZATION; SUBSIDIARIES; ETC.........................     23

                                       i

                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                      --------

  Section 3.2           ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION AND BYLAWS.........................     23
  Section 3.3           AUTHORITY; BINDING NATURE OF AGREEMENT......................     23
  Section 3.4           CAPITALIZATION, ETC.........................................     23
  Section 3.5           SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...........................     24
  Section 3.6           NON-CONTRAVENTION; CONSENTS.................................     24
  Section 3.7           ABSENCE OF CHANGES..........................................     25
  Section 3.8           PRODUCTS; GOVERNMENT COMPLIANCE.............................     26
  Section 3.9           INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.......................................     27
  Section 3.10          LIABILITIES.................................................     28
  Section 3.11          COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS..........................     
28
  Section 3.12          GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATIONS.................................     
28
  Section 3.13          LEGAL PROCEEDINGS; ORDERS...................................     28
  Section 3.14          NO EXISTING DISCUSSIONS.....................................     28
  Section 3.15          ACCOUNTING MATTERS..........................................     29
  Section 3.16          VOTE REQUIRED...............................................     29
  Section 3.17          FAIRNESS OPINION............................................     29
  Section 3.18          VALID ISSUANCE..............................................     29
  Section 3.19          MERGER SUB..................................................     29
  Section 3.20          FULL DISCLOSURE.............................................     29
  Section 3.21          TAXES.......................................................     29

ARTICLE 4  CERTAIN COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND PARENT..............................     30

  Section 4.1           ACCESS AND INVESTIGATION....................................     30
  Section 4.2           OPERATION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS.........................     31
  Section 4.3           OPERATION OF PARENT'S BUSINESS..............................     34
  Section 4.4           NO SOLICITATION.............................................     34

ARTICLE 5  ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES......................................     36

  Section 5.1           REGISTRATION STATEMENT; JOINT PROXY STATEMENT...............     36
  Section 5.2           COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING...............................     37
  Section 5.3           PARENT STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING................................     37
  Section 5.4           REGULATORY APPROVALS........................................     38
  Section 5.5           STOCK OPTIONS...............................................     39
  Section 5.6           EMPLOYEE BENEFITS...........................................     40
  Section 5.7           INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS...................     41
  Section 5.8           POOLING OF INTERESTS........................................     42
  Section 5.9           DISCLOSURE..................................................     42
  Section 5.10          AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS........................................     42
  Section 5.11          TAX MATTERS.................................................     42
  Section 5.12          LETTER OF THE COMPANY'S ACCOUNTANTS.........................     43
  Section 5.13          LISTING.....................................................     43
  Section 5.14          SECTION 16B-3...............................................     43
  Section 5.15          EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.......................................     43
  Section 5.16          RIGHTS AGREEMENTS...........................................     43
  Section 5.17          TERMINATION OF CHANGE IN CONTROL BONUS PLAN.................     
43

ARTICLE 6  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY........................     
44

  Section 6.1           EFFECTIVENESS OF FORM S-4 REGISTRATION STATEMENT............     44
  Section 6.2           STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL........................................     44
  Section 6.3           HSR ACT.....................................................     44

                                       ii

                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                      --------

  Section 6.4           LISTING.....................................................     44
  Section 6.5           NO RESTRAINTS; LEGALITY.....................................     44
  Section 6.6           REGULATORY MATTERS..........................................     44
  Section 6.7           TAX OPINIONS................................................     44

ARTICLE 7  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND
            MERGER SUB..............................................................     45

  Section 7.1           ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS.................................     45
  Section 7.2           PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS....................................     45
  Section 7.3           CONSENTS....................................................     45
  Section 7.4           NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT..................................     
45
  Section 7.5           AGREEMENTS AND DOCUMENTS....................................     46

ARTICLE 8  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY........................     
46

  Section 8.1           ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS.................................     46
  Section 8.2           PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS....................................     47
  Section 8.3           NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT..................................     47

ARTICLE 9  TERMINATION..............................................................     47

  Section 9.1           TERMINATION.................................................     47
  Section 9.2           EFFECT OF TERMINATION.......................................     48
  Section 9.3           EXPENSES; TERMINATION FEES..................................     49

ARTICLE 10  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS................................................     50

  Section 10.1          AMENDMENT...................................................     50
  Section 10.2          WAIVER......................................................     50
  Section 10.3          
NO SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............     
50
  Section 10.4          ENTIRE AGREEMENT; COUNTERPARTS..............................     50
  Section 10.5          APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION................................     50
  Section 10.6          DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE.........................................     51
  Section 10.7          ATTORNEYS' FEES.............................................     51
  Section 10.8          ASSIGNABILITY...............................................     51
  Section 10.9          NOTICES.....................................................     51
  Section 10.10         COOPERATION.................................................     52
  Section 10.11         CONSTRUCTION................................................     52

                                      iii

                                    EXHIBITS

Exhibit A               Certain Definitions

Exhibit B               Form of Affiliate Agreement

Exhibit C               Form of Stockholder Agreement

                                       iv

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

    THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ("Agreement") is made and entered into as
of April 29, 2001, by and among: VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED, a
Massachusetts corporation ("Parent"); AHAB ACQUISITION SUB, INC., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"); and AURORA
BIOSCIENCES CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company").
Certain
capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in EXHIBIT A.

                                    RECITALS

    A.  Parent, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger (the
"Merger") of Merger Sub into the Company in accordance with this Agreement and
the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL").
Upon consummation of the
Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist, and the Company will become a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent.

    
B.  It is intended that the Merger qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code").
For financial reporting purposes, it is intended that the Merger be
accounted for as a "pooling of interests.
"

    C.  The respective boards of directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
have approved this Agreement and the Merger and Parent, acting as the sole
stockholder of Merger Sub, has approved this Agreement and the Merger.

                                   
AGREEMENT

    The parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                   
THE MERGER

    Section 1.1  MERGER OF MERGER SUB INTO THE COMPANY.  
Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the DGCL, at the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3), Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into the Company, and the separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease.

Following the Effective Time, the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").

    
Section 1.2  EFFECT OF THE MERGER.  
The Merger shall have the effects set
forth in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL.
Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective
Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company
and Merger Sub shall continue with, or vest in, as the case may be, the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and
Merger Sub shall continue to be, or become, as the case may be, the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.
As of the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall be a direct subsidiary of Parent.

    
Section 1.3  CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME.  
The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices
of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, PC, One Financial Center,
Boston, Massachusetts, at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be designated by Parent and
the Company (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the fifth
business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the last to be satisfied or
waived of the conditions set forth in Articles 6, 7 and 8 (other than those
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions).
Subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, a certificate of merger satisfying the applicable requirements
of the DGCL (the "Certificate of Merger") shall be duly executed by the Company
and, simultaneously with or as soon as practicable following the Closing, filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the "Secretary of State").

The Merger shall

                                      A-1

become effective upon the latest of: (a) the date and time of the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State, or (b) such later date and
time as may be specified in the Certificate of Merger with the consent of Parent
(the "Effective Time").

    
Section 1.4  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS; DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS.:  
At the Effective Time:

        (a) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall
    be amended to conform to the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub as
    in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time;

        (b) the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and
    restated to conform to the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately
    prior to the Effective Time; and

        (c) the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
    shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation from and after the
    Effective Time, in each case until their successors are appointed and
    qualified or until their resignation or removal.
The directors of Merger Sub
    immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the
    Surviving Corporation, in each case until their successors are elected or
    until their resignation or removal.
If at the Effective Time a vacancy shall
    exist on the Board of Directors or in any office of the Surviving
    Corporation, such vacancy may thereafter be filled in the manner provided by
    applicable Legal Requirements and the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.

    
Section 1.5  CONVERSION OF SECURITIES.

    
(a)
At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any stockholder of the
Company:

        (i) any shares of Company Common Stock then held in the Company's
    treasury or owned by any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company shall be
    canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
    delivered in exchange therefor;

        (ii) any shares of Company Common Stock then held by Parent, Merger Sub
    or any other wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent shall be canceled and retired
    and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in
    exchange therefor;

       (iii) except as provided in clauses "(i)" and "(ii)" above and subject to
    Sections 1.5(b), 1.5(c) and 1.5(d), each share of Company Common Stock then
    outstanding shall be converted into the right to receive 0.62 of a share of
    Parent Common Stock; and

        (iv) each share of the common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of
    Merger Sub then outstanding shall be converted into one share of common
    stock of the Surviving Corporation.


The fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock specified in
Section 1.5(a)(iii) (as such fraction may be adjusted in accordance with
Section 1.5(b)) is referred to as the "Exchange Ratio."

    (b) If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or Parent Common Stock are changed
into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, stock
dividend, reverse stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or other
similar transaction, then the Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted.

    
(c)
To the extent any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option,
risk of forfeiture or other condition under any applicable restricted stock
purchase agreement or other agreement with the Company or under which the
Company has any rights, then the shares of Parent Common Stock issued in
exchange for such shares of Company Common Stock will also be unvested and
subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition,
and the certificates representing such shares of Parent Common Stock may
accordingly be marked with appropriate legends.

                                      
A-2

    (d) No fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued in
connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such fractional
shares shall be issued.
Any holder of Company Common Stock who would otherwise
be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after
aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to such
holder) shall, in lieu of such fraction of a share and, upon surrender of such
holder's Company Stock Certificate(s) (as defined in Section 1.6), be paid in
cash the dollar amount (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest,
determined by multiplying such fraction by the closing price of a share of
Parent Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market on the date the Effective Time
occurs.

    
Section 1.6  CLOSING OF THE COMPANY'S TRANSFER BOOKS.  
At the Effective
Time: (a) all shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease
to exist, and all holders of certificates representing shares of Company Common
Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease
to have any rights as stockholders of the Company (other than the right to
receive shares of Parent Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares as
set forth in Section 1.5); and (b) the stock transfer books of the Company shall
be closed with respect to all shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time.
No further transfer of any such shares
of Company Common Stock shall be made on such stock transfer books after the
Effective Time.