URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/822416/000095012401501709/0000950124-01-501709.txt

THE MERGER

Background to the Merger

Del Webb’s board of directors and management have from time
to time considered a variety of strategic options as a part of
Del Webb’s long-term strategy to maximize stockholder
value.
Del Webb engaged Credit Suisse First Boston in the spring
of 2000 as its financial advisor to analyze its business and
strategic alternatives.


As part of its engagement, Credit Suisse First Boston made a
presentation regarding Del Webb, its business, its strategic
alternatives and merger and acquisition activity in the
homebuilding industry to the Del Webb board of directors at the
board’s regularly scheduled meeting on July 20, 2000.

This presentation was made following a letter received by Del
Webb in June 2000 from J. F. Shea Co., Inc., a
competitor in the homebuilding business, expressing Shea’s
interest in exploring a business combination transaction with
Del Webb.


In August 2000, Pacific Partners LLC announced its
acquisition of 5.32% of the outstanding common stock of Del Webb
and its intention to nominate a slate of candidates for election
to Del Webb’s board of directors at the 2000 annual meeting
of stockholders.


During August, September and October 2000, Del Webb and
Credit Suisse First Boston were contacted by a number of other
competitors in the homebuilding industry, including Pulte,
expressing interest in a variety of strategic alliances with Del
Webb, including a possible business combination if Del Webb were
interested in considering such a transaction.
On
September 21, 2000, Shea sent a letter to Del Webb setting
forth Shea’s indication of interest, subject to specified
conditions, in purchasing all of the outstanding common stock of
Del Webb for $30 in cash per share.
On September 24, 2000,
the Del Webb board of directors held a special meeting at which
Del Webb management, as well as Credit Suisse First Boston and
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Del Webb’s
special legal counsel, provided an overview of developments in
the proxy contest with Pacific Partners, Shea’s indication
of interest and financial information relating to Del Webb.
On
October 20, 2000, Pacific Partners began soliciting proxies
to elect its two candidates to the Del Webb board of directors.

On October 23, 2000, Shea announced that it would terminate
its indication of interest in acquiring Del Webb for $30 per
share if Pacific Partners’ nominees were not elected to the
Del Webb board of directors.


On November 1, 2000, the Del Webb board of directors held a
regular meeting, at which Del Webb management presented its
proposed 2001-2005 strategic plan and discussed various business
opportunities and strategic options.
Credit Suisse First Boston
made a presentation regarding the homebuilding industry and
valuation of Del Webb.
At the Del Webb annual meeting of
stockholders on November 2, 2000, Del Webb stockholders
reelected the candidates nominated by the board of directors and
did not elect the candidates nominated by Pacific Partners.

Thereafter, Shea withdrew its indication of interest.
On
November 2, 2000, following the annual meeting of
stockholders, Del Webb’s board of directors reconvened and
authorized Del Webb management to begin implementation of the
2001-2005 strategic plan and to continue to explore alternate
strategies to enhance shareholder value.


In late November 2000, Robert K. Burgess, Pulte’s
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, telephoned LeRoy C.
Hanneman, Jr., Del Webb’s President and Chief
Executive Officer, and suggested that a meeting be scheduled.

During the call, Mr. Burgess outlined his view of the
potential benefits of a business combination transaction between
Pulte and Del Webb.
Mr. Hanneman informed Mr. Burgess
that he was not prepared to recommend consideration of a
business combination transaction to the Del Webb board at that
time in light of the board’s recent direction to implement
the strategic plan, but indicated that he might be willing to
entertain additional communications at a later date.


During December 2000, Mr. Burgess telephoned
Mr. Hanneman to reiterate Pulte’s interest in
discussing a possible business combination transaction between
Pulte and Del Webb and suggested a meeting.
Mr. Hanneman
agreed to a meeting in January 2001.


On January 10, 2001, Del Webb and Pulte entered into a
confidentiality and standstill agreement, in which the parties
agreed to keep confidential any information that was exchanged.

On January 11, 2001, Mr. Burgess met with
Mr. Hanneman in Phoenix, Arizona, to discuss a potential
business combination transaction between Pulte and Del Webb.

Later that day, Mr. Burgess, Mark O’Brien,
Pulte’s President and Chief Operating Officer, and Roger
Cregg, Pulte’s Chief Financial Officer, met with
Mr. Hanneman, John Spencer, Del Webb’s Chief Financial
Officer, and Anne L. Mariucci, a Del Webb Executive Vice
President, in Phoenix to discuss generally the businesses and
strategies of Pulte and Del Webb.
Messrs. Burgess, Cregg
and O’Brien discussed their January 11, 2001 meeting
with Del Webb management at the regularly scheduled meeting of
the Pulte board of directors on January 23, 2001.


On January 26, 2001, Mr. Cregg met with
Mr. Spencer in Phoenix and made available to
Mr. Spencer a copy of Pulte’s draft pro forma
financial statements reflecting Pulte and Del Webb on a
consolidated basis.
On February 8, 2001, at a regular
meeting of Del Webb’s board of directors, senior management
advised the board with respect to recent communications between
Del Webb and Pulte.
The board authorized management to continue
communications with Pulte.
On February 21 and 22, 2001,
Messrs. Hanneman and Spencer, Ms. Mariucci and
Robertson C. Jones, Del Webb’s General Counsel, met in
San Diego, California with Messrs. Burgess, O’Brien
and Cregg, Michael O’Brien, a Pulte Senior Vice President,
and Pulte’s outside legal counsel to exchange additional
information of a confidential nature regarding the
organizational structure, operations, short-term financial
outlook and strategic direction of the two companies.
Additional
telephone calls between Mr. Burgess and Mr. Hanneman
took place during January and February 2001 regarding a
possible business combination transaction, but no specific
proposals were discussed.


At its scheduled dinner meeting on March 7, 2001, the Pulte
board discussed with Pulte management the potential business
combination transaction with Del Webb.
At that meeting, the
board authorized Pulte management to continue discussions with
Del Webb.
On March 14, 2001, Messrs. Hanneman and
Jones and Ms. Mariucci met with Messrs. Burgess,
O’Brien, Cregg and O’Brien in Bloomfield Hills,
Michigan, to further discuss a possible business combination
transaction.
On March 14, 2001, Messrs. Hanneman and
Spencer and Ms. Mariucci had discussions with Credit Suisse
First Boston regarding a possible business combination
transaction between Del Webb and Pulte.
On March 19, 2001,
Mr. Hanneman met with Mr. Burgess in Scottsdale,
Arizona, to discuss further the desirability of a possible
business combination transaction.
On March 28, 2001,
Messrs. Burgess and Cregg and Mark O’Brien met with
Salomon Smith Barney in New York to discuss the financial
framework of the transaction.


On April 2, 2001, Pulte forwarded materials to Del Webb
indicating a proposed exchange ratio for a possible business
combination transaction, where the consideration would be paid
in Pulte common shares, with the intent that the transaction
would be tax-free for Del Webb stockholders, except to the
extent that cash was received in lieu of any fractional Pulte
common share.
Mr. Hanneman telephoned Mr. Burgess to
discuss Pulte’s basis for such exchange ratio.
On the same
day, Del Webb instructed Credit Suisse First Boston to contact
Pulte’s financial advisor, Salomon Smith Barney, to discuss
the financial terms of a possible business combination
transaction between Del Webb and Pulte.


Between April 2 and April 12, 2001,
Messrs. Burgess and Hanneman, and Pulte’s and Del
Webb’s financial advisors, engaged in various telephone
conversations to discuss the proposed exchange ratio,
termination rights and break-up fees.
On April 12, 2001,
Del Webb’s board of directors held a regular meeting, at
which Del Webb’s management updated the board on the
communications between Del Webb and Pulte regarding the possible
business combination transaction between the two companies.
Del
Webb’s management, as well as its legal and financial
advisors, analyzed the proposed exchange ratio and the other
potential terms of the proposed business combination.
On the
evening of April 12, 2001, Del Webb’s board of
directors, at its scheduled dinner meeting, discussed in detail
the proposed business combination transaction with Pulte.
The
board authorized Del Webb management to continue discussions
with Pulte within authorized parameters and to provide
appropriate additional confidential information.


On April 13 and 14, 2001, Messrs. Burgess and
Hanneman, and Pulte’s and Del Webb’s financial
advisors, continued their discussions regarding the proposed
exchange ratio, termination rights and break-up fees, and on
April 17, 2001, Del Webb and Pulte reached a preliminary
understanding with respect to a possible exchange ratio, subject
to completion of due diligence and negotiation of all other
terms and conditions of the transaction.
The Finance Committee
of the Pulte board of directors met on April 17, 2001, and
discussed the potential combination with Del Webb and scheduled
a meeting of the Pulte board for April 26, 2001.
On
April 19, 2001, Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP,
counsel to Pulte, delivered to Del Webb and its advisors a draft
merger agreement.


On April 21 and April 22, 2001, each of Pulte’s
and Del Webb’s management, legal counsel, financial
advisors and accountants met at Pulte’s headquarters to
conduct due diligence and to negotiate the terms of the draft
merger agreement and related documents.
At that time, Del Webb
requested that, concurrently with the execution of any merger
agreement, William J. Pulte and affiliated trusts, which
collectively own approximately 26% of the outstanding Pulte
common shares, enter into a voting agreement with Del Webb
pursuant to which Mr. Pulte and the affiliated trusts would
agree to vote in favor of the issuance of Pulte common shares
and related proposals.


On April 23 and 24, 2001, Pulte’s management met with
Del Webb’s management at Del Webb’s headquarters to
continue the due diligence process.
From April 23 through
April 29, 2001, Pulte and Del Webb and their legal,
financial and accounting advisors continued their due diligence
review and negotiations of the terms of the draft merger
agreement, including the exchange ratio, termination rights and
break-up fees, and related documents.


On April 26, 2001, the Pulte board met to discuss the
proposed transaction.
Pulte’s senior management and
representatives of Honigman Miller and Salomon Smith Barney were
present at the meeting.
In preparation for the meeting, the
directors were sent materials regarding Del Webb’s
business, operations and financial condition, which had been
prepared by Pulte’s management, and a draft of the merger
agreement.
At the meeting, Pulte’s senior management
explained the rationale for the transaction.
Representatives of
Salomon Smith Barney then reviewed the financial aspects of the
proposed merger with the board.
Honigman Miller also discussed
with the board various terms of the merger agreement.
The
meeting was adjourned without acting on the transaction, and the
board reconvened on April 30, 2001, to consider the
transaction.
At the April 30, 2001, meeting, with all of
the Pulte board as well as Pulte’s senior management and
representatives of Honigman Miller and Salomon Smith Barney
present, the board received updated presentations from senior
management and Honigman Miller.
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed
with the board its financial analysis of the exchange ratio and
rendered to the board an oral opinion, which opinion was
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated April 30,
2001, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to
Pulte of the exchange ratio.
After discussion, the board
approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement and recommended that Pulte shareholders
vote to approve the proposal for the issuance of Pulte common
shares in connection with the merger.


On April 30, 2001, Del Webb’s board of directors held
a special meeting at which management of Del Webb, together with
Del Webb’s financial and legal advisors, reviewed the terms
and conditions of the proposed merger.
Credit Suisse First
Boston made a detailed financial presentation and rendered its
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to
the matters described in its written opinion, the exchange ratio
was fair to the stockholders of Del Webb from a financial point
of view.
Skadden, Arps reviewed with the board the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and the legal duties and
responsibilities of Del Webb’s board of directors in
connection with the merger.
The board was also advised of the
interests of certain directors and executive officers in the
transaction that were in addition to the interests of other
stockholders.
The board of directors, after extended discussion,
with two directors dissenting and one director absent,
determined that the merger agreement was fair to and in the best
interests of Del Webb and its stockholders and recommended that
the stockholders of Del Webb vote in favor of approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.


On April 30, 2001, following the approval of the boards of
directors of Pulte and Del Webb, the parties executed the merger
agreement.
The parties issued a joint press release announcing
the execution of the merger agreement prior to the open of
trading on May 1, 2001.


Recommendations of the Pulte Board of Directors;

Pulte’s Reasons for the Merger

The Pulte board of directors believes the merger of Del Webb and
a wholly owned subsidiary of Pulte on the terms contained in the
merger agreement will be beneficial to Pulte and its
shareholders and that the merger consideration to be paid to
Del Webb stockholders under the merger agreement is fair to
Pulte.
Accordingly, at its meeting on April 30, 2001,
Pulte’s board of directors approved the transaction and
recommended that holders of Pulte common shares vote to approve
the proposal for the issuance of Pulte common shares in
connection with the merger.


The Pulte board believes that the merger will make Pulte a
stronger homebuilding company.
In particular, Pulte believes the
merger will:

• 

	strengthen our position in the nation’s fastest growing
	homebuilding markets;

• 

	enhance our overall land position;

• 

	increase our presence in the retirement/active adult market
	segments of the homebuilding industry;

• 

	enable us to capture greater financial services revenues and
	other ancillary revenues;

• 

	increase our size in terms of revenue, earnings and EBIT (which
	stands for earnings before interest and taxes) and enhance our
	competitive position and economies of scale;

• 

	provide us with operational savings from enhancing purchasing
	leverage; and

• 

	help us with homebuilding and mortgage related Internet and
	broadband activities.


Based on a review of public filings made with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, a combined Pulte and Del Webb would have
been the nation’s largest homebuilder in calendar year 2000
based on homebuilding revenues, domestic homes delivered and
homebuilding EBIT.
On a combined pro forma basis, Pulte and Del
Webb would have reported revenues of $6.055 billion and
EBIT of $578 million in calendar year 2000.


In deciding to approve the acquisition of Del Webb, the Pulte
directors considered the items described in the preceding
paragraph and a number of other factors, including:

• 

	the current and historical market price of Pulte common shares;

• 

	the continued expansion of Pulte’s homebuilding business in
	high growth markets and its expansion into new geographic
	markets;

• 

	the strong financial condition of the combined company;

• 

	the expected accounting treatment of the merger;

• 

	the terms and conditions of the merger agreement; and

• 

	the presentations and advice of its senior management, financial
	advisor and legal counsel, as discussed above.


The Pulte board also considered potentially negative factors
relating to the merger, including:

• 

	the increased financial leverage of the combined company;

• 

	the challenges of integrating the management, operations and
	cultures of the companies; and

• 

	the risk that operational savings from synergies may not be
	achieved.


The above discussion is not intended to be exhaustive of the
factors considered by the Pulte board but includes all material
factors considered.
Each member of the Pulte board of directors
may have considered different factors, and the Pulte board of
directors evaluated these factors and did not quantify or
otherwise assign relative weights to factors considered.
In
addition, the Pulte board of directors did not reach any
specific conclusion with respect to each of the factors
considered or any aspect of any particular factor.
Instead, the
Pulte board of directors conducted an overall analysis of the
factors described above.


Based on the considerations described above, the Pulte board
of directors has approved the merger and the issuance of Pulte
common shares in connection with the merger and recommends that
Pulte’s shareholders vote FOR the share issuance.


Recommendation of the Del Webb Board of Directors;

Del Webb’s Reasons for the Merger

At its meeting on April 30, 2001, the Del Webb board of
directors, by a vote of eight to two, with one director absent,
determined that the terms of the merger agreement are fair to
and in the best interests of Del Webb and its stockholders and
recommended that the stockholders of Del Webb vote for approval
and adoption of the merger agreement.
During the course of its
deliberations, the Del Webb board of directors considered, with
the assistance of management and its financial and legal
advisors, a number of factors.
The following discussion of the
factors considered by the Del Webb board of directors in making
its decision includes all material factors considered by the Del
Webb board of directors.


Among the factors the Del Webb board of directors considered in
deciding to approve the merger are the following:

• 

	historical information regarding the respective businesses,
	prospects, financial performances and conditions, operations,
	management and competitive positions of Pulte and Del Webb;

• 

	current financial market conditions and historical market
	prices, volatility and trading information with respect to Del
	Webb common stock and Pulte common shares;

• 

	the directors’ knowledge and analysis of the current
	homebuilding industry environment, characterized by evolving
	trends toward consolidation and increasing competition;

• 

	the fact that some other homebuilders with whom Del Webb is
	compared by analysts have stock prices with generally greater
	earnings per share multiples based on market capitalization and
	trading volume;

• 

	the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the
	parties’ representations, warranties and covenants, and the
	conditions to their respective obligations;

• 

	the consideration to be received by Del Webb stockholders in the
	merger and the fact that the exchange ratio in the merger
	represents a significant premium over relative trading prices of
	the two securities for the preceding 12 months;

• 

	the fact that Del Webb can terminate the merger agreement
	without penalty if the average last sale price of Pulte common
	shares for the 15 trading days ending on, and including, the
	third trading day prior to the Del Webb special meeting is less
	than $27.00;

• 

	the terms of the merger agreement regarding the right of Del
	Webb to consider and negotiate an alternative transaction, as
	well as the possible effects of the provisions regarding
	termination fees;

• 

	the structure of the merger, which would permit the holders of
	Del Webb common stock to exchange their shares for Pulte common
	shares in a transaction that is intended to be tax-free for
	United States federal income tax purposes, except to the extent
	of any cash received in lieu of any fractional Pulte common
	share;

• 

	the fact that Del Webb stockholders will be able to participate
	in any future growth of Del Webb through their ownership of
	Pulte common shares, while those Del Webb stockholders who do not

	wish to own Pulte common shares will have the opportunity to
	sell Pulte common shares received in the merger in the ensuing
	months;

• 

	the presentation and oral opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston,
	which was later confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of
	the date of such opinion, and based on and subject to the
	matters described in its written opinion, the exchange ratio was
	fair to the stockholders of Del Webb from a financial point of
	view;

• 

	the fact that three directors of Del Webb will be appointed to
	the Pulte board of directors, and the terms of office of such
	directors;

• 

	the percentage of the total outstanding Pulte common shares that
	former Del Webb stockholders will own following the merger based
	on the exchange ratio;

• 

	the fact that, under Delaware law, the directors’ fiduciary
	duties in evaluating the merger are owed to Del Webb’s
	stockholders and not to other constituencies of the company,
	such as customers, suppliers and employees;

• 

	the directors’ knowledge of Del Webb’s business,
	operations, financial condition and prospects if it were to
	remain independent, including the desirability of having
	additional flexibility to obtain capital to facilitate the
	growth of its business;

• 

	the fact that Pulte may provide greater levels of capital and
	resources to Del Webb than Del Webb could achieve independently;

• 

	the directors’ assessment of Del Webb’s other
	strategic alternatives to enhance stockholder value and whether
	the merger was more attractive than such alternatives;

• 

	whether the combination with Pulte presents opportunities to
	create greater economies of scale, by combining human resources,
	technology and land resources; and

• 

	the significant product and geographic diversification of the
	combined companies.


The Del Webb board of directors also considered a number of
potentially negative factors relating to the merger, including:

• 

	the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might
	not be fully realized;

• 

	the fact that Del Webb will no longer be an independent company
	and the risk that Pulte may not take full advantage of the value
	in the brandnames “Del Webb®,” “Sun
	City®,” and “Anthem®,” although the Del
	Webb corporate name will be maintained after the closing of the
	merger;

• 

	the risk that Pulte may not take full advantage of the unique
	position of Del Webb with respect to demographic trends and the
	retirement community business;

• 

	the challenges of integrating the management teams, strategies,
	cultures and organizations of the two companies;

• 

	the fact that LeRoy Hanneman and certain other members of senior
	management would not continue with Del Webb after consummation
	of the merger;

• 

	the risks associated with the fluctuations in the price of Del
	Webb common stock and Pulte common shares prior to the closing
	of the merger and the effect that such fluctuations might have
	on the number of Pulte common shares that Del Webb stockholders
	will receive in the merger;

• 

	the fact that certain members of Del Webb’s management and
	board of directors may have interests in the merger in addition
	to the interests of other Del Webb stockholders;

• 

	the impact of the merger on Del Webb’s employees,
	customers, communities and suppliers and how such impact might
	affect shareholder value of the combined company;

• 

	the possible distraction of management from day-to-day
	operations; and

• 

	other applicable risks described in the section captioned
	“Risk Factors.”


The Del Webb board of directors who voted in favor of the merger
agreement believed that these risks were outweighed by the
potential benefits of the merger.
The two directors who voted
against the merger questioned whether the potential benefits of
the merger would be realized or would be outweighed by the
potential negative factors.


The above discussion is not exhaustive of all factors considered
by the Del Webb board of directors.
Each member of the Del Webb
board of directors may have considered different factors and may
have assigned different relative weights to the factors
considered.
In addition, the Del Webb board of directors did not
quantify or reach any specific conclusion with respect to each
of the factors considered, or any aspect of any particular
factor.
Instead, the Del Webb board of directors conducted an
overall analysis of the factors described above.


Based on the considerations described above, the
Del Webb board of directors, with two directors dissenting
and one director absent, has determined that the merger
agreement is fair to and in the best interests of Del Webb
and its stockholders and recommends that Del Webb
stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.


Opinion of Pulte’s Financial Advisor

Pulte retained Salomon Smith Barney to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the proposed merger.
In
connection with its engagement, Pulte requested that Salomon
Smith Barney evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to Pulte of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

On April 30, 2001, at a meeting of the Pulte board of
directors held to evaluate the proposed merger, Salomon Smith
Barney rendered to the Pulte board an oral opinion, which
opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
April 30, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and
based on and subject to the matters described in the opinion,
the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
Pulte.


In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney:

• 

	reviewed the merger agreement;

• 

	held discussions with senior officers, directors and other
	representatives and advisors of Pulte and senior officers and
	other representatives and advisors of Del Webb concerning the
	businesses, operations and prospects of Pulte and Del Webb;

• 

	examined publicly available business and financial information
	relating to Pulte and Del Webb;

• 

	examined financial forecasts and other information and data
	relating to Pulte and Del Webb which were provided to or
	otherwise discussed with Salomon Smith Barney by the managements
	of Pulte and Del Webb, including information relating to the
	potential strategic implications and operational benefits
	anticipated by the managements of Pulte and Del Webb to result
	from the merger;

• 

	reviewed the financial terms of the merger as set forth in the
	merger agreement in relation to, among other things, current and
	historical market prices and trading volumes of Pulte common
	shares and Del Webb common stock, the historical and projected
	earnings and other operating data of Pulte and Del Webb, and the
	capitalization and financial condition of Pulte and Del Webb;

• 

	considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial
	terms of other transactions effected which Salomon Smith Barney
	considered relevant in evaluating the merger;

• 

	analyzed financial, stock market and other publicly available
	information relating to the businesses of other companies whose
	operations Salomon Smith Barney considered relevant in
	evaluating those of Pulte and Del Webb;

• 

	evaluated the potential pro forma financial impact of the merger
	on Pulte; and

• 

	conducted other analyses and examinations and considered other
	financial, economic and market criteria as Salomon Smith Barney
	deemed appropriate in arriving at its opinion.


In rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney assumed and
relied, without independent verification, on the accuracy and
completeness of all financial and other information and data
publicly available or furnished to or otherwise reviewed by or
discussed with Salomon Smith Barney.
With respect to financial
forecasts and other information and data relating to Pulte and
Del Webb provided to or otherwise discussed with Salomon Smith
Barney, the managements of Pulte and Del Webb advised Salomon
Smith Barney that the forecasts and other information and data
were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the managements of Pulte
and Del Webb as to the future financial performance of Pulte and
Del Webb and the potential strategic implications and
operational benefits anticipated to result from the merger,
including the amount, timing and achievability of those
strategic implications and operational benefits.
Salomon Smith
Barney assumed, with Pulte’s consent, that the merger will
be treated as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax
purposes.


Salomon Smith Barney’s opinion relates to the relative
values of Pulte and Del Webb.
Salomon Smith Barney did not
express any opinion as to what the value of the Pulte common
shares actually will be when issued in the merger or the prices
at which the Pulte common shares will trade or otherwise be
transferable after the merger.
Salomon Smith Barney did not make
and was not provided with an independent evaluation or appraisal
of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Pulte
or Del Webb and did not make any physical inspection of the
properties or assets of Pulte or Del Webb.


Salomon Smith Barney expressed no view as to, and its opinion
does not address, the relative merits of the merger as compared
to any alternative business strategies that might exist for
Pulte or the effect of any other transaction in which Pulte
might engage.
Salomon Smith Barney’s opinion was
necessarily based on information available, and financial, stock
market and other conditions and circumstances existing and
disclosed, to Salomon Smith Barney as of the date of its
opinion.
Although Salomon Smith Barney evaluated the exchange
ratio from a financial point of view, Salomon Smith Barney was
not asked to and did not recommend the specific consideration
payable in the merger, which was determined through negotiation
between Pulte and Del Webb.
Pulte imposed no other instructions
or limitations on Salomon Smith Barney with respect to the
investigations made or procedures followed by Salomon Smith
Barney in rendering its opinion.


The full text of Salomon Smith Barney’s written opinion
dated April 30, 2001, which describes the assumptions made,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is
attached to this document as Annex II and is incorporated into
this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus by reference.
Salomon
Smith Barney’s opinion is addressed to the Pulte board of
directors and relates only to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to Pulte of the exchange ratio, does not address
any other aspect of the merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to any shareholder with respect to any matter
relating to the proposed merger.


In preparing its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those
described below.
The summary of these analyses is not a complete
description of the analyses underlying Salomon Smith
Barney’s opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is
a complex analytical process involving various determinations as
to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to summary description.
Accordingly, Salomon Smith
Barney believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole
and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or
focusing on information presented in tabular format, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.


In its analyses, Salomon Smith Barney considered industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters existing as of the date of its
opinion, many of which are beyond the control of Pulte and Del
Webb.
No company, transaction or business used in those analyses
as a comparison is identical to Pulte, Del Webb or the proposed
merger, and an evaluation of those analyses

is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve
complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and
operating characteristics and other factors that could affect
the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, business segments or transactions analyzed.


The estimates contained in Salomon Smith Barney’s analyses
and the valuation ranges resulting from any particular analysis
are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by its analyses.
In
addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or
securities do not necessarily purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually
may be sold.
Accordingly, Salomon Smith Barney’s analyses
and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.


Salomon Smith Barney’s opinion and analyses were only one
of many factors considered by the Pulte board of directors in
its evaluation of the merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of the Pulte board of directors or
management with respect to the exchange ratio or the proposed
merger.


The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Salomon Smith Barney in connection with the
rendering of its opinion dated April 30, 2001. 

The
financial analyses summarized below include information
presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand
Salomon Smith Barney’s financial analyses, the tables must
be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone
do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.
Considering the data below without considering the
full narrative description of the financial analyses, including
the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of Salomon Smith
Barney’s financial analyses.


Public Market Analysis.  

Using publicly available
information, Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the market values and
trading multiples of Pulte, Del Webb and the following 13
selected publicly held companies in the homebuilding industry.

Companies within this industry with a firm value of
$1.0 billion or less are referred to below as small cap
companies, companies with a firm value of greater than
$1.0 billion but less than $2.0 billion are referred
to below as mid cap companies, and companies with a firm value
of greater than $2.0 billion are referred to below as large cap
companies:

Small Cap Companies

Mid Cap Companies

Large Cap Companies

• Beazer Homes USA, Inc.

• M.D.C. Holdings, Inc

• Centex Corporation

• Crossman Communities, Inc.

• The Ryland Group, Inc.

• D.R.
Horton, Inc.

• Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.

• NVR Inc

• KB Home

• M/I Schottenstein Homes, Inc.

• Standard Pacific Corp.

• Lennar Corporation

• Toll Brothers

All multiples were based on closing stock prices on
April 27, 2001.
Estimated financial data for the selected
companies were based on public filings and publicly available
research analysts’ estimates.
Estimated financial data for
Pulte and Del Webb were based on public filings and internal
estimates of the managements of Pulte and Del Webb.
Salomon
Smith Barney compared equity market values as multiples of
latest 12 months and estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002
net income and latest available book value.
Salomon Smith Barney
then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the
selected companies to corresponding financial data of Pulte and
Del Webb in order to derive implied equity reference ranges for
Pulte and Del Webb, which were used to calculate an implied
exchange ratio range.
Salomon Smith Barney also performed this
analysis by applying a 35% change of control premium to the
implied equity reference range derived from this analysis for
Del Webb.
This analysis indicated the following implied exchange
ratio ranges, as compared to the exchange ratio range in the
merger:

Implied Exchange

Implied Exchange

Ratio Range Without

Ratio Range With

Merger Exchange

Control Premium

Control Premium

Ratio Range

0.66x - 0.91x

0.85x - 1.18x

0.866x - 1.100x

Private Market Analysis.
  
Using publicly available
information, Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the purchase prices
paid in the following 15 selected transactions in the
homebuilding industry:

Acquiror

Target

• Technical Olympic USA, Inc.

• Engle Homes, Inc.

• Schuler Homes, Inc.

• Western Pacific Housing

• Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.

• Washington Homes, Inc.

• Lennar Corporation

• U.S. Homes Corporation

• Technical Olympics SA

• Newmark Homes Corp.

• D.R. Horton Inc.

• Cambridge Properties (d/b/a Cambridge
	Homes)

• Beazer Homes USA, Inc.

• Trafalgar House Property, Inc.

• Kaufman and Broad Corporation

• Lewis Homes

• J. F. Shea Co., Inc.

• UDC Homes, Inc.

• Pulte

• DiVosta and Company, Inc.

• Lennar Corporation

• ColRich Communities, Inc.

• D.R. Horton Inc.

• Continental Homes Holding Corp.

• Lennar Corporation

• Pacific Greystone Corporation

• D.R. Horton Inc.

• Torrey Homes Inc.

• Kaufman and Broad Corporation

• Rayco, Ltd.

All multiples were based on publicly available information for
the relevant transaction.
Salomon Smith Barney compared purchase
prices in the selected transactions as multiples of latest
12 months net income and latest available book value.

Salomon Smith Barney then applied a range of selected multiples
derived from the selected transactions to corresponding
financial data of Del Webb in order to derive an implied equity
reference range for Del Webb, which was used, together with the
implied equity reference range for Pulte derived from the public
market analysis described above, to calculate an implied
exchange ratio range.
This analysis indicated the following
implied exchange ratio range, as compared to the exchange ratio
range in the merger:

Implied Exchange

Merger Exchange

Ratio Range

Ratio Range

0.76x - 1.07x

0.866x - 1.100x

Contribution Analysis.
  
Salomon Smith Barney
compared the relative contributions of Pulte and Del Webb to the
combined company’s income statement and operational data
for the latest 12 months, income statement data for
calendar year 2000 and estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002
and balance sheet data as of March 31, 2001, and estimated
as of September 30, 2001.
Financial and operational data
used in this analysis were based both on public filings and
internal estimates of the managements of Pulte and Del Webb.

This analysis indicated that Del Webb would contribute to the
combined company approximately 12.8% to 47.3% of the financial
and operational data reviewed, as compared to the implied pro
forma equity ownership of Del Webb’s stockholders in the
combined company based on the low and high end of the exchange
ratio range of approximately 27.2% to 32.5%.


Salomon Smith Barney also calculated an implied exchange ratio
range based on the percentage contributions of Pulte and Del
Webb to the combined company’s financial and operational
data as described above.
This analysis resulted in an implied
exchange ratio range of 0.32x to 1.98x, as compared to the
exchange ratio range in the merger of 0.866x to 1.100x.


Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  

Salomon Smith Barney
analyzed the potential pro forma financial effect of the merger
on Pulte’s estimated earnings per share for calendar years
2001 and 2002 based on internal estimates of the managements of
Pulte and Del Webb, both before and after giving effect to
potential cost savings and other synergies anticipated by the
managements of Pulte and Del Webb to result from the merger.

Based on the exchange ratio range provided for in the merger,
this analysis indicated that the proposed merger could be
accretive to Pulte’s earnings per share except at the high
end of the exchange ratio range after giving full effect to
potential cost savings and other synergies anticipated by the

managements of Pulte and Del Webb to result from the merger and
could be dilutive to Pulte’s earnings per share before
giving effect to potential cost savings and other synergies.
The
actual results achieved by Pulte may vary from projected results
and the variations may be material.


Other Factors.
  
In rendering its opinion, Salomon
Smith Barney also reviewed and considered other factors,
including:

• 

	historical market prices and trading volumes of Pulte common
	shares and Del Webb common stock;

• 

	the relationship between movements in Pulte common shares and
	Del Webb common stock and movements in the common stock of
	selected large cap companies in the homebuilding industry;

• 

	the combined company’s capital structure;

• 

	a comparison of Pulte’s and Del Webb’s book value and
	market value;

• 

	the premiums paid in selected transactions; and

• 

	selected research analysts’ reports on Pulte and Del Webb.


Miscellaneous.  

Under the terms of its engagement,
Pulte has agreed to pay Salomon Smith Barney for its financial
advisory services upon completion of the merger an aggregate fee
of $7.5 million.
Pulte also has agreed to reimburse Salomon
Smith Barney for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred
by Salomon Smith Barney in performing its services, including
reasonable fees and expenses of its legal counsel, and to
indemnify Salomon Smith Barney and related persons against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws, arising out of its engagement.


In the ordinary course of business, Salomon Smith Barney and its
affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of Pulte
and Del Webb for their own account or for the account of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in those securities.
Salomon Smith Barney and its
affiliates in the past have provided services to Del Webb
unrelated to the proposed merger, for which services Salomon
Smith Barney and its affiliates have received compensation.
In
addition, Salomon Smith Barney and its affiliates, including
Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates, may maintain relationships
with Pulte, Del Webb and their respective affiliates.


Pulte selected Salomon Smith Barney as its exclusive financial
advisor based on Salomon Smith Barney’s experience and
expertise.
Salomon Smith Barney is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm which regularly engages in the valuation
of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers
and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and
other purposes.


Opinion of Del Webb’s Financial Advisor

Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Del Webb’s
exclusive financial advisor in connection with the merger.
Del
Webb selected Credit Suisse First Boston based on Credit Suisse
First Boston’s experience, expertise and reputation, and
its familiarity with Del Webb’s business.
Credit Suisse
First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and
other purposes.


In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston’s engagement,
Del Webb requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the
fairness to the stockholders of Del Webb of the exchange ratio
pursuant to the merger agreement from a financial point of view.

On April 30, 2001, at a meeting of the Del Webb board held
to consider the merger, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to
the Del Webb board an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed
by delivery of a written opinion dated April 30, 2001, to
the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the
matters described in its opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to
the merger agreement was fair to the stockholders of Del Webb
from a financial point of view.


The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston’s written
opinion dated April 30, 2001, to the Del Webb board, which
sets forth the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached
as Annex III and is incorporated into this document by
reference.
Holders of Del Webb common stock are urged to read
this opinion carefully in its entirety.
Credit Suisse First
Boston’s opinion is addressed to the Del Webb board and
relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio pursuant to
the merger agreement to the stockholders of Del Webb from a
financial point of view, does not address any other aspect of
the proposed merger or any related transaction and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote with respect to any matter relating to
the merger.
The summary of Credit Suisse First Boston’s
opinion in this document is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.


In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
publicly available business and financial information relating
to Del Webb and Pulte, as well as the merger agreement.
Credit
Suisse First Boston also reviewed other information, including
financial forecasts, provided by Del Webb and Pulte, and met
with the managements of Del Webb and Pulte to discuss the
businesses and prospects of Del Webb and Pulte.


Credit Suisse First Boston also considered financial and stock
market data of Del Webb and Pulte, and compared those data with
similar data for other publicly held companies in businesses
similar to Del Webb and Pulte and considered the financial terms
of certain other business combinations and transactions which
have recently been effected.
Credit Suisse First Boston also
considered such other information, financial studies, analyses
and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria
that it deemed relevant.


In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did
not assume any responsibility for independent verification of
any of the foregoing information and relied on it being complete
and accurate in all material respects.
With respect to the
financial forecasts, with the consent of Del Webb’s board,
Credit Suisse First Boston assumed that the forecasts were
reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the managements of Del Webb
and Pulte as to the future financial performance of Del Webb and
Pulte and as to the cost savings and other potential synergies,
including the amount, timing and achievability of those,
anticipated to result from the merger.
Del Webb also informed
Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit Suisse First Boston
assumed, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization for federal income tax purposes.
In addition,
Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did
not make, an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets
or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Del Webb or Pulte,
nor was Credit Suisse First Boston furnished with any
evaluations or appraisals.
Credit Suisse First Boston’s
opinion was necessarily based on information available to it and
financial, economic, market and other conditions as they existed
and could be evaluated on the date of its opinion.
Credit Suisse
First Boston did not express any opinion as to the actual value
of Pulte common shares when issued to Del Webb’s
stockholders pursuant to the merger or the prices at which Pulte
common shares would trade at any time.
Credit Suisse First
Boston was not requested to, and did not, solicit third party
indications of interest in acquiring all or any part of Del Webb.


In preparing its opinion to the Del Webb board, Credit Suisse
First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses, including those described below.
The summary of Credit
Suisse First Boston’s analyses described below is not a
complete description of the analyses underlying Credit Suisse
First Boston’s opinion.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex analytical process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of those methods to
the particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion
is not readily susceptible to summary description.
In arriving
at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis
and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First
Boston believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole
and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.


In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry
performance, regulatory, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond
the control of Del Webb and Pulte.
No company, transaction or
business used in Credit Suisse First Boston’s analyses as a
comparison is identical to Del Webb or Pulte or the proposed
merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is
not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex
considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
business segments or transactions analyzed.


The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First Boston’s
analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or predictive of future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the
analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of
businesses or securities do not necessarily purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities actually may be sold.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse
First Boston’s analyses and estimates are inherently
subject to substantial uncertainty.


As described in the section captioned “The
Merger — Recommendation of the Del Webb Board of
Directors; Del Webb’s Reasons for the Merger,” Credit
Suisse First Boston’s opinion and financial analyses were
only one of many factors considered by the Del Webb board in its
evaluation of the proposed merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of the Del Webb board or management
with respect to the merger or the exchange ratio.


The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
underlying Credit Suisse First Boston’s opinion dated
April 30, 2001, delivered to the Del Webb board in
connection with the merger. 

The financial analyses summarized
below include information presented in tabular format.
In order
to fully understand Credit Suisse First Boston’s financial
analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses.
Considering the data in
the tables below without considering the full narrative
description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of Credit Suisse First
Boston’s financial analyses.


Contribution Analysis.  

Credit Suisse First Boston
performed a contribution analysis, comparing the relative
contributions of Del Webb and Pulte to the actual calendar year
2000 and estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002 EBITDA and net
income of the combined company and to the book value of the
combined company’s equity value based on each
company’s book value as of March 31, 2001.
For purposes of
this analysis, estimated EBITDA and net income were from Del
Webb and Pulte management projections.
In addition, equity value
is defined as each company’s stock price as of
April 27, 2001, multiplied by that company’s number of
shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis using the treasury
stock method.
This analysis did not take into account any
expected synergies from the proposed merger.
“EBITDA”
refers to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization.
For purposes of the percentage contributions based
on EBITDA, the percentages for each company were adjusted to
reflect that company’s leverage.
The following table
presents the results of this analysis:

Del Webb

Pulte

Percentage Contribution

Percentage Contribution

EBITDA:

2000 (Actual)

20.8

%

79.2

%

2001 (Estimated)

15.1

84.9

2002 (Estimated)

16.6

83.4

Net Income:

2000 (Actual)

28.2

%

71.8

%

2001 (Estimated)

26.0

74.0

2002 (Estimated)

27.6

72.4

Book Value

29.7

%

70.3

%

Credit Suisse First Boston noted that, based on an assumed
exchange ratio of 0.866 and assuming all Del Webb options were
converted into Pulte options in the merger, Del Webb
stockholders would own approximately 28.4% of the common stock
of the combined company on a fully diluted basis using the
treasury stock method and Pulte stockholders would own
approximately 71.6% of the common stock of the combined company
on a fully diluted basis using the treasury stock method.
This
analysis yielded an implied exchange ratio reference range of
0.77 to 0.92.


Exchange Ratio Analysis.  

Credit Suisse First Boston
performed an exchange ratio analysis comparing the average daily
closing stock prices for Del Webb and Pulte on April 27,
2001, and for the one-month, three-month, six-month, one-year
and two-year periods ending April 27, 2001.
This comparison
yielded an implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.68 to
0.87, as indicated in the following table:

Date or Period

Implied Exchange Ratio

April 27, 2001

0.683

One month

0.725

Three months

0.799

Six months

0.752

One year

0.733

Two year

0.865

Comparable Publicly Traded Companies Analysis. 


Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed and compared financial,
operating and stock market data of Del Webb and Pulte to
corresponding data of the following publicly traded
large-capitalization companies in the homebuilding industry,
referred to in this description as the Large-Cap Companies:

• 

	Centex Corporation

• 

	D.R. Horton Inc.

• 

	KB Home

• 

	Lennar Corporation

• 

	Pulte

In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial,
operating and stock market data of Del Webb and Pulte to
corresponding data of the following publicly traded
mid-capitalization companies in the homebuilding business,
referred to in this description as the Mid-Cap Companies:

• 

	Beazer Homes USA, Inc.

• 

	Del Webb

• 

	Hovnanian Enterprises

• 

	M.D.C. Holdings, Inc.

• 

	M/ I Schottenstein Homes

• 

	NVR, Inc.

• 

	Standard Pacific Corp.

• 

	The Ryland Group, Inc.

• 

	Toll Brothers, Inc.


In this analysis, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed for Del
Webb, Pulte and the selected companies, among other things,
(1) enterprise values as multiples of revenues, EBITDA and
EBIT for the last twelve months, or LTM, as of each
company’s most recent filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, (2) stock price to earnings per share
ratios for the LTM period, and as estimated for calendar year
2001, (3) price as a multiple of tangible book values per
share and (4) net debt as a percentage of book

capitalization.
Estimated financial data for the selected
companies were based on publicly available research
analysts’ estimates.
For purposes of this analysis,
enterprise value was calculated for each company by multiplying
share prices by total shares outstanding on a fully diluted
basis using the treasury stock method and then adding to that
product homebuilding and corporate debt and the market value of
preferred stock and subtracting homebuilding and corporate cash.

“EBIT” refers to earnings before interest and taxes.


This analysis yielded an implied exchange ratio reference range
of 0.60 to 0.88.
The following table presents the results of
that analysis:

Price/EPS

Enterprise Value/LTM

Net

CY

Price/Tangible

Debt/Book

Revenue

EBITDA

EBIT

LTM

2001E

Book Value

Capitalization

Large-Cap Companies Mean

0.75

x

7.5

x

8.2

x

9.2

x

8.0

x

2.16

x

51.8

%


Mid-Cap Companies Mean

0.74

6.0

6.4

8.4

7.7

2.29

42.8

Del Webb

0.84

7.7

8.1

7.0

7.1

1.24

65.6

Pulte

0.73

7.1

7.4

8.9

8.1

1.65

40.9

Selected M&A Transactions Analysis.  

Credit
Suisse First Boston analyzed the implied transaction multiples
paid or proposed to be paid in 33 selected merger and
acquisition transactions in the homebuilding industry.
With
respect to these transactions, Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed (1) equity value of the target company implied by
the merger consideration paid in the relevant transaction as a
multiple of LTM net income and tangible book value and
(2) enterprise value of the target company implied by the
merger consideration paid in the relevant transaction to LTM net
sales, and EBITDA and as a multiple of total assets.
For
purposes of this analysis, enterprise value was defined as a
company’s equity value plus its total debt and minus its
total cash.
Based on a review of the foregoing multiples, and
taking into account trading multiples of the selected comparable
publicly traded companies referenced above, this analysis
yielded an implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.62 to
0.92.


Premiums Paid Analysis.  

Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed the premiums paid in five merger and acquisition
transactions in the homebuilding industry where the
consideration paid was in stock of the acquiring company based
on the closing stock prices of the target company one day, one
week and one month prior to public announcement of the relevant
transaction, as set forth in the following table:


Premium

1 Day

1 Week

1 Month

Average premium

30.8

%

30.1

%

41.0

%

Median premium

26.9

28.3

41.0

Implied exchange ratio

0.87

0.78

0.86

This analysis yielded an implied exchange ratio reference range
of 0.78 to 0.87.


Miscellaneous.  

Pursuant to the terms of an
engagement letter dated May 17, 2000, as supplemented
December 18, 2000 and April 23, 2001, Del Webb has
paid to Credit Suisse First Boston $1 million for the
fairness opinion described above.
In addition, Del Webb has
agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston a fee that is customary
in transactions of this nature, a substantial portion of which
is contingent upon the consummation of the merger, against which
will be credited the $1 million fairness fee already
described.
In addition, Del Webb has agreed to reimburse Credit
Suisse First Boston for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,
including fees and expenses of its legal counsel and any other
advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify
Credit Suisse First Boston and certain related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws, arising out of its engagement.


Credit Suisse First Boston has, in the past, provided investment
banking services to Del Webb unrelated to the merger, for which
services Credit Suisse First Boston has received compensation.

In the ordinary course of its business, Credit Suisse First
Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and

equity securities of both Del Webb and Pulte for their own
accounts and for the accounts of those customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions in
those securities.


Accounting Treatment

The merger will be treated as a purchase for financial
accounting purposes.


Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Del Webb board of
directors that Del Webb stockholders vote in favor of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, Del Webb stockholders should be aware that some Del
Webb directors and executive officers may have interests in the
merger that are in addition to the interests of Del Webb
stockholders generally.
The Del Webb board of directors was
aware of, and considered, these interests in approving the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.


Indemnification of Officers and Directors.  

The
merger agreement provides that all rights of indemnification for
acts and omissions occurring before the closing of the merger
and existing in favor of the directors, officers and employees
of Del Webb as provided in the Del Webb Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws or any indemnification agreements will
survive the closing of the merger.


Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance.  

The
merger agreement requires Pulte to cause Del Webb to keep in
effect, for at least six years, directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance policies maintained by Del
Webb or substitute policies having the same coverage and
containing terms and conditions no less advantageous to the
persons covered by the policies currently in effect.
Neither
Pulte nor Del Webb will be required to pay more than three times
the annual premium paid relating to the year in which the merger
agreement was executed.
If they are not able to maintain the
required insurance for that amount, they are required to
purchase as much coverage as they can obtain for that amount.


The Pulte Board of Directors.  

The board of
directors of Pulte has agreed, effective as of the closing of
the merger, to appoint to the Pulte board to serve until the
next annual meeting of Pulte shareholders three persons
designated by Del Webb who are reasonably acceptable to Pulte.

Del Webb has designated three members of its board of directors,
          ,
          and
          ,
who have been accepted by Pulte.
Pursuant to Pulte’s
Articles of Incorporation, Pulte directors serve in classes for
staggered, three-year terms, and directors who are appointed by
the board must be elected to a class at the next annual meeting
of Pulte shareholders for the election of directors.


Stock Options and Shares of Restricted Stock. 


Pursuant to Del Webb’s equity-based compensation plans,
all of Del Webb’s outstanding unvested stock options will
accelerate and vest upon approval of the merger by Del Webb
stockholders.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, Del Webb stock
options, at the election of the holder, will either
(1) become a right to receive a cash payment equal to the
difference between the calculated value of the Pulte Common
Shares (based on the average last sale price as described in the
section captioned “The Merger Agreement —
Exchange of Shares”) which would be issued in the merger
for each share of Del Webb common stock underlying the option
and the applicable option exercise price, multiplied by the
number of shares of Del Webb Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the option or (2) convert into an option to acquire
Pulte common shares, as adjusted for the exchange ratio.
In
addition, restrictions will lapse on all shares of restricted
stock held by Del Webb employees and such restricted shares will
convert to fully vested shares and no longer be subject to
forfeiture.


Employment Agreements.  

Del Webb has employment
agreements with the following executive officers: LeRoy C.
Hanneman, Jr., John H. Gleason, Anne L. Mariucci,
John A. Spencer, Frank D. Pankratz and David G.
Schreiner.
Pursuant to each employment agreement, the employee
is entitled to receive severance benefits if, within
24 months following a change in control of Del Webb, the
employee is terminated (1) by Del Webb without cause,
(2) under specified circumstances, by Del Webb due to the
employee’s permanent disability or (3) by the employee
for good reason.
Each employment agreement

provides that in such event the employee will be entitled to
receive a lump sum cash payment equal to 2.5 times (except for
Mr. Hanneman, whose severance multiplier is 3 times) the
sum of the employee’s current base salary plus the greatest
of (a) the average annual incentive compensation paid to
the employee pursuant to Del Webb’s incentive plan with
respect to the five fiscal years preceding the fiscal year in
which the change in control occurs, (b) the incentive
compensation paid to the employee during the twelve months prior
to the effective date of termination or (c) an amount equal
to the current base salary paid to such employee multiplied by
such employee’s current target bonus percentage under Del
Webb’s incentive plan.
The employee will also be entitled
to a payment equal to 20% of base salary in lieu of specified
fringe benefits, as well as continued use of an automobile,
continued coverage under life, disability, accident and group
health plans and continuation of any active country club
membership for 30 months (36 months, in the case of
Mr. Hanneman) following termination.


Change In Control Agreements.  

Del Webb also has
change in control agreements with other executive officers,
corporate officers and key employees.
Pursuant to these change
in control agreements, the employee is entitled to receive
severance benefits.
For the executive officers (as defined for
Securities and Exchange Commission reporting purposes), if,
within 24 months following a change in control of Del Webb,
the employee is terminated (other than due to the
employee’s death, disability or retirement) (1) by Del
Webb without cause or (2) by the employee for good reason,
each change in control agreement provides that the employee will
be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to two
times the sum of (a) the highest annual base salary in
effect for the employee at any time during the twelve months
prior to the notice of termination plus (b) an amount equal
to the greater of the value of all bonuses paid to the employee
during the twelve month period prior to termination or the
employee’s current target bonus under the management
incentive plan.
The employee will also be entitled to a payment
equal to 20% of base salary in lieu of specified fringe
benefits, as well as continued use of an automobile and
continued coverage under life, disability, accident and group
health plans for one year following termination.


Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans.  

Del Webb
has two Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans, “SERP
I” and “SERP II.”
Under the SERPs, executives of
Del Webb and its subsidiaries, as designated by Del Webb’s
chief executive officer or the board of directors in the case of
the chief executive officer, are eligible to receive benefits
upon their retirement, death, disability, or termination of
employment.
All Del Webb executive officers are participants in
the SERPs.
Mr. Spencer is a participant of SERP I and
Messrs. Hanneman, Gleason, Pankratz, Schreiner and Jones
and Ms. Mariucci are participants of SERP II.
The
benefits under SERP I are payable to Mr. Spencer
without early retirement reduction at age 58, if he remains
employed until age 58.
The benefits under SERP II are
payable to Mr. Hanneman without early retirement reduction
at age 60, to Messrs. Gleason, Pankratz and Schreiner
and Ms. Mariucci without early retirement reduction at
age 62, if they remain employed until age 62, and to
Mr. Jones and other executive officers, without early
retirement reduction at age 65.


Both SERPs contain a change in control provision that provides
that if a participant terminates his employment for good reason
or is terminated for any reason other than death, disability,
retirement or cause within three years after a change in control
of Del Webb, the participant would be fully vested, credited
with the lesser of 20 years of service or the number of
years of service the participant would have as of his or her
normal retirement date and deemed to be the greater of
age 55 or the participant’s actual age.
Using these
parameters, the benefit would be calculated and paid as an
actuarial equivalent lump sum as of the greater of age 55
or the participant’s actual age, discounted back to the
participant’s actual age if less than 55.
Following a
change in control, absent termination by the participant for
good reason or by Del Webb without cause, both SERPs allow a
participant or beneficiary to elect to receive a lump sum
distribution of all or a portion of the participant’s
unpaid benefits, subject to a 10% penalty.


Other corporate officers and key personnel are participants in
SERP II and may be entitled to similar payments.


Payments Accruing at Closing.  

The payments
described in this section are being provided pursuant to
long-standing agreements and plans in place with executive
officers and reflect between nine and 27 years

of service by such officers.
A significant portion of the
payments are in lieu of benefits that had accrued or would have
continued to accrue irrespective of the merger.


Because of the change in status of certain Del Webb executive
officers as a result of the merger, Pulte has acknowledged that
Messrs. Hanneman, Gleason, Spencer, Pankratz, Schreiner and
Jones and Ms. Mariucci are entitled to, and shall receive,
upon completion of the merger or at such other dates on which
the executive and Pulte agree, and regardless of whether they
continue as employees of Del Webb following the merger, payment
of the amounts provided for under the provisions of the
agreements and plans described above as if terminated by Del
Webb without cause.
The exact amount payable to each employee
under such agreements cannot be determined until the amount of
each employee’s incentive compensation for fiscal year 2001
is determined and the date of the closing of the merger is
determined.
As described under the heading “Incentive
Compensation” below, the incentive compensation of
Mr. Hanneman is discretionary with the board of directors,
provided certain objective measurements have been achieved.
The
incentive compensation of the other executive officers is based
upon a formula, but is subject to discretionary increases or
decreases by the chief executive officer or the board of
directors.


None of the payments described in this section include any
“gross-up” payments to which the executives are
entitled as provided in the employment agreements and change in
control agreements described above, if necessary to make the
employees whole in the event any excise tax is imposed by the
Internal Revenue Code on the payments made.

Amendments to Employment and Change of Control
Agreements.  

At the request of Pulte, each of
Messrs. Hanneman, Gleason, Spencer, Pankratz, Schreiner and
Jones and Ms. Mariucci entered into an amendment to his or
her employment or change in control agreement prior to the final
consideration and approval of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement by the Del
Webb board of directors.
Pursuant to these amendments, each
employee has agreed either to continue as an employee of Del
Webb or to become an as-needed consultant to Del Webb for a
period beginning on the closing of the merger and ending on the
earlier of (1) the first anniversary of the closing of the
merger or (2) the termination due to employee’s death
or disability.
In consideration for continuing employment or
serving as a consultant, Mr. Hanneman will receive a fee of
$1,000,000 and each of Messrs. Spencer, Schreiner,
Pankratz, Gleason and Jones and Ms. Mariucci will receive a
fee of $600,000, all upon the first anniversary of the closing
of the merger.
No fee will be paid if the merger agreement is
terminated.


In addition, each has agreed that until the end of such period
he or she will not engage in a “competing business”
(generally, conventional or age restricted homebuilding and
development, but as defined in the amended agreements) within a
100 mile area in which any of the businesses of Del Webb are
being conducted on the date of termination of the amendment or
within 100 miles of any area in which Del Webb’s
strategic plan discusses the possibility of conducting business
within two years of the termination of the amendment.
Each has
also agreed not to solicit employees of Del Webb until the end
of such period.


Chairman of the Board.  

Mr. Dion retired from
active employment in November 1999, and continues as the
chairman of the board and a consultant to Del Webb.
Pursuant to
an Employment and Consulting Agreement, dated July 10,
1996, as amended, Mr. Dion is entitled to specified
payments over the term of his agreement.
The merger agreement
provides that Mr. Dion will be paid such amounts due him at
the closing of the merger in satisfaction of Del Webb’s
obligations under his consulting agreement.
Such amounts
include: the remaining unpaid balance of his annual $250,000
consulting fee through November 2001; an amount equal to
the cost of obtaining lifetime medical insurance coverage
equivalent to the coverage currently in force for Mr. Dion
and his spouse; payment to an insurance company equal to the
amount of unpaid premiums for split dollar life insurance
purchased in lieu of benefits to which Mr. Dion was
otherwise entitled at his retirement and of $100,000 to
Mr. Dion to defray the cost to him of his portion of the
premiums for such policy; and an office and clerical support
through December 2001.
Pursuant to Mr. Dion’s
consulting agreement, the Del Webb board of directors will
consider paying additional compensation to Mr. Dion in
connection with the events described under the section captioned
“The Merger — Background of the Merger” and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.


Incentive Compensation.  

Del Webb historically has
granted annual incentive compensation awards to its executive
officers.
Del Webb’s incentive compensation awards are a
significant component of management compensation, reflecting Del
Webb’s belief that compensation should be linked to
performance.
Pursuant to the 2001 Executive Management Incentive
Plan and the 2001 Management Incentive Plan, Del Webb will make
incentive compensation awards with respect to its fiscal year
ended June 30, 2001, to management in the ordinary course
of business and expects to do so prior to the completion of the
merger.
Under the 2001 Management Incentive Plan, incentive
compensation awards to the executive officers, other than
Mr. Hanneman, are based on the financial performance
(consolidated net earnings and return on invested capital) of
the entire company.
The compensation committee of the Del Webb
board of directors has determined target incentive compensation
awards for each such executive officer, and for fiscal year 2001
these targets, other than for Mr. Hanneman, were set at
between 50% and 75% of annual base salary.
Incentive
compensation under this formula can range from 0% to 200% of the
target.
In addition, the chief executive officer has discretion
to award an additional amount equal to 0.75% of net income for
fiscal year 2001 (which discretionary amount is expected to be
approximately $600,000 to $700,000) to Management Incentive Plan
participants, which could include one or more executive officers.


Mr. Hanneman’s incentive compensation award under the
2001 Executive Management Incentive Plan is based on one or more
of three criteria established by the human resources committee
of the Del Webb board of directors: (1) after-tax net
earnings, (2) return on invested capital percentage and
(3) Del Webb’s ranking within its peer group for
return on equity.
Based upon these criteria, the maximum
incentive compensation award that can be made to
Mr. Hanneman is the lesser of $3,000,000 or 1.75% of
pre-tax, pre-incentive earnings.
The committee has discretion to
reduce or eliminate the amount of Mr. Hanneman’s
incentive compensation award on the basis of subjective factors
that the committee determines to be appropriate.


Incentive compensation awards for fiscal year 2001 have not yet
been determined but are expected to be approximately equal to or
higher than incentive compensation awards for prior years due to
Del Webb’s improved financial performance.


Regulatory Clearances and Approvals

Pulte and Del Webb cannot complete the merger until they give
notification and furnish information to the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice and observe a statutory waiting period requirement.

Pulte and Del Webb filed the required notification and report
forms with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division on
[               ],
 2001, and the waiting period [was terminated] on
[               ],
 2001.
At any time before or after the effective time of the
merger, and notwithstanding that the waiting period has
terminated or the merger may have been completed, the Federal
Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division or any state could take
any action under the applicable antitrust or competition laws as
it deems necessary or desirable.
Private parties may also
institute legal actions under the antitrust laws under some
circumstances.


No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights

Del Webb stockholders and Pulte shareholders are not entitled to
dissenters’ or appraisal rights in connection with the
merger.


New York Stock Exchange Listing

Both Pulte common shares and Del Webb common stock are listed on
the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result of the merger, Del Webb
common stock will be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange
and will no longer have an active trading market.
It is
expected, and is a condition to the consummation of the merger,
that the Pulte common shares that will be issued to Del Webb
stockholders in the merger will be listed on the New York Stock
Exchange.


Debt Financing

Immediately after the completion of the merger, Pulte intends to
cause Del Webb to call approximately $100 million of
publicly held Del Webb debt pursuant to its terms.
Also, as a
result of the merger, the holders of an additional approximately
$600 million of publicly held Del Webb debt will be
entitled to require Del Webb to repurchase that debt within
approximately 30 days after the merger is completed.
With
respect to any of such debt which the holders do not require Del
Webb to repurchase, Pulte intends to cause Del Webb to call the
debt as soon as is possible pursuant to its terms.
In addition,
as a result of the merger, the outstanding balances under Del
Webb’s principal credit agreement will become due.
On
            ,
 2001, the outstanding balance under this credit agreement was
$[               ]
 million.


Pulte expects to receive commitments from financial institutions
which Pulte believes will provide, together with its existing
credit facilities, sufficient funds for Del Webb to use to
refinance the foregoing indebtedness and for Pulte to use for
merger related purposes, including transaction costs, and for
its (including Del Webb’s) ongoing operating and general
corporate needs.


Under its credit facilities, Pulte will be required to cause Del
Webb to guarantee such indebtedness.
In exchange for such
guarantee, Pulte intends to guarantee Del Webb’s remaining
outstanding indebtedness after the contemplated transactions
above, as permitted under Pulte’s existing indebtedness.


Forward-Looking Statements

As a cautionary note, certain matters discussed in this section
and the sections captioned “Questions and Answers About the
Merger” and “Summary” are
“forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Such matters
involve risks and uncertainties, including exposure to certain
market risks, changes in economic conditions, tax and interest
rates, increases in raw material and labor costs, issues and
timing surrounding land entitlement and development, weather
conditions, general competitive factors and other conditions set
forth in Pulte’s Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2000, and its other filings made with the
Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time and Del
Webb’s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
2000, and its other filings made with the Securities and
Exchange Commission from time to time.
Such risks and
uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

This section is a summary of the material terms of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex I to this Joint
Proxy Statement/ Prospectus.
The following description does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the merger agreement.
Pulte shareholders and Del
Webb stockholders should refer to the full text of the merger
agreement for details of the merger and the terms and conditions
of the merger agreement.


General

The merger agreement provides the legal framework for
Pulte’s acquisition of the outstanding shares of Del Webb
common stock through a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of
Pulte into Del Webb.
It covers, among other things:

• 

	the effective time and effects of the merger;

• 

	what Del Webb stockholders will receive;

• 

	the treatment of outstanding Del Webb options and restricted
	stock;

• 

	representations and warranties of the parties;

• 

	agreements as to what the parties must do and not do prior to
	the effective time of the merger;

• 

	conditions that must be fulfilled before each party is obligated
	to complete the merger; and

• 

	the circumstances under which the merger agreement may be
	terminated and the effect of termination.


The following sections briefly summarize each of the above
categories.
For a more complete understanding of the contents of
the merger agreement, please see the merger agreement itself,
which is attached to this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus as
Annex I and is incorporated into this document by reference.


Effective Time

The merger will become effective when a certificate of merger is
filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
This is expected
to occur on the first business day after the day on which all
the conditions to the obligations of the parties specified in
the merger agreement are fulfilled, but the day may be changed
by the parties.
It is likely the last substantive condition to
be fulfilled will be obtaining the votes at the shareholder
meetings that are the subject of this Joint Proxy Statement/
Prospectus.
Therefore, it is likely that the latest time at
which the merger will be effective will be on the first business
day after the day on which the Pulte and Del Webb shareholders
meetings are held.
At the effective time of the merger, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Pulte will be merged with and into Del Webb,
and the separate corporate existence of the Pulte subsidiary
will terminate.
Del Webb will be the surviving corporation in
the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pulte.


Corporation Organization and Governance

After the merger, the Certificate of Incorporation of Del Webb
will become the Certificate of Incorporation of the surviving
corporation and the By-Laws of the Pulte subsidiary will become
the By-Laws of the surviving corporation.


The directors of Pulte Acquisition Corporation will, upon
completion of the merger, become the directors of the surviving
corporation until their respective successors are elected and
qualified or until their earlier removal or resignation in
accordance with the By-Laws of the surviving corporation.
The
officers of Del Webb will, upon completion of the merger, become
the officers of the surviving corporation until their respective
successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier
removal or resignation in accordance with the By-Laws of the
surviving corporation.


The Pulte board of directors has agreed to elect to the Pulte
board, upon completion of the merger, three persons designated
by Del Webb to serve until the next annual meeting of Pulte
shareholders.
Pulte has also agreed to cause two of the Del Webb
designees to be nominated for election to the Pulte board at
Pulte’s next annual shareholder meeting, one in the class
the term of which expires in 2003 and the other in the class the
term of which expires in 2004.


Exchange of Shares

If the merger is completed, each outstanding share of Del Webb
common stock will be converted into Pulte common shares.
The
exact number of Pulte common shares a Del Webb stockholder will
receive will be based on the average last sale price of Pulte
common shares for the 15 trading days ending on, and including,
the third trading day prior to the Del Webb special meeting.
The
following table shows the number of Pulte common shares that a
Del Webb Stockholder will receive for each share of Del Webb
common stock, based on the average last sale price of Pulte
common shares:


Average Last Sale Price

Pulte Common Shares

of a Pulte Common Share

Issued for Each Del Webb Share

$45.04 or higher

0.866 shares

$39.00 to $45.03

Fraction of a share having a

calculated value (using the

average last sale price) of $39.00

$33.00 to $38.99

1.0 share

$30.00 to $32.99

Shares having a calculated value (using the
	average last sale price)

of $33.00

Less than $30.00

1.1 shares

In the event that the average last sale price of a Pulte common
share is less than $27.00, Del Webb may terminate the merger
agreement.
The market value of the Pulte common shares that a
Del Webb stockholder receives upon completion of the merger may
be greater or less than the calculated value.


No fractional Pulte common shares will be issued as merger
consideration.
Instead, any fractional share that would be
issued will be converted into cash equal to the last sale price
of Pulte common shares on the date of the merger multiplied by
the fraction of a share that would otherwise be issued.


Promptly after the merger is completed, Del Webb will cause each
record holder of Del Webb common stock to be mailed instructions
and a letter of transmittal for exchanging their Del Webb stock
certificates for Pulte share certificates.
In order to receive
Pulte share certificates, a holder of Del Webb stock
certificates will have to complete and sign the letter of
transmittal and return it, together with such holder’s Del
Webb stock certificates, pursuant to the instructions provided.


Del Webb Stock Options and Restricted Stock

Each option to purchase Del Webb common stock which is
outstanding upon the completion of the merger will accelerate
and vest and, at the election of the holder, will become a right
to receive cash equal to the calculated value of the Pulte
common shares (based on the average last sale price as described
in the section captioned “The Merger Agreement —
Exchange of Shares”) which would be issued in the merger
for each share of Del Webb common stock, less the per share
exercise price of the option, multiplied by the number of shares
of Del Webb common stock issuable upon exercise of the option
or, if the holder does not so elect, will be converted into an
option to acquire Pulte common shares.


If a holder elects to receive cash, the holder must deliver to
Del Webb prior to the date of the Del Webb special meeting
(1) any certificate or option agreement relating to the
option and (2) a document in which the holder acknowledges
that the payment the holder is receiving is in full satisfaction
of any right the holder may have under or with regard to the
option.


If the holder does not elect to receive cash, an option to
purchase Del Webb common stock will, upon completion of the
merger, be converted into an immediately exercisable option to
acquire Pulte common shares on the same terms and conditions as
otherwise applied to the option prior to the completion of the
merger.
Each converted option will be exercisable for the number
of Pulte common shares determined by multiplying the number of
shares of Del Webb common stock subject to the option prior to
the completion of the merger by the exchange ratio, rounded to
the nearest whole Pulte common share, if necessary.
The exercise
price for a converted option after the completion of the merger
will be the per share exercise price of the option divided by
the exchange ratio.
The exchange ratio is the number of Pulte
common shares that each share of Del Webb common stock would be
converted into as a result of the merger.


Upon completion of the merger, Del Webb restricted stock will
accelerate and vest in accordance with its terms.


Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains, subject to specified exceptions
and qualifications, representations and warranties customary in
transactions of this type for each of Pulte and Del Webb,
including representations and warranties with regard to the
following:

• 

	organization, standing and similar corporate matters;

• 

	requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the merger
	agreement and carry out the contemplated transactions;

• 

	absence of conflicts with charter documents or laws, rules,
	orders or regulations of governmental entities in relation to
	the merger agreement and the contemplated transactions;

• 

	consents and approvals required for the merger;

• 

	board approval and required stockholder vote to approve the
	merger;

• 

	capital structure;

• 

	absence of voting debt;

• 

	subsidiaries;

• 

	filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and accuracy
	of information presented in such filings and financial
	statements;

• 

	conduct of business and absence of any recent material change or
	event;

• 

	compliance with applicable laws;

• 

	licenses and permits necessary to conduct business;

• 

	tax matters;

• 

	environmental matters;

• 

	opinions from financial advisors;

• 

	absence of undisclosed pending, threatened or material
	litigation;

• 

	intellectual property matters;

• 

	employee relations and other labor-related matters;

• 

	real property matters;

• 

	noncontravention of agreements;

• 

	absence of undisclosed liabilities;

• 

	absence of noncompete limitations;

• 

	employee benefit plans and other employee-related matters;

• 

	absence of certain business practices; and

• 

	absence of undisclosed brokers.


Del Webb, individually, made a representation relating to
severance payments.
Pulte, individually, made a representation
acknowledging that certain executives of Del Webb are entitled
to payments under their respective employment or severance
agreements.
The representations and warranties will not be a
basis for claims after the completion of the merger.


Actions of Del Webb and Pulte Prior to the Merger

The merger agreement contains covenants with respect to the
conduct of the businesses of Pulte and Del Webb between the date
of the merger agreement and completion of the merger.


Both Parties.  

Pulte and Del Webb and their
respective subsidiaries will, subject to specified exceptions
and qualifications or as consented to by the other party:

• 

	operate its business in the ordinary course in all material
	respects and in a manner consistent with its operation at the
	date of the merger agreement;

• 

	take reasonable steps to maintain the goodwill of its business,
	the continued employment of its executives and other employees
	and to maintain good relationships with the vendors, suppliers,
	contractors and others with which it does business;

• 

	maintain all its assets in good repair and condition and
	maintain its insurance policies;

• 

	not redeem or purchase any of its stock or any securities
	convertible into or exercisable for any shares of capital stock
	and not declare or pay any dividends (other than Pulte’s
	regular quarterly dividend not in excess of $0.04 per share) or
	make any other distributions or repayments of debt to its
	shareholders;

• 

	not make any loans or advances to stockholders, directors,
	officers or employees;

• 

	maintain its books of account and records in the usual manner;

• 

	comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and
	regulations of governmental agencies;

• 

	not enter into or amend any employment or severance agreement,
	or increase the salaries or benefits of any employees, other
	than through normal annual increases and promotions;

• 

	not amend its charter documents;

• 

	not split, combine, or reclassify its outstanding stock;

• 

	not knowingly take any action that would prevent the merger from
	qualifying as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
	Internal Revenue Code;

• 

	use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the merger to
	qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
	Internal Revenue Code;

• 

	file all tax returns and not knowingly make or change any
	material tax election or position;

• 

	make any required Hart-Scott-Rodino Act filings, provide
	information to assist the other in making its required
	Hart-Scott-Rodino Act filings and take all reasonable steps to
	cause the waiting periods to terminate or expire as promptly as
	practicable;

• 

	convene a special meeting of its shareholders to vote on the
	respective proposals not later than 45 days after this
	Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus becomes effective and solicit
	from its shareholders proxies or votes in favor of adoption of
	the respective proposals;

• 

	not take any action which prevents its shareholders from voting
	upon the respective proposals, other than terminating the merger
	agreement if such party is entitled to do so in accordance with
	the terms of the merger agreement;

• 

	confer with representatives of the other party and give prompt
	notice to the other of allegations of third party consents
	required for the merger, any governmental complaint or
	investigation or other events which may impair the ability to
	complete the merger or would or could make any representation or
	warranty in the merger agreement untrue;

• 

	use commercially reasonable efforts to take any additional
	actions necessary to complete the merger as promptly as
	practicable, including making governmental filings, obtaining
	consents and furnishing the other with correspondence from
	governmental authorities;

• 

	use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all the conditions
	in the merger agreement to be fulfilled on or before completion
	of the merger; and

• 

	give representatives of the other party access to its books,
	records and properties.


Del Webb.  

In addition, Del Webb and its
subsidiaries will, subject to specified exceptions and
qualifications or as consented to by Pulte:

• 

	not make any borrowings other than in the ordinary course of
	business under working capital lines or Del Webb’s credit
	agreement;

• 

	not enter into any contractual commitments (other than Del
	Webb’s credit agreement) for capital expenditures, loans or
	advances, and not voluntarily incur any contingent liabilities,
	except those not exceeding $55,000,000 in the aggregate;

• 

	not purchase, sell or otherwise dispose of or encumber any
	property or assets, or engage in any activities or transactions,
	except for transactions involving amounts not exceeding
	$55,000,000 in the aggregate;

• 

	not adopt or amend any employee compensation, employee benefit
	or post-employment benefit plan;

• 

	not issue or sell any of its stock or any options, warrants or
	convertible or exchangeable securities; and

• 

	deliver to Pulte a letter identifying all persons who may be
	deemed “affiliates” of Del Webb for purposes of
	Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1934 and use
	reasonable best efforts to cause such persons to execute and
	deliver to Pulte an affiliate agreement.


Pulte.  

In addition, Pulte and its subsidiaries
will, subject to specified exceptions and qualifications or as
consented to by Del Webb:

• 

	not make any borrowings other than in the ordinary course of
	business under working capital lines or Pulte’s credit
	agreement; enter into any contractual commitments (other than
	the Pulte credit agreement) for capital expenditures, loans or
	advances, and not voluntarily incur any contingent liabilities,
	except in each case in the ordinary course of business;
	purchase, sell or otherwise dispose of or encumber any property
	or assets, or engage in any activities or transactions, except
	in the ordinary course of business; or issue or sell any of its
	stock or any options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable
	securities; in each case if such actions would impede, delay or
	prevent the consummation of the merger or any other contemplated
	transactions; and

• 

	prepare, file and use its best efforts, with Del Webb’s
	cooperation, to cause this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus to
	be declared effective.


No Solicitation; Provisions Relating to Transactions With
Third Parties

Del Webb.  
Del Webb and its subsidiaries and their
respective directors, officers, employees and other agents may
not directly or indirectly:

• 

	solicit, initiate, or knowingly facilitate or encourage any
	inquiry, offer or proposal by a third party with respect to, or
	that could reasonably be expected to lead to, an alternative
	acquisition transaction with respect to Del Webb; or

• 

	negotiate or communicate with any third party with respect to
	any possible alternative acquisition transaction with respect to
	Del Webb, or enter into, approve or recommend any agreement,
	arrangement or understanding requiring Del Webb to abandon,
	terminate or otherwise fail to complete the merger or the other
	contemplated transactions.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, Del Webb may respond to an
unsolicited proposal by a third party but only if:

• 

	Del Webb’s board of directors determines in good faith,
	after consultation with its financial advisor, that the third
	party is financially capable of completing the transaction and,
	if completed, that transaction would result in a greater value
	to Del Webb stockholders than the merger and would be more
	favorable to Del Webb and its stockholders than the merger; and

• 

	before furnishing or disclosing any non-public information to,
	or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such third
	party, Del Webb receives from the third party an executed
	confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to Del
	Webb than that executed by Pulte and Del Webb.


Del Webb will:

• 

	no later than the end of the first business day after it
	receives an inquiry, proposal or offer from a third party for,
	or a request for non-public information relating to Del Webb or
	access to the properties, books or records of Del Webb or any of
	its subsidiaries in connection with, a possible alternative
	acquisition transaction, notify Pulte in writing of the inquiry,
	proposal, offer or request and identity of the third party and
	the terms and conditions of the proposal or offer;

• 

	promptly notify Pulte of any determination by Del Webb’s
	board of directors that Del Webb should furnish information to,
	or engage in discussions or negotiations with, any third party;
	and

• 

	keep Pulte informed of the progress of any discussions or
	negotiations with any third party.


Del Webb agreed to cease any discussions with any party other
than Pulte with respect to an alternative acquisition
transaction.


Pulte.  
Pulte and its subsidiaries and their
respective directors, officers, employees and other agents may
not directly or indirectly:

• 

	solicit, initiate, or knowingly facilitate or encourage any
	inquiry, offer or proposal by any third party with respect to,
	or that could reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition
	transaction with respect to Pulte that would impede, delay or
	prevent the completion of the merger; or

• 

	communicate with any third party with respect to any possible
	acquisition transaction with respect to Pulte, or enter into,
	approve or recommend any agreement, arrangement or understanding
	requiring Pulte to abandon, terminate or otherwise fail to
	complete the merger or the other contemplated transactions.


Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

Del Webb.  

The obligations of Del Webb to complete
the merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions:

• 

	the material accuracy of Pulte’s and Pulte Acquisition
	Corporation’s representations and warranties at the time of
	the merger;

• 

	the performance by Pulte and Pulte Acquisition Corporation of
	their obligations under the merger agreement;

• 

	since the date of the merger agreement, the absence of events
	that, individually or in the aggregate, have resulted in or
	would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse
	effect on Pulte (except those attributable to or directly
	resulting from the announcement or the pendency of the merger or
	will result from the merger);

• 

	the receipt of a legal opinion as to the tax-free nature of the
	merger;

• 

	the average last sale price (calculated as described in the
	section captioned “The Merger Agreement —
	Exchange of Shares”) of a Pulte common share is at least
	$27.00; or, if such average price is $27.00 or less, Del Webb
	has not provided notice to Pulte of its irrevocable election to
	terminate the merger agreement; and

• 

	the election of three persons designated by Del Webb and
	reasonably acceptable to Pulte to the Pulte board of directors,
	effective immediately after the completion of the merger.


Pulte and Pulte Acquisition Corporation.  

The
obligations of Pulte and Pulte Acquisition Corporation to
complete the merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver on or
before the completion of the merger of the following conditions:

• 

	the material accuracy of Del Webb’s representations and
	warranties at the time of the merger;

• 

	the performance by Del Webb of its obligations under the merger
	agreement; and

• 

	since the date of the merger agreement, the absence of events
	that, individually or in the aggregate, have resulted in or
	would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse
	effect on Del Webb (except those attributable to or directly
	resulting from the announcement or the pendency of the merger or
	will result from the merger).


Each Party.  

The respective obligation of each party
to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver,
if applicable, of each of the following conditions:

• 

	the absence of any court or governmental order that prohibits
	the merger and the absence of any action pending against the
	parties relating to the merger which has a reasonable likelihood
	of awarding damages that would be material to Pulte after the
	merger;

• 

	the approval of the share issuance by the holders of a majority
	of the Pulte common shares present and entitled to vote at
	Pulte’s special meeting;

• 

	approval of the merger by the holders of a majority of the
	outstanding shares of Del Webb common stock;

• 

	the expiration or termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
	waiting period (and any extensions thereof);

• 

	the listing of Pulte common shares issuable in connection with
	the merger on the New York Stock Exchange; and

• 

	the effectiveness of this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus, the
	absence of any stop order or any pending proceeding seeking a
	stop order, and the compliance with any other federal and
	material state securities laws applicable to the issuance of
	Pulte common shares in connection with the merger.


Termination of the Merger Agreement; Effect of Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated:

• 

	by mutual written consent of Pulte and Del Webb;

• 

	by Pulte or Del Webb if:

• 

	any of the representations and warranties of the other party
	contained in the merger agreement was not complete and accurate
	in all material respects (or that any of those representations
	and warranties which are qualified as to materiality or absence
	of material adverse effect were not true and correct in all
	respects) on the date of the merger agreement;

• 

	the other party has breached in a material respect any covenant
	or agreement contained in the merger agreement and has not cured
	that breach within ten business days after written notice from
	the other party, or upon the completion of the merger, if
	earlier;

• 

	without fault of the terminating party, the merger is not
	completed by September 30, 2001 (this date may be extended
	by mutual consent of the parties);

• 

	any court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental
	authority issues a final, nonappealable order, decree or ruling
	prohibiting the merger;

• 

	the Del Webb stockholders fail to approve and adopt the merger
	agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
	agreement at the Del Webb special meeting or the shareholders of
	Pulte fail to approve the share issuance at the Pulte special
	meeting; or

• 

	the other party’s board of directors withdraws, changes or
	modifies in any manner its recommendation to its stockholders
	with regard to the merger or the share issuance, as applicable;

• 

	by Pulte if Del Webb’s board of directors adopts
	resolutions approving or otherwise authorizing or recommending
	an alternative acquisition proposal with regard to Del Webb; or

• 

	by Del Webb if:

• 

	Pulte’s board of directors adopts resolutions approving or
	otherwise authorizing or recommending an acquisition proposal
	with regard to Pulte that would impede, delay or prevent
	completion of the merger;

• 

	Del Webb’s board of directors, after consultation with its
	legal and financial advisors, has determined in good faith that
	approving and entering into an agreement in connection with a
	third party proposal and consummating such proposal would result
	in a transaction more favorable to its stockholders from a
	financial point of view than the transactions contemplated by
	the merger agreement; provided that (1) Del Webb has
	provided Pulte with at least five business days’ notice of
	such termination and (2) concurrently Del Webb pays Pulte a
	termination fee of $32 million plus Pulte’s
	out-of-pocket expenses up to $5 million; or

• 

	the average last sale price (calculated as described in the
	section captioned “The Merger Agreement —
	Exchange of Shares”) of a Pulte common share is less than
	$27.00 and Del Webb has provided written notice to Pulte of its
	irrevocable election (unless Pulte consents in writing to such
	notice being withdrawn by Del Webb) to terminate the merger
	agreement.


If the shareholders of either party fail to approve the merger
or either of their respective boards of directors changes its
recommendation that its shareholders approve the merger or
adopts resolutions recommending an alternative acquisition
transaction, then that party shall be required to reimburse the
other party for its out-of-pocket expenses up to $5 million.


If the merger is terminated where expenses are payable to Pulte,
and prior to Del Webb’s special meeting an alternative
acquisition proposal with respect to Del Webb has been publicly
announced and within twelve months of the termination of the
merger agreement Del Webb completes or enters into an

agreement with respect to an alternative acquisition proposal
that would result in a transaction more favorable to Del
Webb’s stockholders from a financial point of view than the
merger, Del Webb would be required to pay to Pulte a termination
fee of $32 million.


Amendments

The merger agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing
signed by both Pulte and Del Webb at any time before or after
the merger is approved by the Pulte and Del Webb shareholders.

After the merger is approved, no amendment may be made which, by
law or in accordance with the rules of any relevant stock
exchange, would require further approval by the Pulte and Del
Webb shareholders unless Pulte and Del Webb obtain that approval.


Compensation and Benefits

Pulte has agreed to consult with the senior executives of Del
Webb prior to the effective time of the merger to develop
employee benefit plans that will provide Del Webb’s
employees with benefits substantially the same, in the
aggregate, as those they are currently receiving under Del
Webb’s employee benefit plans and to maintain those plans
for at least one year following the consummation of the merger.


Del Webb Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance and
Indemnification

Pulte and Del Webb will, upon completion of the merger,
indemnify anyone who was a director, officer or employee of Del
Webb or any of its subsidiaries, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, against any liabilities and expenses relating to any
acts or omissions in those capacities at or before the
completion of the merger, to the same extent provided in Del
Webb’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws, or any
indemnification agreements, in effect at the date of the merger
agreement.
Pulte and Del Webb will also pay all reasonable
expenses, including attorney’s fees, incurred by an
indemnified person in enforcing the indemnity obligations of
Pulte and Del Webb.


Pulte will also cause Del Webb to keep Del Webb’s directors
and officers liability insurance policies in effect for six
years after the completion of the merger, provided that Pulte
may substitute policies having the same coverage and amounts and
containing terms no less favorable to the persons currently
covered and with comparable carriers, and neither Pulte nor Del
Webb will be required to pay annual premiums in excess of three
times the annual premium paid by Del Webb during 2001.
If Pulte
and Del Webb cannot maintain the required insurance for an
annual premium of that amount, they will purchase the maximum
coverage which can be obtained for that amount.

DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF PULTE FOLLOWING THE MERGER

Pursuant to the merger agreement, the Pulte board has agreed
that upon completion of the merger, it will appoint three
persons designated by Del Webb to the Pulte board to serve until
the next annual meeting of Pulte shareholders.
Del Webb has
designated three members of its board,
[          ],
[          ]
and
[          ]
to be appointed to the Pulte board.
Information regarding
[          ]
is incorporated by reference to Del Webb’s proxy statement
for its 2000 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is
incorporated into this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus by
reference.
On the record date, the Del Webb directors who will
be appointed to the Pulte board effective as of the completion
of the merger beneficially owned [no] Pulte common shares.
Pulte
also agreed to cause two of the Del Webb designees to be
nominated for election to the Pulte board at Pulte’s next
annual shareholders meeting, one in the class the term of which
expires in 2003 and the other in the class the term of which
expires in 2004.


The executive officers of Pulte will not change as a result of
the merger.
For information regarding the ages and business
backgrounds of the executive officers of Pulte, please refer to
the caption “Directors and Executive Officers of the
Registrant” in Part III of Pulte’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000.
Similar information regarding Pulte’s directors
appears in Pulte’s proxy

statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is
incorporated into this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus by
reference.


VOTING AGREEMENT


In order to induce Del Webb to enter into the merger agreement,
William J. Pulte and certain affiliated family trusts
agreed, pursuant to a voting agreement, to vote all the Pulte
common shares they own in favor of the issuance of Pulte common
shares in connection with the merger and against any action or
agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of Pulte under the merger agreement, or any offer, proposal or
transaction which would impede, delay or prevent the
consummation of the merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.


In addition, William J. Pulte and the trusts agreed,
subject to specified exceptions:

• 

	to vote all Pulte equity securities they own in favor of the
	election of two designees of Del Webb to the Pulte board of
	directors at Pulte’s 2002 annual shareholders meeting;

• 

	not to sell or otherwise transfer their Pulte shares, or enter
	into any agreement to do so, until the completion of the merger
	other than gifts to donees who agree to be bound by the terms of
	the voting agreement;

• 

	not to deposit any of their Pulte shares into a voting trust or
	grant any proxy or enter into any voting arrangement with
	respect to their Pulte shares prior to the completion of the
	merger, other than for the purpose of voting as required by the
	voting agreement;

• 

	not to encourage, solicit or participate in any discussions with
	any third party concerning any proposal or transaction that
	would impede, delay or prevent the consummation of the merger or
	any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

• 

	not to take any action that would interfere with the performance
	of their obligations under the voting agreement or the merger
	agreement, or which would make any of their representations or
	warranties thereunder untrue or incorrect.


On the record date, William J. Pulte and the trusts owned
10,474,755 shares, or approximately 26% of the outstanding Pulte
common shares.


UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
statements give effect to the merger.
The merger will be
accounted for as a purchase of Del Webb by Pulte.
The unaudited
pro forma combined condensed financial statements reflects the
financial position of Pulte and Del Webb as of March 31,
2001, and the operations of Pulte and Del Webb for the three
months and year ended March 31, 2001 and December 31,
2000, respectively.
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed
balance sheet assumes the merger occurred on the date of the
balance sheet.
The unaudited pro forma combined statement of
earnings assumes the merger occurred on January 1, 2000.


The historical financial information about Pulte and Del Webb as
of March 31, 2001, and for the three months and year ended
March 31, 2001, and December 31, 2000, respectively,
has been derived from the Pulte and Del Webb audited and
unaudited financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma combined
condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the accompanying notes and with the historical consolidated
financial statements of Pulte and Del Webb, which are
incorporated into this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus by
reference.


The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
reflect an exchange ratio of 0.907 based on a price of $42.99,
the average last sale price for the 15 trading days prior
to, and including, May 31, 2001.
For purchase accounting
purposes, the assumed Pulte shares issued are valued at $40.40
per share which was the closing price on May 31, 2001.
The
actual exchange ratio and acquisition adjustments will be
determined at or after the completion of the transaction, and
they may differ from those reflected in the unaudited pro forma
combined condensed financial statements.


The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
have been included for comparative purposes only.
As further
discussed in the accompanying notes, the unaudited pro forma
combined condensed financial statements do not purport to show
what the financial position or operating results would have been
if the merger had been consummated as of the dates indicated and
should not be construed as representative of future financial
position or operating results.


PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS

(UNAUDITED)

THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001

Historical

Historical

Del Webb

Pro Forma

Pulte

Corporation

Acquisition

Combined

Homes, Inc.

(1)

Adjustments

Corporation

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenues:


Homebuilding

$

817,320

$

409,469

$

—

$

1,226,789

Financial services, interest and other

14,075

1,359

—

15,434

Corporate

—

—

Total revenues

832,112

410,828

—

1,242,940

Expenses:

Homebuilding, principally cost of sales

751,622

378,169

2,919

(2)

1,135,286

2,576

(3)

Financial services, principally interest and other

8,623

—

9,493

Corporate, net

10,259

1,949

—

12,208

Total expenses

770,504

380,988

5,495

1,156,987

Other income:

Equity in profit of affiliates

2,000

—

—

2,000

Income from continuing operations before income
	taxes

63,608

29,840

(5,495

)

87,953

Income taxes

24,489

8,742

(2,116

)(4)

31,115

Income from continuing operations

$

39,119

$

21,098

$

(3,379

)

$

56,838

Earnings per share (from continuing operations):

Basic

$

0.94

$

1.13

$

0.96

Diluted

$

0.91

$

1.10

$

0.94

Weighted average shares outstanding:

Basic

41,795

18,607

59,040

(5)

Diluted

42,999

19,182

60,244

(5)

(1) 

	Amounts have been reclassified to conform to Pulte’s
	business segment presentation, as follows:

• 

	reclassified certain revenues between homebuilding, financial
	services and as a component of homebuilding expenses; and

• 

	reclassified certain expenses to financial services and
	corporate, net.

(2) 

	To reflect the effect on cost of sales due to the assumed
	reduction to house and land inventories of $201,477 to estimated
	fair value based on a projected discounted cash flow.
The
	allocation of the valuation adjustment for the land inventories
	was determined on a relative sales value approach on an
	individual project basis.
The remainder of the land valuation
	adjustment will be reflected in earnings over the remaining life
	of each project which range from two to twenty years.


(3) 

	To adjust depreciation by $439 and to record the amortization of
	certain trademarks and trade names of $2,137.
Fixed assets are
	being depreciated principally over five years and trademarks and
	trade names are being amortized over twenty years.
No
	amortization of the estimated excess of purchase price over the
	net assets would be required for goodwill created after
	June 30, 2001, under the Financial Accounting Standards
	Board’s revised Exposure Draft, 
Business Combinations
	and Intangible Assets — Accounting for Goodwill

	which is expected to be finalized during the third quarter of
	2001.
If the estimated excess of purchase price over the net
	assets of $257,693 were to be amortized on a straight line basis
	over a twenty year period, the quarterly charge would be $3,221.


(4) 

	To record the tax effect of the acquisition adjustments at
	Pulte’s estimated effective tax rate of 38.5%.


(5) 

	The pro forma weighted average shares represent the weighted
	average shares for Pulte plus the estimated shares to be issued
	assuming an exchange ratio of 0.907 (approximately 17,245
	shares) to Del Webb stockholders in connection with the merger.
	
This exchange ratio is based on the average last sale price for
	the 15 trading days prior to, and including, May 31, 2001.
	
The actual number of Pulte shares to be issued and the value per
	share will be determined as discussed in the section captioned
	“Summary-The Merger Consideration.”
The following
	table reflects the shares that would be issued and the
	respective diluted earnings per share at the following exchange
	ratios:

Diluted

Exchange

Shares to be

Earnings Per

Ratio

Issued

Share

0.866

16,466

$

0.96

1.000

19,014

0.92

1.100

20,915

0.89

PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS

(UNAUDITED)

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

Historical

Historical

Pro Forma

Pulte

Del Webb

Acquisition

Combined

Homes, Inc.

Corporation(1)


Adjustments

Corporation

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenues:


Homebuilding

$

4,110,975

$

1,891,100

$

—

$

6,002,075

Financial services, interest and other

47,443

5,066

—

52,509

Corporate

—

—

Total revenues

4,159,051

1,896,166

—

6,055,217

Expenses:

Homebuilding, principally cost of sales

3,724,047

1,755,952

17,249

(2)

5,507,552

10,304

(3)

Financial services, principally interest and other

28,434

3,777

—

32,211

Corporate, net

56,929

8,613

28,155

(4)

93,697

Total expenses

3,809,410

1,768,342

55,708

5,633,460

Other income:

Equity in profit of affiliates

5,455

—

—

5,455

Income from continuing operations before income
	taxes

355,096

127,824

(55,708

)

427,212

Income taxes

136,712

42,017

(21,447

)(5)

157,282

Income from continuing operations

$

218,384

$

85,807

$

(34,261

)

$

269,930

Earnings per share (from continuing operations):

Basic

$

5.29

$

4.67

$

4.61

Diluted

$

5.18

$

4.62

$

4.54

Weighted average shares outstanding:

Basic

41,310

18,377

58,555

(6)

Diluted

42,146

18,589

59,391

(6)

(1) 

	Amounts have been reclassified to conform to Pulte’s
	business segment presentation, as follows:

• 

	reclassified certain revenues between homebuilding, financial
	services and as a component of homebuilding expenses; and

• 

	reclassified certain expenses to financial services and
	corporate, net.

(2) 

	To reflect the effect on cost of sales due to the assumed
	reduction to house and land inventories of $201,477 to estimated
	fair value based on a projected discounted cash flow.
The
	allocation of the valuation adjustment for the land inventories
	was determined on a relative sales value approach on an
	individual project basis.
The house inventories adjustment
	includes a one-time charge of $11,576 for the estimated
	construction profit in purchased house inventories.
The
	remainder of the land valuation adjustment will be reflected in
	earnings over the remaining life of each project which range
	from two to twenty years.


(3) 

	To adjust depreciation by $1,754 and to record the amortization
	of certain trademarks and trade names of $8,550.
Fixed assets
	are being depreciated principally over five years and trademarks
	and trade names are being amortized over twenty years.
No
	amortization of the estimated excess of purchase price over the
	net assets would be required for goodwill created after
	June 30, 2001, under the Financial Accounting Standards
	Board’s revised Exposure Draft, 
Business Combinations
	and Intangible Assets — Accounting for Goodwill

which is expected to be finalized during the third quarter
	of 2001.
If the estimated excess of purchase price over the net
	assets of $257,693 were to be amortized on a straight line basis
	over a twenty year period, the annual charge would be $12,885.


(4) 

	To record the amortization of certain noncompete agreements of
	$23,355 and certain consulting arrangements of $4,800, all of
	which have a one year life.


(5) 

	To record the tax effect of the acquisition adjustments at
	Pulte’s estimated effective tax rate of 38.5%.


(6) 

	The pro forma weighted average shares represent the weighted
	average shares for Pulte plus the estimated shares to be issued
	assuming an exchange ratio of 0.907 (approximately 17,245
	shares) to Del Webb stockholders in connection with the merger.
	
This exchange ratio is based on the average last sale price for
	the 15 trading days prior to, and including, May 31, 2001.
	
The actual number of Pulte shares to be issued and the value per
	share will be determined as discussed in the section captioned
	“Summary — The Merger Consideration.”
The
	following table reflects the shares that would be issued and the
	respective diluted earnings per share at the following exchange
	rates:

Diluted

Exchange

Shares to be

Earnings Per

Ratio

Issued

Share

0.866

16,466

$

4.61

1.000

19,014

4.41

1.100

20,915

4.28

PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

(UNAUDITED)

MARCH 31, 2001

Historical

Historical

Del Webb

Acquisition

Pro Forma

Pulte

Corporation

Adjustments

Combined

Homes, Inc.

(1)

(2)

Corporation

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Assets

Cash and equivalents

$

199,343

$

4,128

$

30,000

(8)

$

199,061

(34,410

)(10)


Unfunded settlements

46,200

2,097

—

48,297

House and land inventories

2,049,248

1,727,212

(201,477

)(3)

3,574,983

Residential mortgage loans available-for-sale

220,108

27,617

—

247,725

Goodwill

27,908

7,861

(7,861

)(4)

285,601

257,693

(5)

Other assets

457,340

276,056

205,120

(4)

938,516

Deferred income taxes

42,764

(64,224

)

49,597

(6)

28,137

Total assets

$

3,042,911

$

1,980,747

$

298,662

$

5,322,320

Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

$

650,458

$

386,692

$

72,279

(7)

$

1,109,429

Collateralized short-term debt, recourse solely
	to applicable subsidiary assets

209,830

9,998

—

219,828

Unsecured short-term borrowings

—

293,848

(170,000

)(8)

123,848

Income taxes

5,693

—

6,468

Subordinated debentures and senior notes

886,237

738,386

200,000

(8)

1,870,417

45,794

(9)

Total liabilities

1,747,300

1,434,617

148,073

3,329,990

Shareholders’ equity

1,295,611

546,130

150,589

(10)

1,992,330

$

3,042,911

$

1,980,747

$

298,662

$

5,322,320

(1) 

	Amounts have been reclassified to conform to Pulte’s
	historical presentation including unfunded settlements,
	residential mortgage loans available-for-sale, deferred income
	taxes and unsecured short-term borrowings.


(2) 

	Represents preliminary purchase adjustments to reflect fair
	value of the assets and liabilities of Del Webb as if the
	acquisition had occurred on March 31, 2001.
Actual purchase
	adjustments will be based on fair value of the assets and
	liabilities of Del Webb at the time of the consummation.
In
	addition, the historical net assets of Del Webb will increase by
	the amount of its net earnings from March 31, 2001, through
	the time of the consummation of the acquisition.


(3) 

	To adjust house and land inventories of Del Webb to estimated
	fair values based on projected discounted cash flows on an
	individual project basis, considering the long term land
	positions and related market risks.
The same projected cash
	flows on an undiscounted basis would not be indicative of any
	impairment of the Del Webb historical carrying value of such
	properties.
Accordingly, no adjustment to the land carrying
	values would be required under generally accepted accounting
	principles to the historical financial statements of Del Webb.

(4) 

	To increase the value of fixed assets by $5,965, to record the
	value of certain trademarks and trade names of Del Webb at
	$171,000, to record the value of certain noncompete and
	consulting arrangements at $28,155, and to write off goodwill of
	$7,861.


(5) 

	To record the estimated purchase price in excess of identifiable
	net assets acquired.
The estimated purchase price in excess of
	net assets acquired was calculated as follows:

Estimated Purchase Price:

Total estimated purchase price including value of
	Pulte shares issued, cash payments and estimated transaction
	costs

$

787,862

Estimated assets acquired

$

1,997,971

Estimated liabilities acquired

1,467,802

Estimated net assets acquired

530,169

Estimated excess of purchase price over
	identifiable net assets acquired

$

257,693

(6) 

	To record the deferred tax effect related to the above
	preliminary purchase adjustments.


(7) 

	To record severance and noncompete related liabilities of
	$59,888 and estimated transaction costs of $25,000, and to write
	off $12,609 of deferred income.


(8) 

	To record $300,000 of new debt to refinance $100,000 of Del
	Webb’s unsecured senior subordinated debentures and
	$170,000 of Del Webb’s unsecured short-term borrowings.


(9) 

	To adjust the Del Webb unsecured senior subordinated debentures
	to the estimated fair value by $45,794 based on Pulte’s
	anticipated interest rate.


(10) 

	To eliminate Del Webb’s shareholders’ equity of
	$546,130, to record the payment of cash of $34,410 for the Del
	Webb stock options (assuming all holders elect to receive cash),
	and to record the issuance of 17,245 shares of Pulte stock,
	valued for purchase accounting purposes at $696,719 based on a
	price of $40.40 which is the closing price on May 31, 2001.
	
The number of Pulte shares assumed to be issued reflects an
	exchange ratio of 0.907 based on a price of $42.99, the average
	last sale price for the 15 days prior to, and including,
	May 31, 2001.
The actual exchange ratio and value of shares
	exchanged will be based on the average last sale price of Pulte
	common shares for the 15 trading days ending on, and
	including, the third trading day prior to the special meeting of
	Del Webb stockholders.


COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

If the merger is completed, holders of Del Webb common stock
will become holders of Pulte common shares.
The Articles of
Incorporation and By-Laws of Pulte will govern the rights of all
of Pulte’s shareholders, including the former Del Webb
stockholders.
The current rights of Del Webb stockholders differ
in certain respects from the rights of Pulte shareholders.
The
following is a summary of the material differences in the rights
of shareholders of Pulte and Del Webb.
Unless otherwise noted,
the rights of Pulte shareholders are the same as those of Del
Webb stockholders.


Pulte Shareholders

Del Webb Stockholders

Governing Law

The Michigan Business Corporation Act (the
	“MBCA”)

The Delaware
	General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”)

Capitalization

Pulte has authority
	to issue a total of 125,000,000 shares of capital stock,
	consisting of:

	     • 100,000,000 common
	shares, par value $.01, and

	     • 25,000,000 preferred
	shares, par value $.01.


Del Webb has
	authority to issue a total of 40,000,000 shares of capital
	stock, consisting of:

	     • 30,000,000 shares of
	common stock, par value $.001, and

	     • 10,000,000 shares of
	preferred stock, par value $.001.


Sale, Lease or Exchange of Assets and Mergers

The MBCA requires
	approval of a merger by the holders of a majority of the
	outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to vote on the
	plan of merger and, if a class or series is entitled to vote on
	the plan as a class, the affirmative vote of a majority of these
	shareholders as well.

	     
For a sale, lease or exchange of
	all or substantially all of a corporation’s property in the
	usual and regular course of its business, the MBCA does not
	require shareholder approval.
However, where such a sale, lease
	or exchange is not in the usual and the regular course of
	business, the MBCA requires approval by holders of a majority of
	the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to vote.


The DGCL requires
	the approval of the directors and the vote of holders of a
	majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on the sale,
	lease or exchange of all or substantially all of a
	corporation’s property and assets, or a merger or
	consolidation of the corporation into any other corporation.


Interested Shareholder Business Combinations

Pulte has elected,
	by its articles, not to be governed by Chapter 7A of the
	Michigan Business Corporation Act, which restricts the ability
	of certain persons to acquire control of a corporation.

	     
Pulte’s Articles of
	Incorporation provide that the affirmative vote of at least
	69.3% of the shares voting on a proposed business combination at
	a shareholders’ meeting shall be required for the:

	     1. merger or consolidation
	with a person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, ten
	percent or more of the voting power of outstanding Pulte stock,
	or an affiliate of Pulte who, within two years prior to the date
	in question, has owned, directly or indirectly, ten percent or
	more of the voting power of outstanding Pulte stock (in either
	case, “an Interested Shareholder”) or another
	corporation, which is, or after the merger or consolidation,
	would be an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder that was an
	Interested Shareholder prior to the transaction;

	     2. sale, lease, transfer, or
	other disposition of Pulte’s assets (equaling at least 10%
	of the aggregate net worth of the corporation) to an Interested
	Shareholder or an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder out of
	the ordinary course of business;

	     3. issuance or transfer of
	equity securities totaling more than 5% of the total market
	value of outstanding shares to an Interested Shareholder or an
	affiliate of an Interested Shareholder in any twelve- month
	period, except exercise of warrants or rights to purchase
	securities offered pro rata to all shareholders;

	     4. adoption of any plan for
	dissolution or liquidation by or on behalf of an Interested
	Shareholder or an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder;

The DGCL provides
	that, subject to certain restrictions, if a person acquires 15%
	or more of the stock of a Delaware corporation without the
	approval of the corporation’s board (thereby becoming an
	“Interested Stockholder”) such person may not engage
	in certain transactions with the corporation for a period of
	three years.

	     
The DGCL includes certain
	exceptions to this prohibition; for example, if the board of
	directors approves the acquisition of stock or the transaction
	prior to the time that the person became an Interested
	Stockholder, or if the Interested Stockholder acquires 85% of
	the voting stock of the corporation (excluding voting stock
	owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee
	stock plans) in one transaction, or if the transaction is
	approved by the board and by the affirmative vote of two-thirds
	of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the
	Interested Stockholder.

	     
Del Webb also may be subject to
	the Arizona Corporate Takeovers statute, Business Combinations
	(Sections 10-2741 through 10-2743).


5. any
	reclassification of securities which has the effect of
	increasing the amount of outstanding shares of any class
	directly or indirectly held by any Interested Shareholder or any
	affiliate of an Interested Shareholder.

	     
This consent is not required
	if:

	     1. 
the board of directors has
	approved the business combination and either

	        a. the
	Interested Shareholder has been an Interested Shareholder
	continuously for a period of at least two years prior to the
	date on which the board of directors approved such business
	combination or

	        b. such
	proposed transaction was approved by the board of directors
	prior to the time that the Interested Shareholder became an
	Interested Shareholder; or

	     2. a majority of the
	outstanding shares of stock of such other corporation is owned
	of record or beneficially, directly or indirectly, by Pulte or
	its subsidiaries.

	     
The provisions of Pulte’s
	articles requiring a super majority vote for business
	combinations may not be altered, amended, changed or repealed
	and no provision inconsistent with the intent or purpose of such
	provisions may be adopted without the affirmative vote of 69.3%
	of the shares voting at a meeting of shareholders, in addition
	to the vote otherwise required by the MBCA.


Control Share Acquisition

Under
	Chapter 7B of the MBCA, an entity that acquires Control
	Shares (as defined below) of a corporation in a control share
	acquisition may vote the Control Shares on any matter only if a
	majority of all shares, and of all non-Interested Shares (as
	defined below), of each class of shares entitled to vote as a
	class approve such voting rights.

	     
Interested Shares are shares owned
	by officers of a corporation, employee-directors of a
	corporation and the entity making the control share
	acquisition.

	     
Control Shares are shares, that,
	when added to shares already owned by the entity, would give the
	entity voting power in the election of directors over any of
	three thresholds: one-fifth, one-third and a majority.

	     
The effect of the statute is to
	condition the acquisition of voting control of a corporation on
	the approval of a majority of the pre-existing disinterested
	shareholders.


Delaware does not
	have a control share acquisition statute.

	     
Del Webb has opted out of the
	Arizona Corporate Takeovers statute, Control Share Acquisitions
	(Sections 10-2721 through 10-2727).


Number of Directors; Vacancies

Pulte’s board
	may consist of three to fifteen directors.
Currently there are
	nine members of Pulte’s board.
Under the merger agreement,
	it is a condition to the consummation of the merger that three
	persons designated by Del Webb will be added to Pulte’s
	board.

	     
Vacancies on Pulte’s board
	may be filled by a majority vote of Pulte’s board.
A
	director elected by Pulte’s board to fill a vacancy holds
	office until the next meeting of shareholders called for the
	election of directors and until his or her successor is elected
	and qualified.

	     
Newly created directorships
	resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any
	vacancy on the board for any reason whatsoever is filled only by
	an affirmative vote of a majority of the board then in office.
	
If the number of directors then in office is less than a quorum,
	the newly created directorships and vacancies are filled by the
	affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office,
	although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director.


Del Webb’s
	board may consist of nine to twelve directors.
Currently there
	are eleven members of Del Webb’s board.

	     
Vacancies in the board resulting
	from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by the
	affirmative vote of a majority of the board then in office;
	provided that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy
	occurring in the board may be filled by the affirmative vote of
	a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a
	quorum, or by a sole remaining director.

	     
Any director of any class elected
	to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in a class shall
	hold office for a term that coincides with the remaining term of
	that class.
Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting
	from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same
	remaining term as his or her predecessor.


Indemnification of Directors

The MBCA generally
	permits indemnification of directors and officers for damages
	and expenses incurred by them by reason of their position with
	the corporation, if the director or officer has acted in good
	faith with the reasonable belief that his or her conduct was in
	the best interest of the corporation and not unlawful.

	     
The MBCA permits a corporation to
	indemnify persons against judgments in actions brought by or in
	the right of the corporation.


The DGCL generally
	permits indemnification of directors and officers for damages
	and expenses incurred by them by reason of their position with
	the corporation, if the director or officer has acted in good
	faith with the reasonable belief that his or her conduct was in
	the best interest of the corporation and not unlawful.

	     
The DGCL, however, does not permit
	a corporation to indemnify persons against judgments in actions
	brought by or in the right of the corporation unless the
	Delaware Court of Chancery approves the indemnification.


Shareholder Action

Pulte’s
	shareholders may take action by written consent.

	     
The consent must be signed by the
	holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum
	number of votes necessary to authorize or take such action at a
	meeting at which all shares entitled to vote were present and
	voted.

	     
Prompt notice of the taking of
	such action without a meeting by less than unanimous written
	consent shall be given to all shareholders.


Del Webb’s
	stockholders may only act by vote at a meeting and may not act
	by written consent without a meeting.


Special Shareholder Meetings

Special meetings of
	shareholders may be called by Pulte’s board or its
	President or Secretary.

	     
Under the MBCA, a court in which
	the principal place of business or registered office is located
	may order a special meeting upon the application of the holders
	of not less than ten percent of the outstanding Pulte shares
	entitled to vote at the special meeting, for good cause shown.


Special meetings of
	stockholders, for any purpose, may be called by either Del
	Webb’s Chairman or the President and will be called by
	either such officer at the request, in writing, of a majority of
	the board of directors.


Appraisal Rights

The MBCA allows
	dissenting shareholders to obtain the fair value of their shares
	(so-called “appraisal rights”) by statute for a
	statutory merger, a sale or exchange of all or substantially all
	of the property of the corporation other than in the usual and
	regular course of business and for some amendments to the
	articles of incorporation.


Under the DGCL,
	appraisal rights may be available in connection with a statutory
	merger or consolidation in certain specific situations.

	     
Appraisal rights are not available
	under the DGCL when a corporation is to be the surviving
	corporation and no vote of its stockholders is required to
	approve the merger.


The MBCA does not
	allow appraisal rights where the corporation’s shares are
	listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a
	national market system security on a interdealer quotation
	system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.,
	nor are appraisal rights available in a merger transaction where
	shareholders receive cash or shares that satisfy this standard,
	or a sale or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets
	of the corporation in connection with a dissolution.


In addition, unless
	otherwise provided in the articles, no appraisal rights are
	available under the DGCL to holders of shares of any class of
	stock which is either:

	     a. listed on a national
	securities exchange or designated as national market system
	security on an inter-dealer quotation system by the National
	Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or

	     b. held of record by more
	than 2,000 stockholders,

	unless such stockholders are required by the terms of the merger
	to accept anything other than:

	     1. shares of stock of the
	surviving corporation;

	     2. shares of stock of another
	corporation which are so listed on a national securities
	exchange or designated as a national mark system security on an
	inter-dealer quotation system by the National Association of
	Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000
	stockholders as of the effective date of the merger or
	consolidation;

	     3. cash in lieu of fractional
	shares of such stock; or

	     4. any combination
	thereof.

	     
Appraisal rights are not available
	under the DGCL in the event of sale, lease or exchange of all or
	substantially all of Del Webb’s assets or the adoption of
	an amendment to its articles.


Dividends

Pulte may pay
	dividends to its shareholders unless, after such a distribution,
	it would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the
	usual course of business, or its total assets would be less than
	the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be
	needed to satisfy the dissolution rights of shareholders whose
	preferential rights are superior to those receiving the
	distribution.


Del Webb may pay
	dividends to its stockholders out of surplus or out of net
	profits for the current and/or preceding fiscal year, provided
	that such dividends will not reduce capital below the aggregate
	amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding
	stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution
	of assets.


Share Repurchases

Under the MBCA,
	Pulte may acquire its own shares so long as after the
	acquisition there remains outstanding shares possessing,
	collectively, voting rights and unlimited rights to receive
	assets in dissolution.


Under the DGCL, a
	corporation may generally redeem or repurchase shares of its
	stock if such redemption or repurchase will not impair the
	capital of the corporation.

	     
Del Webb’s By-Laws provide
	that Del Webb shall not, directly or indirectly, purchase or
	agree to purchase any Del Webb equity security of a class which
	is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act
	for more than the average market price of the shares from any
	person or group of persons who is the beneficial owner of more
	than five percent of the aggregate voting power of Del Webb,
	unless:

	     1. the purchase or agreement
	to purchase is approved at a meeting of the stockholders by the
	affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the aggregate
	voting power of all shares entitled to vote, except that no
	outstanding shares of capital stock of Del Webb entitled to vote
	generally in the election of directors that are beneficially
	owned by any person that is the direct or indirect beneficial
	owner of more than five percent of the aggregate voting power of
	Del Webb shall be entitled to vote on the question of such
	approval or

	     2. Del Webb makes an offer of
	at least equal value per share to all holders of shares of the
	same class or series and to all holders of any class or series
	into which the securities may be converted.


UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER


The following is a summary of the United States federal income
tax consequences of the merger that are anticipated to be
material to U.S. holders of Del Webb common stock that exchange
such stock for Pulte common shares pursuant to the merger.
This
summary addresses only such stockholders who hold their Del Webb
common stock as a capital asset and will hold Pulte common
shares received in exchange therefor as a capital asset.
The
following summary is based upon the provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, applicable Treasury
regulations thereunder, judicial decisions and current
administrative rulings, as of the date hereof, all of which are
subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis and upon
assumptions, limitations, representations and covenants,
including those contained in certificates of officers of Del
Webb and Pulte expected to be executed as of the completion of
the merger.
This summary does not address all United States
federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to
particular shareholders in light of their individual
circumstances or to shareholders that are subject to special
rules, such as rules relating to:

• 

	financial institutions;

• 

	tax-exempt organizations;

• 

	insurance companies;

• 

	dealers in securities;

• 

	non-U.S. holders;

• 

	stockholders who hold Del Webb common stock as part of a
	straddle, hedge, or conversion transaction; and

• 

	stockholders who acquired their Del Webb common stock pursuant
	to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as
	compensation.


It is a condition to the obligation of Del Webb to complete the
merger that Del Webb receive an opinion from it counsel,
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, substantially
to the effect that, based upon certain facts, representations,
and assumptions, the merger will constitute a
“reorganization” within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.
The issuance of such opinion is conditioned on, among
other things, the receipt by Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom LLP of representation letters from each
of Pulte and Del Webb, in each case, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom LLP.
The legal opinion will assume the
absence of certain changes in the existing facts and may rely on
assumptions, representations, and covenants made by Del Webb,
Pulte and others, including those contained in certificates of
officers of Del Webb and Pulte.
If any of these factual
assumptions is inaccurate, the tax consequences of the merger
could differ from those described here.
The opinion regarding
the tax-free nature of the merger neither binds the IRS nor
precludes the IRS from adopting a contrary position.
Neither Del
Webb nor Pulte intends to obtain a ruling from the IRS with
respect to the tax consequences of the merger.


For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S.
holder” means a holder of Del Webb common stock that is:

• 

	a citizen or resident of the United States;

• 

	a corporation or partnership created in or organized under the
	law of the United States or any of its political subdivisions;

• 

	an estate the income of which is subject to United States
	federal income taxation regardless of its source; or

• 

	a trust if (1) a United States court is able to exercise
	primary supervision over administration of the trust and one or
	more United States persons have authority to control all
	substantial decisions of the trust or (2) the trust was in
	existence on August 20, 1996 and properly elected to be
	treated as a United States person.


A “non-U.S. holder” is a holder of Del Webb common
stock that is not a U.S. holder.


This discussion is not intended to be a complete analysis or
description of all potential United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
In addition, this discussion does
not address tax consequences which may vary with, or are
contingent on, your individual circumstances.
This discussion,
moreover, does not address any non-income tax or any foreign,
state, or local tax consequences of the merger.
Accordingly, you
are strongly urged to consult with your tax advisor to determine
the particular United States federal, state, local or foreign
income or other tax consequences to you of the merger.


The following summary assumes that the merger will constitute a
“reorganization” within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.


Federal Income Tax Consequences to Del Webb Stockholders


Except as discussed below, you will not recognize gain or loss
for United States federal income tax purposes when you exchange
your Del Webb common stock for Pulte common shares pursuant to
the merger.
The aggregate tax basis of the Pulte common shares
you receive as a result of the merger will be the same as your
aggregate tax basis in the Del Webb common stock you surrender
in the exchange, reduced by the tax basis of any shares of Del
Webb common stock for which you receive cash instead of a
fractional Pulte common share.
The holding period of the Pulte
common shares you receive as a result of the exchange will
include the period during which you held the Del Webb common
stock you exchange in the merger.
You will recognize gain or
loss for United States federal income tax purposes with respect
to the cash you receive instead of a fractional share interest
in Pulte common shares.
Your gain or loss will be measured by
the difference between the amount of cash you receive and the
portion of the tax basis of your shares of Del Webb common stock
that is allocable to such fractional share interest.
This gain
or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be a long-term
capital gain or loss if your shares of Del Webb common stock
have been held for more than one year at the time the merger is
completed.


Federal Income Tax Consequences to Pulte Shareholders

No gain or loss will be recognized for United States federal
income tax purposes by current shareholders of Pulte as a result
of the merger.


Federal Income Tax Consequences to Del Webb, Pulte and Pulte
Acquisition Corporation

None of Del Webb, Pulte or Pulte Acquisition Corporation will
recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax
purposes as a result of the merger.


LEGAL MATTERS


The validity of the Pulte common shares to be issued in
connection with the merger will be passed upon for Pulte by
Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP.


Certain of the tax consequences of the merger to Del Webb
stockholders will be passed upon by Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom LLP.


EXPERTS

Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited
Pulte’s consolidated financial statements and schedule
included in Pulte’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, as set forth in their
report, which is incorporated by reference in this Joint Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus.
The financial statements and schedule are
incorporated by reference in reliance on Ernst & Young
LLP’s report, given on their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.


The consolidated financial statements of Del Webb Corporation
and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2000 and 1999, and for each
of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2000,
have been incorporated

by reference herein and in the registration statement in
reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent certified
public accountants, incorporated herein by reference, and upon
the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.


SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND NOMINEES

A shareholder proposal that is intended to be presented at
Pulte’s annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2002
must be received by Pulte at its principal executive offices, 33
Bloomfield Hills Parkway, Suite 200, Bloomfield Hills,
Michigan 48304, Attention: Secretary, by December 3, 2001,
to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement and proxy
relating to that meeting.
Such proposals should be sent by
certified mail, return receipt requested.


Pulte must receive notice of any proposals of shareholders that
are intended to be presented at Pulte’s 2002 annual meeting
of shareholders, but that are not intended to be considered for
inclusion in Pulte’s proxy statement and proxy related to
that meeting, no later than February 15, 2002, to be
considered timely.
Such proposals should be sent to Pulte’s
Secretary at Pulte’s principal executive offices, 33
Bloomfield Hills Parkway, Suite 200, Bloomfield Hills,
Michigan 48304, by certified mail, return receipt requested.
If
Pulte does not have notice of the matter by that date,
Pulte’s form of proxy in connection with that meeting may
confer discretionary authority to vote on that matter, and the
persons named in Pulte’s form of proxy will vote the shares
represented by such proxies in accordance with their best
judgment.


If the merger is completed, Del Webb will not hold a 2001 annual
meeting of stockholders.
If the 2001 Del Webb annual meeting
were to be held, stockholder proposals were required to have
been received by Del Webb by May 30, 2001.
Proposals to be
presented at the 2001 Del Webb annual meeting that are not
intended for inclusion in the proxy statement must be submitted
in accordance with the applicable provisions of Del Webb’s
By-Laws.


Subject to the requirements contained in Del Webb’s
By-Laws, a stockholder of record may propose the nomination of
someone for director by written notice to the Secretary of Del
Webb.
Such notice must contain specified information concerning
the nominee and the stockholder making the nomination and must
be timely given, as described in Del Webb’s By-Laws.
A
nomination that does not comply with the above procedures will
be disregarded.


WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Pulte and Del Webb each file reports, proxy statements and other
important business and financial information with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.
The public may read and copy any
materials either of us files with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) at the public reference facilities
maintained by the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington,
D.C. 20549, and at the Regional Offices of the commission
located at 7 World Trade Center, New York, New York 10048
and Citicorp Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400,
Chicago, Illinois 60661.
The public may obtain information on
the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330.
The SEC maintains a web site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding registrants (including each of us) that file
electronically with the SEC (including each of us).
The
SEC’s web site can be accessed at http://www.sec.gov.
Del
Webb common stock and Pulte common shares are both listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Reports, proxy statements and
other information we file can also be inspected at the offices
of the NYSE, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.
In
making any requests for information with regard to Pulte, please
note that Pulte’s corporate name changed to “Pulte
Homes, Inc.” from “Pulte Corporation” in
May 2001.


Pulte has filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on
Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of
which this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus is a part, with
respect to the Pulte common shares to be issued to Del Webb
stockholders as a result of the merger.
This Joint Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus does not contain all the information set
forth in that registration statement.
For further

information, please refer to the registration statement, which
may be inspected and copied, or obtained from, the SEC or the
NYSE in the manner described above.


The following documents previously filed by Del Webb with the
SEC under the File Number 1-4785 are incorporated by reference
in this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus:

(a)

	Del Webb’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
	year ended June 30, 2000;

(b)

	Del Webb’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
	fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2000;

(c)

	Del Webb’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
	fiscal quarter ended December  31, 2000;

(d)

	Del Webb’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
	fiscal quarter ended March  31, 2001;

(e)

	Del Webb’s Definitive Proxy Statement dated
	September 22, 2000; and

(f)

	Del Webb’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
	May 2, 2001.


The following documents previously filed by Pulte with the SEC
under the File Number 1-9804 are incorporated by reference
in this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus:

(a)

	Pulte’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
	ended December 31, 2000;

(b)

	Pulte’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
	quarter ended March 31, 2001;

(c)

	Pulte’s Definitive Proxy Statement dated March 31,
	2001;

(d)

	Pulte’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 2,
	2001; and

(e)

	the description of the Pulte common shares contained in
	Pulte’s registration statement filed under Section 12
	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and any amendment or
	report filed for the purpose of updating that description.


All documents filed by Del Webb under Section 13(a), 13(c),
14 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, after the
date of this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus and before the
date of the Del Webb special meeting, are incorporated into this
Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus by reference and will
constitute a part of this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus from
the date they are filed.
All documents filed by Pulte under
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, after the date of this Joint Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus and before the date of the Pulte special
meeting, are incorporated into this Joint Proxy Statement/
Prospectus by reference and will constitute a part of this Joint
Proxy Statement/ Prospectus from the date they are filed.


Del Webb or Pulte will provide each person to whom a copy of
this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus is delivered a copy of
any or all of the information that has been incorporated by
reference in this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus, but not
delivered in this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus.
We will
provide this information by first class mail at no cost within
one business day of written or oral request thereupon addressed
to 33 Bloomfield Hills Parkway, Suite 200, Bloomfield
Hills, MI 48304-2946, Attention: Corporate Secretary (telephone:
(248) 647-2750), in the case of Pulte and 6001 North 24th
Street, Phoenix, AZ 85016-2021, Attention: Corporate Secretary
(telephone: (602) 808-8004), in the case of Del Webb. 

To
ensure timely delivery, we suggest you request the information
at least five business days before the deadline for returning
your proxy card
(          ,
2001).


No one has been authorized to give any information or to make
any representations other than those contained in this Joint
Proxy Statement/ Prospectus in connection with the solicitation
of proxies or the offering of securities made by this Joint
Proxy Statement/ Prospectus.
If given or made, such information
or representations must not be relied upon as having been
authorized by Del Webb, Pulte or any other person on their
behalf.
This Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus does not
constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to
buy, any securities, or the solicitation of a proxy, in any
jurisdiction to or from any person to whom it is not lawful to
make any such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.

Neither the delivery of this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus
nor any distribution of securities to which it relates will
under any circumstances create an implication that there has
been no change in the affairs of Del Webb or Pulte since the
date of this Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus or that the
information in it is correct as of any time subsequent to its
date.


PART II

INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

Item 20.  
Indemnification of Directors and
Officers

Under Sections 561-571 of the Michigan Business Corporation
Act, directors and officers of a Michigan corporation may be
entitled to indemnification by the corporation against
judgments, expenses, fines and amounts paid by the director or
officer in settlement of claims brought against them by third
persons or by or in the right of the corporation if those
directors and officers acted in good faith and in a manner
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best
interests of the corporation or its shareholders.


Pulte’s Articles of Incorporation provide that its
directors shall not be personally liable to Pulte or its
shareholders for monetary damages for breach of the
director’s fiduciary duty.
However, Pulte’s Articles
do not eliminate or limit the liability of a director for any of
the following: (i) a breach of the director’s duty of
loyalty to us or our shareholders; (ii) acts or omissions
not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or
knowing violation of law; (iii) a violation of
Section 551(1) of the Michigan Business Corporation Act;
(iv) a transaction from which the director derived an
improper personal benefit; or (v) an act or omission
occurring before the effective date of the Articles.
In
addition, Pulte’s By-Laws generally provide that, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Pulte shall
indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (whether or not by or in the right of the
corporation), including a shareholders’ derivative action,
by reason of the fact that he is or was a Pulte director,
officer, employee or agent or is or was serving at Pulte’s
request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise.


Pulte has obtained Directors’ and Officers’ liability
insurance.
The policy provides for $25 million in coverage
including prior acts dating to Pulte’s inception and
liabilities under the Securities Act.


Item 21.  
Exhibits

2.1

Plan and Agreement of Merger dated as of
	April 30, 2001, among Del Webb Corporation, Pulte
	Corporation and Pulte Acquisition Corporation (included as
	Annex I to the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus contained
	in this Registration Statement)

3.1

Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of Pulte
	Homes, Inc.

3.2

By-Laws, as amended, of Pulte Homes, Inc.

4.1

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Pulte Homes,
	Inc.

5.1

Opinion of Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP
	regarding the validity of the securities being registered

10.1

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John H. Gleason

10.2

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Anne L. Mariucci

10.3

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Frank D. Pankratz

10.4

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	David G. Schreiner

10.5

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John A. Spencer

10.6

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John H. Gleason

II-1

10.7

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and LeRoy
	Hanneman

10.8

Amendment to Change in Control Agreement, dated
	as of April  30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Robertson C. Jones

10.9

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Anne L. Mariucci

10.10

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Frank D. Pankratz

10.11

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	David G. Schreiner

10.12

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John A. Spencer

10.13

Employment Separation Agreement and Release of
	All Liability, dated May 11, 2001, between Pulte
	Corporation and Robert K. Burgess

10.14

Del Webb Corporation Supplemental Executive
	Retirement Plan No. 1, as amended

10.15

Del Webb Corporation Supplemental Executive
	Retirement Plan No. 2, as amended

23.1

Consent of Ernst & Young LLP

23.2

Consent of KPMG LLP

23.3

Consent of Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP
	(included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this
	Registration Statement)

23.4

Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
	Flom LLP

24.1

Powers of Attorney (included after the signature
	of the Registrant on this Registration Statement)

99.1

Voting Agreement, dated as of April 30,
	2001, by and among Del Webb Corporation, William J. Pulte
	and certain affiliated trusts

99.2

Form of Pulte Homes, Inc.
Proxy Card

99.3

Form of Del Webb Corporation Proxy Card

99.4

Consent of Salomon Smith Barney Inc.

99.5

Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation

Item 22.  
Undertakings

(a) 
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

	(1)  That, for purposes of determining any liability under
	the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s
	annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
	the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that is incorporated by
	reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a
	new registration statement relating to the securities offered
	therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
	be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

	(2)  That prior to any public reoffering of the securities
	registered hereunder through use of a prospectus which is a part
	of this registration statement, by any person or party who is
	deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of
	Rule 145(c), the issuer undertakes that such reoffering
	prospectus will contain the information called for by the
	applicable registration form with respect to reofferings by
	persons who may be deemed underwriters, in addition to the
	information called for by the other Items of the applicable form.

	
(3)  That every prospectus (i) that is filed pursuant
	to paragraph (2) immediately preceding, or (ii) that
	purports to meet the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of
	the Act and is used in connection with an offering of securities
	subject to Rule 415, will be filed as a part of an
	amendment to the registration statement and will not be used
	until such amendment is effective, and that, for purposes

II-2

	of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933,
	each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
	registration statement relating to the securities offered
	therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
	be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.


(b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to respond
to requests for information that is incorporated by reference
into the prospectus pursuant to Items 4, 10(b), 11,
or 13 of this Form, within one business day of receipt of
such request, and to send the incorporated documents by first
class mail to other equally prompt means.
This includes
information contained in documents filed subsequent to the
effective date of the registration statement through the date of
responding to the request.


(c) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to supply
by means of a post-effective amendment all information
concerning a transaction, and the company being acquired
involved therein, that was not the subject of and included in
the registration statement when it became effective.


(d) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the
Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers
and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the
provisions discussed in Item 20 above, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is
against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933
and is, therefor, unenforceable.
In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment
by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director,
officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is
asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered, the registrant
will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of
appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in
the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue.


II-3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the City of Bloomfield Hills, State of Michigan,
on June   , 2001.

	PULTE HOMES, INC.


By: 

	/s/ ROGER A. CREGG

	Roger A. Cregg

	Senior Vice President

	and Chief Financial Officer

Each of the undersigned officers and directors of Pulte Homes,
Inc. does hereby severally constitute and appoint Roger A.
Cregg, Bruce E. Robinson and John R. Stoller, and each
of them acting alone, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and
agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution in
each of them for him and in his name, place and stead, and in
any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments
(including post-effective amendments) to this registration
statement (or any other registration statement for the same
offering that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to
Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933) and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and any applicable securities exchange or securities
self-regulatory body, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to
be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and
purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of
them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do
or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
registration statement has been signed by the following persons
in the capacities indicated and on the dated indicated.


Signature

Title

Date

/s/
WILLIAM J. PULTE

William J. Pulte

Chairman of the Executive and Nominating
	Committee of the Board of Directors

June 7, 2001

/s/
ROBERT K. BURGESS

Robert K. Burgess

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
	Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)

June 7, 2001

/s/
MARK J. O’BRIEN

Mark J. O’Brien

President and Chief Operating Officer

June 7, 2001

/s/
MICHAEL A. O’BRIEN

Michael A. O’Brien

Senior Vice President-

	Corporate Development

June 7, 2001

/s/
ROGER A. CREGG

Roger A. Cregg

Senior Vice President

	and Chief Financial Officer

	(Principal Financial Officer)

June 7, 2001

/s/
VINCENT J. FREES

Vincent J. Frees

Vice President and Controller (Principal 
	Accounting Officer)

June 7, 2001

/s/
DEBRA J. KELLY-ENNIS

Debra J. Kelly-Ennis

Director

June 7, 2001

Signature

Title

Date


/s/
DAVID N. MCCAMMON

David N. McCammon

Director

June 7, 2001

/s/
PATRICK J. O’MEARA

Patrick J. O’Meara

Director

June 7, 2001

/s/
ALAN E. SCHWARTZ

Alan E. Schwartz

Director

June 7, 2001

/s/
FRANCIS J. SEHN

Francis J. Sehn

Director

June 7, 2001

/s/
JOHN J. SHEA

John J. Shea

Director

June 7, 2001

/s/
WILLIAM B. SMITH

William B. Smith

Director

June 7, 2001

Exhibit Index

Exhibit

Number

Description

2.1

Plan and Agreement of Merger dated as of
	April 30, 2001, among Del Webb Corporation, Pulte
	Corporation and Pulte Acquisition Corporation (included as
	Annex I to the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus contained
	in this Registration Statement)

3.1

Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of Pulte
	Homes, Inc.

3.2

By-Laws, as amended, of Pulte Homes, Inc.

4.1

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Pulte Homes,
	Inc.

5.1

Opinion of Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP
	regarding the validity of the securities being registered

10.1

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John H. Gleason

10.2

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Anne L. Mariucci

10.3

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Frank D. Pankratz

10.4

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	David G. Schreiner

10.5

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated
	April 27, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John A. Spencer

10.6

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John H. Gleason

10.7

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and LeRoy
	Hanneman

10.8

Amendment to Change in Control Agreement, dated
	as of April  30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Robertson C. Jones

10.9

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Anne L. Mariucci

10.10

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	Frank D. Pankratz

10.11

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	David G. Schreiner

10.12

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of
	April 30, 2001, between Del Webb Corporation and
	John A. Spencer

10.13

Employment Separation Agreement and Release of
	All Liability, dated May 11, 2001, between Pulte
	Corporation and Robert K. Burgess

10.14

Del Webb Corporation Supplemental Executive
	Retirement Plan No. 1, as amended

10.15

Del Webb Corporation Supplemental Executive
	Retirement Plan No. 2, as amended

23.1

Consent of Ernst & Young LLP

23.2

Consent of KPMG LLP

23.3

Consent of Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP
	(included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this
	Registration Statement)

23.4

Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
	Flom LLP

24.1

Powers of Attorney (included after the signature
	of the Registrant on this Registration Statement)

Exhibit

Number

Description

99.1

Voting Agreement, dated as of April 30,
	2001, by and among Del Webb Corporation, William J. Pulte
	and certain affiliated trusts

99.2

Form of Pulte Homes, Inc.
Proxy Card

99.3

Form of Del Webb Corporation Proxy Card

99.4

Consent of Salomon Smith Barney Inc.

99.5

Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation

ANNEX I

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER

DATED AS OF

APRIL 30, 2001

AMONG

DEL WEBB CORPORATION,

PULTE CORPORATION

AND

PULTE ACQUISITION CORPORATION



ARTICLE I MERGER OF ACQUISITION AND THE COMPANY

1.1

The Merger

1.2

Certificate of Incorporation

1.3

By-Laws

1.4

Directors

1.5

Officers

1.6

Further Assurances

1.7

Stock of the Company

1.8

Stock of Acquisition

1.9

Adjustments

1.10

Distributions with Regard to Company Common Stock

1.11

Determinations Regarding Documents

1.12

Company Stock Options

1.13

Affiliates

ARTICLE II EFFECTIVE TIME OF MERGER

2.1

Date of the Merger

2.2

Execution of Certificate of Merger

2.3

Effective Time of the Merger

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1

Representations and Warranties of the Company

3.2

Representations and Warranties of Pulte and
	Acquisition

ARTICLE IV ACTIONS PRIOR TO THE MERGER

4.1

Company’s Activities Until Effective Time

4.2

Pulte’s Activities Until Effective Time

4.3

HSR Act Filings

4.4

Stockholders’ Meetings

4.5

Registration Statement and Proxy Statement

4.6

No Solicitation of Offers; Notice of Proposals
	from Others

4.7

Pulte’s and Acquisition’s Efforts to
	Fulfill Conditions

4.8

Company’s Efforts to Fulfill Conditions

4.9

Affiliate Matters

4.10

Consulting Agreement

4.11

Directors

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO MERGER

5.1

Conditions to the Company’s Obligations

5.2

Conditions to Pulte’s and Acquisition’s
	Obligations

ARTICLE VI TERMINATION

6.1

Right to Terminate

6.2

Manner of Terminating Agreement

6.3

Effect of Termination

ARTICLE VII ABSENCE OF BROKERS

7.1

Representations and Warranties Regarding Brokers
	and Others

ARTICLE VIII OTHER AGREEMENTS

8.1

Stock Exchange Listing

8.2

Other Actions; Filings; Consents

8.3

Notification of Certain Matters

ARTICLE IX GENERAL

9.1

Expenses

9.2

Employee Benefit Plans

9.3

Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance and
	Indemnification

9.4

Access to Properties, Books and Records

i

9.5

Press Releases

9.6

Entire Agreement.
No Third Party Beneficiaries

9.7

Effect of Disclosures

9.8

Captions

9.9

Prohibition Against Assignment

9.10

Notices and Other Communications

9.11

Governing Law

9.12

Amendments

9.13

Counterparts

9.14

Extension; Waiver

9.15

Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and
	Agreements

9.16

Severability

9.17

Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers

9.18

Enforcement

9.19

Section 16.

ii

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER

DATED AS OF

APRIL 30, 2001

AMONG

DEL WEBB CORPORATION,

PULTE CORPORATION

AND

PULTE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

This is a Plan and Agreement of Merger dated as of
April 30, 2001 (the “Agreement”), among Del Webb
Corporation (the “Company”), a Delaware corporation,
Pulte Corporation (“Pulte”), a Michigan corporation,
and Pulte Acquisition Corporation (“Acquisition”), a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pulte.


WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of the Company and Pulte deem
it advisable and in the best interests of each corporation and
its respective stockholders that the Company and Pulte engage in
a business combination in order to advance the long-term
strategic business interests of the Company and Pulte.


WHEREAS, the combination of the Company and Pulte shall be
effected by the terms of this Agreement through a merger as
outlined below (the “Merger”).


WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, the respective Boards of
Directors of the Company and Pulte have approved the Merger,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, pursuant to which each share of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, of the Company (“Company
Common Stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.3), other than
shares owned or held directly or indirectly by Pulte or directly
or indirectly by the Company, will be converted into the right
to receive shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Pulte (“Pulte Common Stock”) as set forth in
Article I.

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of the Company to
enter into this Agreement, William J. Pulte and his
affiliated trusts (collectively, the “Principal
Stockholder”) and the Company have entered into a Voting
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “Voting
Agreement”), providing, among other things, that the
Principal Stockholder will vote in favor of the Pulte Meeting
Matters (as defined in Section 3.2(b)).


WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that
the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “Code”), and this Agreement constitutes a
plan of reorganization under the Code.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
set forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

MERGER OF ACQUISITION AND THE COMPANY

1.1  The Merger.
Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
“DGCL”), at the Effective Time, Acquisition will be
merged with and into the Company, and the Company will be the
surviving corporation of the Merger (the “Surviving
Corporation”).
Except as specifically provided in this
Agreement, when the Merger becomes effective, (i) the real
and personal property, other assets, rights, privileges,
immunities, powers, purposes and franchises of the Company will
continue as those of the Surviving Corporation, unaffected and
unimpaired by the Merger, (ii) the separate existence of
Acquisition will

terminate, and Acquisition’s real and personal property,
other assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers, purposes
and franchises will be merged into the Surviving Corporation,
which will succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations
of Acquisition in accordance with the DGCL, and (iii) the
Merger will have the other effects specified in the DGCL
(including, without limitation, Section 259 of the DGCL).


1.2  Certificate of Incorporation.
From the Effective Time
until subsequently amended in accordance with applicable law,
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation.


1.3  By-Laws.
The By-Laws of Acquisition as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the By-Laws of
the Surviving Corporation from the Effective Time until they are
amended in accordance with their terms, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and applicable law.

1.4  Directors.
The directors of Acquisition immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time and will serve in
accordance with the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation until
their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until
such earlier time as they resign or are removed in accordance
with the By-Laws until the earlier of their resignation or
removal or otherwise ceasing to be a director or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified.


1.5  Officers.
The officers of the Company immediately
before the Effective Time will be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation after the Effective Time and will hold office at the
pleasure of the Board of Directors, and in accordance with the
By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or otherwise ceasing to be an officer or
until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.


1.6  Further Assurances.
If at any time after the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation determines or is advised that
any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances or other
actions or things are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation its
right, obligation, title or interest in, to or under any of the
rights, properties or assets of either the Company or
Acquisition acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving
Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger or
otherwise to carry out the transactions which are the subject of
this Agreement, the officers and directors of the Surviving
Corporation will be authorized to execute and deliver all
documents, in the name and on behalf of the Company, Acquisition
or otherwise, and to take all other actions and do all other
things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or
confirm any and all right, obligation, title and interest in, to
and under such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving
Corporation or otherwise to carry out the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.


1.7  Stock of the Company.


(a)  
Except as provided in Sections 1.7(e) and 1.7(f),
at the Effective Time each share of Company Common Stock which
is outstanding immediately before the Effective Time will be
converted into and become the right to receive, the number (the
“Exchange Ratio”) of shares of Pulte Common Stock,
described in Section 1.7(b) below (the “Merger
Consideration”).


(b)  The Merger Consideration for a share of Company Common
Stock will be as follows:

	(i)  If the Market Value (computed as provided in
	Section 1.7(c)) of a share of Pulte Common Stock is equal
	to or greater than $33.00 but less than $39.00, the Merger
	Consideration will be one share of Pulte Common Stock for each
	share of Company Common Stock.

	
(ii)  
If the Market Value of a share of Pulte Common Stock
	is equal to or greater than $39.00 but less than $45.04, the
	Merger Consideration for each share of Company Common Stock will
	be the number of shares of Pulte Common Stock equal to $39.00
	divided by the Market Value of a share of Pulte Common Stock.

	
(iii)  If the Market Value of a share of Pulte Common Stock
	is equal to or greater than $45.04, the Merger Consideration
	will be 0.866 shares of Pulte Common Stock for each share of
	Company Common Stock.

	
(iv)  
If the Market Value of a share of Pulte Common Stock
	is equal to or greater than $30.00 but less than $33.00, the
	Merger Consideration for each share of Company Common Stock will
	be the number of shares of Pulte Common Stock equal to $33.00
	divided by the Market Value of a share of Pulte Common Stock.

	
(v)  
If the Market Value of a share of Pulte Common Stock
	is less than $30.00, the Merger Consideration will be 1.1 shares
	of Pulte Common Stock for each share of Company Common Stock.
	
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Market Value of a share of
	Pulte Common Stock is less than $27.00, the Company will have
	the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
	Section 6.1(j).


(c)  The “Market Value” of a share of Pulte
Common Stock will be the average of the Last Sale Price of a
share of Pulte Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
(“NYSE”) for the fifteen trading days ending on and
including the third NYSE trading day prior to the day of the
meeting at which the stockholders of the Company vote upon the
Merger.
The “Last Sale Price” of a share of Pulte
Common Stock on a day will be the last sale price of a share of
Pulte Common Stock reported on the NYSE consolidated tape prior
to 4:00 p.m. on that day.


(d)  
As a result of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holders thereof, at the Effective Time, all
shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to be outstanding and
shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each
holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the Effective
Time represented any such shares of Company Common Stock (a
“Certificate”) shall thereafter cease to have any
rights with respect to such shares of Company Common Stock,
except as provided herein or by law.


(e)  Each share of Company Common Stock held in the
treasury of the Company, by Pulte or by any direct or indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or Pulte immediately
before the Effective Time will, at the Effective Time, be
canceled and cease to exist and no payment will be made with
respect to any of those shares.


(f)  No fractional shares of Pulte Common Stock will be
issued as a result of the Merger.
Any holder of Company Common
Stock who, but for this Section 1.7(f), would be entitled
to receive a fraction of a share of Pulte Common Stock as a
result of the Merger will receive, instead of that fraction of a
share, cash equal to the result of (i) the Last Sale Price
on the Merger Date (as defined in Section 2.1) times
(ii) the fraction.


1.8  Stock of Acquisition.
At the Effective Time, each
share of stock of Acquisition (“Acquisition Stock”)
which is outstanding immediately before the Effective Time will
be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation.
At the Effective Time, a certificate which
represented Acquisition Stock will automatically become and be a
certificate representing the number of shares of the Surviving
Corporation common stock into which the Acquisition Stock
represented by the certificate was converted.

1.9  Adjustments.
If between the date of this Agreement and
the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock or Pulte Common Stock are changed into a different number
of shares by reason of a reclassification, recapitalization,
split up, combination or exchange of shares, or any dividend
payable in stock or other securities is declared with regard to
the Company Common Stock or Pulte Common Stock with a record
date between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time,
the Merger Consideration will be adjusted to provide the holders
of Company Common Stock the same economic effect as that
contemplated by this Agreement if the reclassification,
recapitalization, split-up, combination, exchange or dividend
had not taken place.


1.10  Distributions with Regard to Company Common Stock.


(a)  Prior to the Effective Time, Acquisition and the
Company will jointly designate a bank or trust company to act as
Distributing Agent in connection with the Merger (the
“Distributing Agent”).
Immediately before the
Effective Time, Pulte will provide the Distributing Agent with
the shares of Pulte Common Stock which will have to be
distributed to holders of Company Common Stock under
Section 1.7(a) and the cash required to make the payments
for fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.7(f).


(b)  Until they are distributed, the shares of Pulte Common
Stock held by the Distributing Agent will be deemed to be
outstanding but the Distributing Agent will not vote those
shares or exercise any rights of a shareholder with regard to
them.
If any dividends are paid with regard to shares of Pulte
Common Stock while they are held by the Distributing Agent, the
Distributing Agent will hold the dividends, uninvested, until
shares of Pulte Common Stock are distributed to particular
former holders of Company Common Stock, at which time the
dividends which have been paid with regard to the shares of
Pulte Common Stock which are being distributed will be paid,
without interest, to the persons to whom the shares are being
distributed.


(c)  Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation will cause the Distributing Agent to mail to each
person who was a record holder of Company Common Stock at the
Effective Time, a form of letter of transmittal for use in
effecting the surrender of Certificates in order to receive
payment of the Merger Consideration.
When the Distributing Agent
receives a Certificate, together with a properly completed and
executed letter of transmittal and any other required documents,
the Distributing Agent will distribute to the holder of the
Certificate, or as otherwise directed in the letter of
transmittal, the Merger Consideration with regard to the shares
represented by the Certificate, and the Certificate will be
canceled.
No interest will be paid or accrued on the Merger
Consideration upon the surrender of Certificates.
If payment is
to be made to a person other than the person in whose name a
surrendered Certificate is registered, the surrendered
Certificate must be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper
form for transfer, and the person who surrenders the Certificate
must provide funds for payment of any transfer or other taxes
required by reason of the distribution to a person other than
the registered holder of the surrendered Certificate or
establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that
the tax has been paid.
After the Effective Time, a Certificate
which has not been surrendered will represent only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration (and any dividends paid after
the Effective Time with regard to shares of Pulte Common Stock
included in the Merger Consideration), without any interest.


(d)  If a Certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Surviving Corporation will accept an affidavit and
indemnification reasonably satisfactory to it instead of the
Certificate and will pay the Merger Consideration to the holder
of the shares of Company Common Stock which had been represented
by the Certificate.


(e)  
At any time which is more than six months after the
Effective Time, Pulte may require the Distributing Agent to
deliver to it any shares of Pulte Common Stock which had been
made available to the Distributing Agent and have not been
disbursed to former holders of Company Common Stock and any
dividends received by the Distributing Agent in respect of such
undisbursed Pulte Common Stock which are then held by the
Distributing Agent, and after the Pulte Common Stock and
dividends have been delivered to Pulte, former stockholders of
the Company must look to Pulte for payment of the Merger
Consideration upon surrender of the Certificates held by them.

None of Pulte, the Surviving Corporation or the Distributing
Agent will be liable to any former stockholder of the Company
for any Merger Consideration which is delivered to a public
official pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or similar
law.


(f)  After the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
will not record any transfers of shares of Company Common Stock
on the stock transfer books of the Company or the Surviving
Corporation, and the stock ledger of the Company will be closed.

If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented for
transfer, they will be canceled and treated as having been
surrendered for the Merger Consideration described in
Section 1.7(b).

1.11  Determinations Regarding Documents.
The Company (or,
after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) will have the
discretion, which it may delegate in whole or in part, to
determine whether letters of transmittal accompanying
Certificates have been properly and timely completed, signed and
submitted and to determine whether or not to disregard
immaterial defects in particular letters of transmittal.
The
decision of the Company (or, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation) with regard to those matters will be conclusive and
binding.
None of Pulte, the Company, the Surviving Corporation
or the Distributing Agent will have any obligation to notify any
person of any defect in a letter of transmittal submitted to the
Company, the Surviving Corporation or Pulte, as applicable.
The
Distributing Agent or another person or entity agreed to by the

Company and Pulte will make all computations contemplated by
Section 1.7 and those computations will be conclusive and
binding on the holders of Company Common Stock.

1.12  Company Stock Options.


(a)  
At the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option (as
defined in Section 3.1(f)) which is outstanding at the
Effective Time will accelerate and vest and at the election of
the holder thereof (i) will become the right to receive a
sum in cash equal to (A) the amount, if any, by which the
per share exercise price of the option is less than the Market
Value of the Merger Consideration for a share of Company Common
Stock, times (B) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the option in full (irrespective
of vesting provisions) or, (ii) if the holder does not so
elect, will be converted into an option to acquire, on the same
terms and conditions as were applicable under the Company Stock
Option Plan (as defined in Section 3.1(f)) pursuant to
which such Company Stock Option was granted (but taking into
account any changes thereto, including the acceleration thereof,
provided for in such Company Stock Option Plan or in such option
by reason of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby), that number of shares of Pulte Common Stock determined
by multiplying the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Company Stock Option by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of Pulte
Common Stock, at a price per share (rounded to the nearest
one-hundredth of a cent) equal to the per share exercise price
specified in such Company Stock Option divided by the Exchange
Ratio; 
provided, however,
 that in the case of any Company
Stock Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies by
reason of its qualification under Section 422 of the Code,
the option price, the number of shares subject to such option
and the terms and conditions of exercise of such option shall be
determined in a manner consistent with the requirements of
Section 424(a) of the Code.
If such holder has elected to
receive cash, in order to receive the amount to which the holder
is entitled under this Section, the holder must deliver to the
Surviving Corporation prior to the date of the Company’s
Merger Stockholders Meeting (as defined in Section 4.4)
(i) any certificate or option agreement relating to the
option and (ii) a document in which the holder acknowledges
that the payment the holder is receiving is in full satisfaction
of any rights the holder may have under or with regard to the
option.
Pulte will pay the cash amount due under this
Section 1.12(a) to a holder of a Company Stock Option
promptly after the Merger and after the Surviving Corporation
receives from the holder the items described in clauses
(i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence.
At the
Effective Time, the restricted stock of the Company will
accelerate and vest in accordance with its terms.


(b)  As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Pulte
shall deliver to the holders of Company Stock Options
appropriate notices setting forth such holders’ rights
pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans (including that, in
connection with the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the
Company Stock Option Plans, the Company Stock Options have
become fully vested and exercisable) and, unless the holder has
elected to receive cash, the agreements evidencing the grants of
such Company Stock Options shall continue in effect on the same
terms and conditions (subject to the adjustments required by
this Section 1.12 after giving effect to the Merger and the
terms of the applicable Company Stock Option Plan).
To the
extent permitted by law, Pulte shall comply with the terms of
the Company Stock Option Plans and shall take such reasonable
steps as are necessary or required by, and subject to the
provisions of, such Company Stock Option Plans, to have the
Company Stock Options which qualified as incentive stock options
prior to the Effective Time continue to qualify as incentive
stock options of Pulte after the Effective Time.

(c)  Pulte shall take all corporate action necessary to
reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Pulte
Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of the Company Stock
Options in accordance with this Section 1.12.
Promptly
after the Effective Time, Pulte shall file a registration
statement on Form S-3 or Form S-8, as the case may be
(or any successor or other appropriate forms), with respect to
the shares of Pulte Common Stock subject to such options and
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement or registration
statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses contained therein) for so long as such options
remain outstanding.
With respect to those individuals who
subsequent to the Merger will be subject to the reporting
requirements under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), where
applicable, Pulte shall administer the Company Stock Option
Plans in a manner consistent with the exemptions provided by
Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

1.13  Affiliates.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no certificates
representing shares of Pulte Common Stock or cash shall be
delivered to a Person who may deemed an “affiliate” of
the Company in accordance with Section 4.9 hereof for
purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”), until such Person has
executed and delivered an Affiliate Agreement (as defined in
Section 4.9) to Pulte.


ARTICLE II

EFFECTIVE TIME OF MERGER

2.1  Date of the Merger.
Unless this Agreement is
terminated prior to the Effective Time in accordance with
Article VI, the day on which the Merger is to take place
(the “Merger Date”) will be the first business day
after the day on which all the conditions set forth in
Article V have been satisfied or waived.
The Merger Date
may be changed with the consent of the Company and Pulte.

2.2  Execution of Certificate of Merger.
On the day before
the Merger Date, Acquisition and the Company will each execute a
certificate of merger (the “Certificate of Merger”),
which will be in proper form for filing under the DGCL, and
deliver it to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP for
filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
When all the
conditions in Article V have been satisfied or waived,
Pulte and the Company will (i) cause the Certificate of
Merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on
the Merger Date and (ii) cause all other documents which
must be recorded or filed as a result of the Merger to be
recorded or filed.


2.3  Effective Time of the Merger.
The Merger will become
effective when the Certificate of Merger is filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware, or at such other time and date
as are agreed upon by Pulte and the Company and specified in the
Certificate of Merger (that being the “Effective
Time”).


ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1  Representations and Warranties of the Company.
Except
as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule delivered by the
Company to Pulte prior to the execution of this Agreement (the
“Company Disclosure Schedule”)
(each section of which
qualifies and is a correspondingly numbered representation and
warranty or covenant to the extent specified therein), the
Company represents and warrants to Pulte and Acquisition as
follows:

	(a)  
Except as set forth on Section 3.1-A of the
	Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its
	subsidiaries (each corporation or other entity of which a
	company owns directly or indirectly 51% or more of the equity
	being a “subsidiary” of that company), is an entity
	duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
	laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has
	the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its
	properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted,
	except where the failures to be so organized, existing and in
	good standing or to have such power and authority, in the
	aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
	Adverse Effect (as defined below) on the Company, and is duly
	qualified and in good standing to do business in each
	jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
	ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification
	necessary other than in such jurisdictions where the failures so
	to qualify or to be in good standing, in the aggregate, would
	not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
	the Company.
The copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and
	By-laws of the Company which were previously furnished or made
	available to Pulte are true, complete and correct copies of such
	documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement.
As used in
	this Agreement, the term “Material Adverse Effect” on
	a company means a material adverse effect on (i) the
	business, operations, results of operations, properties, assets,
	liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of that
	company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the
	ability of that company to consummate the Merger or the other
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than a
	material adverse effect resulting from (A) a

	change in laws, rules or regulations of governmental agencies,
	(B) a change in United States generally accepted accounting
	principles (“GAAP”), (C) a change or occurrence
	affecting the homebuilding industry generally, or (D) a
	change in general economic conditions (including, without
	limitation, a change in interest rates).

	(b)  The Company has all corporate power and authority
	necessary to enable it to enter into this Agreement and carry
	out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
All
	corporate actions necessary to authorize the Company to enter
	into this Agreement and carry out the transactions contemplated
	by it, other than approval of the Merger and adoption of this
	Agreement by the stockholders of the Company, have been taken.
	
This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and is a
	valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against
	the Company in accordance with its terms.

	
(c)  Except as set forth on Section 3.1-C of the
	Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery
	of this Agreement or of any document to be delivered in
	accordance with this Agreement nor the consummation of the
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement or by any document
	to be delivered in accordance with this Agreement will violate,
	result in a breach of, or constitute a default (or an event
	which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
	default) under, (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or
	By-laws of the Company, or (ii) any law, order, rule or
	regulation of any Governmental Entity (as defined below)
having
	jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
	except, in the case of (ii), for violations, breaches, or
	defaults which, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
	expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
As
	used in this Agreement, the term “Governmental Entity”
	means a court or governmental or quasi-governmental,
	legislative, administrative or regulatory body, authority or
	agency, whether federal, state or local, or domestic or foreign.

	
(d)  
Except as shown on Section 3.1-D of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule or except as expressly contemplated herein,
	no governmental filings, authorizations, approvals, or consents,
	or other governmental action, other than the expiration or
	termination of waiting periods under the Hart-Scott Rodino
	Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
	“HSR Act”), if any, are required to permit the
	Company to fulfill all its obligations under this Agreement,
	other than governmental filings, authorizations, approvals,
	consents or other governmental actions the absence of which, in
	the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
	Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

	
(e)  The Board of Directors of the Company, by resolutions
	duly adopted by the requisite vote of those voting at a meeting
	duly called and held and not subsequently rescinded or modified
	in any way (the “Company Board Approval”),
	(i) determined that this Agreement and the Merger are fair
	to and in the best interests of the Company and its
	stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and
	the Voting Agreement, (iii) recommended that the
	stockholders of the Company adopt this Agreement and approve the
	Merger and (iv) directed that this Agreement and the
	transactions contemplated hereby be submitted for consideration
	by the Company’s stockholders at the Company’s Merger
	Stockholders Meeting.
The Company Board Approval constitutes
	approval of this Agreement and the Merger for purposes of
	Section 203 of the DGCL.
To the knowledge of the Company,
	except for Section 203 of the DGCL (which has been rendered
	inapplicable), no state takeover statute is applicable to this
	Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
	hereby.
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
	outstanding shares of Company Common Stock to adopt this
	Agreement and approve the Merger (the “Required Company
	Vote”) is the only vote of the holders of any class or
	series of the Company capital stock necessary to adopt this
	Agreement and approve the Merger and the other transactions
	contemplated hereby.
The holders of Company Common Stock do not
	have dissenters’ rights under the DGCL.

	
(f)  
As of April 20, 2001, the authorized capital
	stock of the Company consisted of (A) 30,000,000 shares of
	Company Common Stock, of which 18,707,472 shares were
	outstanding and no shares were held in the treasury of the
	Company, and (B) 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par
	value $0.001 per share, none of which were outstanding.
Since
	April 20, 2001 to the date of this Agreement, there have

	been no issuances of shares of the capital stock of the Company
	or any other securities of the Company other than issuances of
	shares pursuant to options or rights outstanding as of
	April 20, 2001 under the Company Benefit Plans (as defined
	in Section 3.1(y)).
All issued and outstanding shares of
	the capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly
	issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of any preemptive
	rights.
There were outstanding as of April 20, 2001 no
	options, shares of restricted stock, warrants or other rights to
	acquire capital stock from the Company other than options,
	shares of restricted stock, and other rights to acquire capital
	stock of the Company representing in the aggregate the right to
	purchase 2,238,733 shares of Company Common Stock (collectively,
	the “Company Stock Options”) under the Company’s
	1981 Stock Option Plan, 1986 Stock Option and Stock Appreciation
	Rights (SAR) Plan, 1991, 1993, 1995, 1998 and 2000 Executive
	Long-Term Incentive Plans, 1991 Directors’ Stock Plan, 1995
	Director Stock Plan and 1998 Director Stock Plan, and any
	amendments thereto (collectively, the “Company Stock Option
	Plans”).
Section 3.1-F of the Company Disclosure
	Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list, as of
	April 20, 2001, of the number of shares of Company Common
	Stock subject to the Company Stock Options and the dates of
	grant and the exercise prices of the Company Stock Options.
No
	options or warrants or other rights to acquire capital stock
	from the Company have been issued or granted since
	April 20, 2001 to the date of this Agreement.

	
(g)  No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of
	the Company having the right to vote on any matters on which
	stockholders may vote are issued or outstanding.

	
(h)  
Except as shown on Section 3.1-H of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule, (i) all the shares of stock owned by
	the Company (or a subsidiary of the Company) of each of the
	Company’s subsidiaries which is a corporation are duly
	authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and
	are not subject to any preemptive rights, and all the equity
	interests owned by the Company (or a subsidiary of the Company)
	of each of the Company’s subsidiaries which is not a
	corporation are fully paid and non-assessable, and
	(ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
	issued any options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable
	securities, or is a party to any other agreements, which
	require, or upon the passage of time, the payment of money or
	the occurrence of any other event, may require the Company or
	any subsidiary to issue or sell any stock or other equity
	interests in any of the Company’s subsidiaries, and there
	are no registration covenants or transfer or voting restrictions
	with respect to outstanding securities of any of the
	Company’s subsidiaries.

	
(i)  Since January 1, 1998, the Company has filed with
	the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) all
	forms, statements, reports and documents it has been required to
	file under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules
	under either of such acts (the “Company SEC Reports”).

	
(j)  The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
	the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000 (the “Company
	2000 10-K”) and its Quarterly Reports on
	Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2000 and
	December 31, 2000 (the “Company
	September 10-Q” and the “Company
	December 10-Q,” respectively) which the Company filed
	with the SEC, including the documents incorporated by reference
	in each of them, each contained all the information required to
	be included in it and, when each was filed, it did not contain
	an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
	material fact necessary in order to make the statements made in
	it, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
	not misleading.
Without limiting what is said in the preceding
	sentence, the financial statements included in the Company
	2000 10-K were prepared, and the financial information
	included in the Company September 10-Q and the Company
	December 10-Q was derived from financial statements which
	were prepared, in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
	basis (except that financial information included in the Company
	September 10-Q and the Company December 10-Q does not
	contain notes and is subject to normal year-end adjustments) and
	present fairly the consolidated financial condition and the
	consolidated results of operations of the Company and its
	subsidiaries at the dates, and for the periods to which they
	relate.
Except for the Company September 10-Q and the
	Company December 10-Q and except as set forth on
	Section 3.1-J of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
	Company has not filed any reports with the SEC with regard to
	any period which ended, or any event which occurred, after
	June 30, 2000 and prior to the date hereof.
The
	Company’s consolidated revenues and net income for the
	quarter ended March 31, 2001 were as stated in a press
	release issued by the Company on April 24, 2001.

	
(k)  Except as shown on Section 3.1-K of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule, since June 30, 2000, (i) the
	Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their respective
	businesses in the ordinary course and in the same manner in
	which they were conducted prior to June 30, 2000, and
	(ii) nothing has occurred which, in the aggregate, has had
	or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
	Effect on the Company.

	
(l)  The Company and its subsidiaries have at all times
	complied, and currently are complying, with all applicable
	Federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, except
	failures to comply which, in the aggregate, would not reasonably
	be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

	
(m)  
Except as shown on Section 3.1-M of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its subsidiaries have all
	licenses and permits which are required at the date of this
	Agreement to enable them to conduct their businesses as they
	currently are being conducted, except licenses or permits the
	lack of which, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
	expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

	
(n)  Except as shown on Section 3.1-N of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule:

	(i)  The Company and each of its subsidiaries has filed
	when due (taking account of extensions) all Tax Returns relating
	to United States federal income Taxes, and all other material
	Tax Returns, which it or they have been required to file and
	have paid all Taxes shown on those Tax Returns to be due;

	(ii)  all material Taxes that are due or claimed to be due
	from the Company or its subsidiaries have been paid other than
	those (A) currently payable without penalty or interest or
	(B) being contested in good faith and by appropriate
	proceedings and for which, in the case of both clauses
	(A) and (B), adequate reserves have been established on the
	books and records of the Company or its subsidiaries in
	accordance with GAAP;

	(iii)  all Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in
	all material respects;

	(iv)  the accruals and reserves on the books and records of
	the Company and its subsidiaries in respect of any material Tax
	liability for any Tax period are adequate to meet any
	assessments or exposures of Tax for any such period, determined
	in accordance with GAAP;

	(v)  no waiver or extension of the statute of limitation
	given by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for completion
	of the audit of any of its United States federal income Tax
	Returns or other material Tax Returns is in effect;

	(vi)  no material Lien (as defined in Section 3.1(s))
	relating to Taxes has been filed by any Tax authority against
	the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their assets,
	except for Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable;

	(vii)  no United States federal income Tax Return, or
	material state, local or foreign Tax Return, of the Company or
	any subsidiary of the Company, is the subject of a pending audit
	or other administrative proceeding or court proceeding;

	(viii)  neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the
	Company is a party to any agreement providing for the allocation
	or sharing of Taxes (other than agreements solely between the
	Company and its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries or
	among direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
	Company);

	(ix)  neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
	taken or agreed to take any action, nor, to the knowledge of the
	Company, is there any fact or circumstance relating to the
	Company, that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
	“reorganization” under Section 368(a) of the Code;

	(x)  the Company has maintained all material documents,
	books and records as are required to be maintained by it and its
	subsidiaries under applicable Tax laws;

	(xi)  neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a
	party to any material Tax indemnity agreement or substantially
	similar agreement;

	(xii)  neither the Company nor its subsidiaries is required
	to include in taxable income any adjustment pursuant to
	Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a voluntary change
	in accounting method initiated by the Company or any subsidiary
	and the Internal Revenue Service has not proposed any such
	adjustment or change in accounting method;

	(xiii)  neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the
	Company has granted a power of attorney that will be outstanding
	on the Merger Date with respect to any material matter related
	to Taxes;

	(xiv)  the Company and its subsidiaries have withheld and
	paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid
	in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
	independent contractor, nonresident, or other third person;

	(xv)  neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company
	has or has had a state, local or foreign Tax authority asserting
	taxing jurisdiction for jurisdictions where no returns are filed
	other than for the minimum tax in such jurisdiction;

	(xvi)  in the past five years neither the Company nor any
	subsidiary of the Company (A) has distributed a corporation
	in a transaction that is reported to qualify under
	Section 355 of the Code, or (B) was distributed in a
	transaction that is reported to qualify under Section 355
	of the Code; and

	(xvii)  in the past two years neither the Company nor any
	subsidiary of the Company has entered into any closing agreement
	under Section 7121 of the Code or similar agreement under a
	provision of state law similar to Section 7121 of the Code
	with respect to any federal income Taxes or any other material
	Taxes which has the effect of materially increasing the
	liability for Taxes for any taxable year of the Company for
	which Tax Returns have not been filed.

	
For the purposes of this Agreement, the term “Taxes”
	means all taxes and other assessments of a similar nature
	(including, but not limited to, withholding taxes), and any
	related interest, additions to tax or penalties, whether
	disputed or not, and shall include any transferee or successor
	liability in respect of any or all of the foregoing.
For the
	purposes of this Agreement, the term “Tax Return”
	means any report, return, declaration, statement, form,
	schedule, or other information required to be supplied to a
	taxing authority in connection with Taxes, including any
	amendment thereof, or where no amendment is required to be filed
	with a Tax authority, the statement or other document issued by
	a Tax authority in connection with any Taxes.

	
(o)  
Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
	expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or as
	disclosed on Section 3.1-O of the Company Disclosure
	Schedule, in the Company 2000 10-K, the Company
	September 10-Q or the Company December 10-Q,
	(i) the Company and its subsidiaries have all environmental
	permits which are necessary to enable them to conduct their
	businesses as they currently are being conducted without
	violating any Environmental Laws and, to the extent required
	prior to the Merger Date, the Company and its subsidiaries have
	made all timely and complete application for renewal, extension
	or reissuance of all environmental permits, and neither the
	Company nor any of its subsidiaries have obtained information
	which would lead either the Company or any of its subsidiaries
	to believe that any such permit may not be renewed, extended or
	reissued in due course and as requested without the imposition
	of cost or penalty, (ii) neither the Company nor any
	subsidiary has received any written notice of noncompliance or
	liability under any Environmental Law, (iii) to the
	knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any subsidiary
	has performed or failed to perform any acts, including but not
	limited to releasing, storing or disposing of Hazardous
	Substances, there is no condition on any property owned or
	leased by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, and
	there was no condition on any property formerly owned or leased
	by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company while the Company
	or the subsidiary owned or leased that property, that would be a
	basis for liability of the Company or a subsidiary of the
	Company under any Environmental Law, (iv) neither the
	Company nor any subsidiary of the Company is subject to any
	order of or agreement with any Governmental Entity requiring the
	Company or any subsidiary of the Company to take, or refrain from

	taking, any actions in order to comply with, or satisfy any
	liability under, any Environmental Law, and no action or
	proceeding seeking such an order is pending or, to the knowledge
	of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its
	subsidiaries, (v) neither the Company nor any of its
	subsidiaries have, expressly or by operation of law, assumed or
	undertaken any liability of any other person under any
	Environmental Law, (vi) neither the Company nor any
	subsidiary of the Company has received a written request for
	information regarding a release or threatened release of
	Hazardous Substances at any site, or any written notice that the
	Company or a subsidiary of the Company may be liable under any
	Environmental Law for a release or threatened release of
	Hazardous Substances, and (vii) to the knowledge of the
	Company, there is no impediment or moratorium under any
	Environmental Law to approval for the development of undeveloped
	real property, such approval to allow development in the manner
	in which the Company and its subsidiaries currently anticipate
	building thereon, except for impediments reasonably anticipated
	in the ordinary course of business.
As used in this Agreement,
	the term “Environmental Law” means any Federal, state
	or local law, rule, regulation, guideline or other legally
	enforceable requirement of a Governmental Entity relating to
	protection of the environment or to environmental conditions
	which affect human health or safety, and “Hazardous
	Substances” means any substances regulated under any
	Environmental Law.
The representations and warranties in this
	Section 3.1(o) constitute the sole and exclusive
	representations and warranties of the Company regarding matters
	arising under Environmental Laws.

	(p)  The Board of Directors of the Company has received the
	oral opinion (to be confirmed in writing) of Credit Suisse First
	Boston Corporation, its financial advisor, dated not earlier
	than April 27, 2001, in form satisfactory to the Company
	and its Board of Directors, to the effect that, as of the date
	of such opinion, the Exchange Ratio was fair from a financial
	point of view to the holders of Company Common Stock.

	
(q)  
Except as shown on Section 3.1-Q of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of
	the Company has made any payments, is obligated to make any
	payments, or is a party to any contract, agreement or other
	arrangement which could result in the payment by the Company or
	by any subsidiary of the Company of an “Excess Parachute
	Payment” as that term is used in Section 280G of the
	Code or the payment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of
	compensation which will not be deductible because of
	Section 162(m) of the Code.

	
(r)  Except as shown on Section 3.1-R of the Company
	Disclosure Schedule or as described in the Company
	2000 10-K or a subsequent report filed with the SEC,
	neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company
	(i) is a party to any litigation which is required to be
	disclosed in an Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company,
	or (ii) has knowledge of any litigation, threatened
	litigation, arbitrations, mediations, administrative or
	governmental proceedings or investigations, or a dispute that
	may lead to any of the foregoing against the Company, any
	subsidiary of the Company, or any director or key employee of
	the Company or any subsidiary of the Company which, in the
	aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
	Adverse Effect on the Company.
No judgments, decrees,
	injunctions, rules or orders of any Governmental Entity or
	arbitrator, nor settlement agreements, are outstanding against
	the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or any director or
	key employee of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company,
	which, in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a
	Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

	
(s)  
Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
	expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and
	except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to
	the date of this Agreement or as set forth on Section 3.1-S
	of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) the Company and
	each of its subsidiaries owns, is licensed or otherwise has the
	right to use (in each case, free and clear of any Liens (as
	defined below), all intellectual property used in or necessary
	for the conduct of its business as currently conducted,
	(ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no person is
	challenging, infringing on or otherwise violating any right of
	the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any
	intellectual property owned by and/or licensed to the Company or
	its subsidiaries, and (iii) neither the Company nor any of
	its subsidiaries has received any written notice of any pending
	claim, order or proceeding with respect to any intellectual
	property used by the Company or its subsidiaries and to its
	knowledge no

	intellectual property owned and/or licensed by the Company or
	its subsidiaries is being used or enforced in a manner that
	would reasonably be expected to result in the abandonment,
	cancellation or unenforceability of such intellectual property.
	
As used in this Agreement, the term “Lien” means, with
	respect to any assets, any liens (including judgment and
	mechanic’s liens, regardless of whether liquidated),
	mortgages, assessments, security interests, easements, claims,
	pledges, trusts (constructive or otherwise), deeds of trust,
	option or other charges, encumbrances or restrictions.

	
(t)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a
	party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement,
	contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor
	organization or employee association.
There is no unfair labor
	practice charge, grievance or labor arbitration proceeding
	pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
	or otherwise affecting the Company or its subsidiaries, except
	for any such proceedings which, in the aggregate, are not and
	would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
	Effect on the Company.
There are no organizational efforts with
	respect to the formation of a collective bargaining unit
	presently being made or threatened involving employees of the
	Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Except as set forth on
	Section 3.1-T of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are
	no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
	threatened between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and
	any of their respective current or former employees, which, in
	the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have
	a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
To the knowledge of
	the Company, there are no strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages,
	lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to any
	employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, in
	the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
	Adverse Effect on the Company.

	
(u)  (i)  
The Company and each of its subsidiaries
	have: (A) good and marketable (or indefeasible, in
	jurisdictions where the term “marketable” is not
	customarily used) title in fee simple (or a freehold estate, in
	jurisdictions where the term “fee simple” is not
	customarily used) to the real property currently under
	development, or all or a portion of which is being held for sale
	by them; and (B) subject only to the payment of the
	relevant purchase price and the performance of its other
	obligations under the relevant option contract, the right to
	acquire good and marketable (or indefeasible, as the case may
	be) title in fee simple (or a freehold estate, as the case may
	be) to the real property subject to an option or right to
	purchase and currently intended to be developed, or all or a
	portion of which is intended to be held for sale by them, and,
	with respect to the real property described in clause
	(A) immediately preceding, the title to such property is
	free and clear of any liens, charges, encumbrances, and
	imperfections of title, except liens for real property taxes and
	assessments not yet delinquent, any liens listed in
	Section 3.1-U of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and such
	other liens, charges, encumbrances, and imperfections of title,
	as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
	Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
For the purpose of this
	Section 3.1(u), the term “subsidiaries” shall be
	deemed to include 50%-owned joint ventures that are material to
	the Company and its subsidiaries as a whole.

	