URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1053811/000091205701508020/0000912057-01-508020.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

The management and board of directors of Huntway have considered and evaluated
on a periodic basis since at least June 1999 a wide range of strategic
alternatives for Huntway and its businesses with a view toward maximizing value
to its stockholders.
To this end, from time to time prior to May 10, 2000,
certain members of the board met or held discussions with investment bankers to
discuss the strategic alternatives available to Huntway.


At the May 10, 2000 regular meeting of the board of directors, Warren
J. Nelson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, as the lead representative
of a group of Huntway officers, indicated that such group intended to make a
proposal to acquire Huntway.


On June 13, 2000, the board of directors formed a special committee consisting
of Brian Hogan, Harris Kaplan and J.C. McFarland (1) to consider strategic
alternatives for Huntway as a means of maximizing stockholder value, including
asset purchases or sales, stock repurchases, public offerings or private
placements of securities, or a sale of Huntway to a third party for cash or
securities and (2) to consider and respond to any proposal that might ultimately
be made by the management group.
The special committee elected Mr. McFarland to
serve as its chairman, retained Baker Botts L.L.P. as its legal counsel and,
after considering several proposals from investment banks, engaged Simmons &
Company International to serve as its financial advisor.


From June 13, 2000 to February 21, 2001, the special committee held 18 meetings
(most by telephone) and communicated informally numerous other times.


On September 5, 2000, the special committee met in person with Simmons to review
the initial evaluation by Simmons of various strategic alternatives, including:
(1) maintaining the status quo; (2) increasing the public float by a public
offering of shares; (3) recapitalizing Huntway and paying a special dividend to
stockholders; (4) growing through acquisitions for cash consideration;
(5) growing through acquisitions or mergers for stock consideration; and
(6) selling Huntway to a strategic buyer, financial buyer, management group or
existing large stockholder for cash and/or stock.
Simmons concluded that a sale
of Huntway presented the best opportunity to maximize stockholder value and
liquidity.


At the September 5 meeting, the special committee made no decision to pursue a
specific strategic alternative, but requested that Simmons focus on possible
transactions involving a sale of Huntway, and then reviewed with Simmons parties
that might be interested in pursuing such a transaction.
The special committee
asked Simmons initially to contact 10 of the most likely interested parties,
including Valero Energy, to determine their interest.
The number contacted
eventually was expanded to a total of 20 parties.
Huntway subsequently entered
into confidentiality and standstill agreements with the management group and
nine other interested parties and delivered to them a descriptive memorandum
containing information regarding Huntway.
Valero Energy signed its
confidentiality agreement on September 27, 2000 and received its memorandum on
October 2, 2000.


On October 27, 2000, the special committee asked each of the interested parties,
including Valero Energy, to submit by November 10, 2000 a written indication of
interest in a possible acquisition of Huntway.


On November 10, 2000, the special committee received non-binding indications of
interest from Valero Energy, the management group and two other interested
parties.
The indication of interest of Valero Energy was in the range of $2.45
to $2.50 per share.


On November 13, 2000, the special committee met with Simmons to review the
relative strengths and weaknesses of each of the four indications of interest.

The special committee authorized Simmons to invite each of the four interested
parties, including Valero Energy, to receive a presentation by Huntway
management, visit a data room and conduct due diligence.
After all of the
interested parties had visited the data room and received a management
presentation and a proposed form of cash merger agreement, one of the interested
parties indicated that it no longer intended to pursue a transaction with
Huntway.


On January 16, 2001, the special committee through Simmons asked the interested
parties to submit definitive offers by February 13, 2001.


On February 8, 2001, Huntway publicly released its earnings for the year 2000.

The price of the common stock, which had been in the range of $0.63 to $1.06 per
share during the preceding 90 days, rose rapidly to as high as $1.74 per share
and closed at $1.35 per share on February 13.


On February 13, 2001, Valero Energy submitted a cash offer of $1.45 per share
and its comments on the proposed form of cash merger agreement.
The special
committee also received a written status update from the management group, and
the remaining interested party requested an extension of time to submit a
proposal, which it subsequently submitted on February 20.


On February 15, 2001, the special committee met with Simmons to review the
Valero Energy offer and as well to discuss the status of the management group
and the interested party that had requested a time extension.
The special
committee deferred further action until its scheduled meeting on February 21,
the date of the next regular meeting of the board.


On February 21, 2001, the special committee met in advance of the meeting of the
board of directors.
Simmons reviewed and compared the proposals of the
interested parties, and also discussed its analysis of the strategic
alternatives available to Huntway.
Simmons advised the special committee of
discussions it had held with Valero Energy since the previous special committee
meeting, including those with respect to the disparity between the Valero Energy
offer and its preliminary indication of interest submitted on November 10, 2000,
and of its evaluation of the potential for negotiating better terms with Valero
Energy.
The presentation of Simmons included discussions of (1) the financial
characteristics and prospects of Huntway, (2) the current valuation of Huntway,
(3) the strategic alternatives available to Huntway and the feasibility of each
alternative, (4) the process undertaken by Simmons to solicit proposals by third
parties to acquire Huntway, (5) the proposals received as a result of the
process, (6) contractual issues Simmons had identified in the comments of Valero
Energy on the cash merger agreement proposed by Huntway and (7) possible next
steps.
Baker Botts discussed with the special committee the various
recommendations that the special committee could make to the full board of
directors.
The special committee concluded that pursuing a sale of Huntway was
the best strategic alternative available.
The special committee also concluded
that it was unlikely that an acceptable transaction could be negotiated with the
management group, and thus that the decision as to how to proceed should be made
by the full board.


The full board of directors met immediately following the special committee
meeting on February 21, 2001.
All directors attended the meeting in person,
other than Harris Kaplan, who attended the meeting telephonically.

Mr. McFarland, the chairman of the special committee, presented to the board the
report and conclusions of the special committee.
Mr. Nelson confirmed that the
management group was not further pursuing a transaction.
Mr. McFarland informed
the board of the proposals resulting from the auction process undertaken by the
special committee.
Following full discussion by the board of the report and
conclusions of the special committee, Kirkland & Ellis, counsel to Huntway,
advised the board on its legal duties and responsibilities.
Simmons then made a
presentation to the board that was similar to the one made at the preceding
special committee meeting.
Representatives of Simmons and Kirkland & Ellis
reviewed in particular with the board, and the board discussed in particular,
the proposed terms of the Valero Energy bid.
The board discussed with Simmons
among other things the potential synergies that could be realized by Valero
Energy as a result of a purchase of Huntway by Valero Energy and the potential
value of those synergies.
After full discussion and due consideration, the board
determined that a transaction with Valero Energy presented the best strategic
alternative for Huntway, provided acceptable terms could be negotiated.


On February 22, 2001, Simmons contacted Valero Energy to request that it
increase its offer to an enterprise value of $80 million or approximately $1.96
per share.
Valero Energy indicated that it would take the proposed price under
consideration.


On February 26, 2001 Valero Energy contacted Simmons to inform them that Valero
Energy would not meet the proposed $80 million enterprise value but would be
willing to increase its offer to an enterprise value of $75 million or
approximately $1.82 per share, although this value would require approval by the
executive committee of the Valero Energy board.
Later that day, after further
negotiations between Valero Energy and Simmons, Valero Energy ultimately agreed
to an enterprise value of $77.5 million or approximately $1.90 per share.


On February 27, 2001, the Huntway board held a special meeting to review the
proposed transaction and to consider the proposed $1.90 price per share.

Mr. Kaplan, who had acted as the liaison of the board with Simmons since the
February 21 board meeting, reviewed with the board the negotiations that had
occurred between Simmons and Valero Energy since the prior meeting of the board.

Following full discussion by the board and based on the indication of Simmons to
Mr. Kaplan that Simmons would deliver a fairness opinion at the $1.90 proposed
per share price, the board unanimously agreed that a sale of Huntway to Valero
Energy at $1.90 per share should be actively pursued.


The executive committee of the board of Valero Energy met on February 28, 2001
and approved the $1.90 per share price.


Between March 6 and March 20, 2001, representatives of Valero Energy, Huntway,
Simmons and Kirkland & Ellis negotiated the definitive terms of the merger
agreement and various related documents, including in-person negotiations
throughout March 6, March 7 and the morning of March 8, 2001.
During this
period, Mr. Nelson made contacts with Bank of America, Boeing Capital, certain
holders of its convertible notes and the holders of its junior subordinated
debentures to discuss the proposed transaction with Valero Energy and to
ascertain whether such parties would support the transaction under its proposed
terms.
With respect to Boeing Capital, Mr. Nelson negotiated a prepayment fee of
approximately $290,000.
Also in this interim period, Huntway negotiated with
Andre Danesh, as trustee of the Andre Danesh 1997 IRRV Trust, which negotiations
concluded on March 19 and resulted in the Trust entering into an amendment to
the option agreements held by the Trust for cash consideration of $200,000.


On March 16, 2001, the board met to receive an update on the negotiations that
had taken place since the prior board meeting and to consider approval of the
transaction with Valero Energy.
Kirkland & Ellis made a detailed presentation
regarding among other things the terms and conditions of the merger agreement
and related documents.
Simmons delivered its oral fairness opinion to the board,
which was later confirmed in writing, that as of that date and based upon and
subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in the
opinion, the consideration to be received by Huntway stockholders in the merger
was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Huntway stockholders.
Following
extensive discussion and consideration, the board by the unanimous vote of all
directors concluded that the merger agreement and the merger were fair to, and
in the best interests of, the Huntway stockholders and approved the merger
agreement and the merger and certain other matters related thereto, subject to
the favorable resolution of negotiations with Andre Danesh, which as noted above
were resolved on March 19.


On March 20, 2001, following conclusion of the Danesh negotiations, the board
held a telephonic meeting and approved the amendment negotiated with Mr. Danesh
and authorized the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and related
documents.
A definitive merger agreement and other documents were executed that
afternoon, and a press release announcing the transaction was issued by Huntway
and Valero Energy after the close of trading that day.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS; FAIRNESS OF THE MERGER

At a special meeting of the Board of directors on March 16, 2001, at which all
directors of Huntway were present, the board unanimously concluded that the
terms and provisions of the merger agreement and the merger were fair to and in
the best interests of Huntway and its stockholders and, subject to satisfactory
resolution of issues relating to the Andre Danesh 1997 IRRV Trust

options, approved the merger agreement and recommended that the stockholders
approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.


In reaching its decision to approve and recommend the Valero Refining offer of
$1.90 per share, the board considered a variety of factors, including without
limitation the following, each of which, individually and in the aggregate, in
the opinion of the board, supported such determination:

- -  TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
The board considered the financial and other
    terms of the merger agreement.
The board also considered the financial
    condition of Valero Energy and the fact that the obligations of Valero
    Refining and HAC under the merger agreement, which are guaranteed by Valero
    Energy, are not subject to any financing condition.

- -  FAIRNESS OPINION OF SIMMONS.
The board considered the financial presentation
    of Simmons and its opinion delivered to the board to the effect that, as of
    the date of its opinion and based upon and subject to certain matters stated
    therein, the $1.90 per share cash consideration to be received by Huntway
    stockholders in the merger is fair from a financial point of view.
A copy of
    the opinion of Simmons, with a discussion of the information reviewed,
    assumptions made and matters considered by Simmons, is attached to this
    proxy statement as Annex C. You should read this opinion in its entirety as
    well as the other information described under "-- Opinion of Financial
    Advisor" beginning on page 17 below.

- -  MARKET PRICE AND PREMIUM.
The board considered:

    -  The fact that the $1.90 per share price offered by Valero Refining
       represented a premium of approximately 17% over the closing price of the
       common stock on March 15, 2001, and approximately 31% over the average
       closing prices of the common stock during the period beginning
       February 9, 2001 (the first trading day following public release of the
       2000 earnings of Huntway) and ending March 15, 2001.

    -  The history of the trading of the common stock on the NYSE during the
       12 months ended February 8, 2001, with the average closing price during
       such period being approximately $1.02 per share of common stock, and the
       premium represented by the merger consideration to the prices reflected
       in such history.

    -  The fact that the closing price of the common stock has not equaled or
       exceeded the merger consideration since June 1, 1998, when Huntway
       converted from partnership to corporate form, other than during three
       brief periods: on one trading day during July 1998, when the closing
       price reached a high of $1.94; on twelve trading days in February and
       March 1999, when the closing price reached a high of $2.13; and on seven
       trading days in September 1999, when the closing price reached a high of
       $2.00.

    -  The fact that the closing price of the common stock has steadily declined
       since June 1, 1998 (other than during the three brief periods described
       above and during the period since February 8, 2001), notwithstanding a
       trend of improved annual earnings since that time.

    -  
The volatility in the price of the common stock.

- -  LIQUIDITY OF COMMON STOCK.
The board considered the thin trading market and
    the lack of liquidity of the common stock.

- -  NYSE NON-COMPLIANCE.
The board considered the fact that the market
    capitalization of Huntway failed to meet the continued listing requirements
    of the NYSE and the unlikelihood that the NYSE would continue the listing of
    the common stock.

- -  POSSIBLE DECLINE IN MARKET PRICE OF COMMON STOCK.
The board considered the
    alternatives available to Huntway, and the probability that if Huntway
    remained an independent public corporation, the price that could be received
    by holders of shares of the common stock in the

    open market or in another transaction would be less than the $1.90 per share
    merger consideration.

- -  RESULT OF THE AUCTION PROCESS.
The board considered that the auction process
    conducted by Simmons resulted in only two proposals and one indication of
    interest and that at the time the board took final action on the merger only
    one of the foregoing was firm.

- -  NATURE OF THE HUNTWAY BUSINESS.
The board considered:

    -  the existing competitive and market positions of Huntway, including the
       nature of the industry in which Huntway operates; and

    -  the dependence of Huntway on hedging for a significant part of its recent
       profits, and the unlikelihood that Huntway will be able to continue to
       obtain hedges on terms as favorable.

- -  AVAILABILITY OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS.
The board considered the fact that
    appraisal rights would be available to the holders of common stock under
    Delaware law.


In view of the wide variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, the board did not find it practicable to, and did not,
quantify or otherwise attempt to assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination.
The determination to approve the
merger was made after consideration of all of the factors as a whole.
In
addition, individual members of the board may have given different weights to
different factors.


The board considered the potential drawbacks or risks relating to the merger,
including the following:

- -  The consummation of the merger will preclude stockholders from participating
    in the future growth of Huntway.

- -  The fact that an all-cash transaction would be taxable to Huntway
    stockholders for income tax purposes.

- -  The possibility that, notwithstanding the provisions of the merger agreement
    allowing Huntway under certain circumstances to furnish information to and
    conduct negotiations with a third party, and ultimately terminate the merger
    agreement and enter into an agreement relating to a superior proposal for a
    business combination or acquisition of Huntway, the termination fee payable
    upon such termination might discourage other parties that might have an
    interest in a business combination with, or an acquisition of, Huntway.


In considering the recommendation of the board with respect to the merger
agreement and the merger, stockholders should be aware that the members of the
board are equity and/or option holders in Huntway.
The board members believe
that their interests as stockholders in considering the merger agreement and the
merger are substantially the same as the interests of the other stockholders of
Huntway.


OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR

Simmons has acted as financial adviser to the special committee and the board of
directors of Huntway with respect to evaluating strategic alternatives for
Huntway and developing potential acquirors for Huntway.
The board of directors
instructed Simmons, in its role as financial advisor, to evaluate the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to be received by
the holders of Huntway common stock (the "Public Stockholders") pursuant to the
merger.


On March 16, 2001, Simmons delivered its oral opinion to the board of directors
to the effect that, as of such date and based upon and subject to certain
matters discussed with the board of directors, the merger consideration to be
received by the Public Stockholders pursuant to the transaction in accordance
with the merger agreement was fair to the Public Stockholders from a financial
point of view.
Simmons confirmed its opinion in writing (the "Opinion") on
March 20, 2001.


THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS
CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS
ATTACHED AS ANNEX C TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE.
THE SUMMARY OF THE OPINION SET FORTH IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION.

STOCKHOLDERS OF HUNTWAY ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY.
IN
ARRIVING AT ITS OPINION, SIMMONS DID NOT ASCRIBE A SPECIFIC VALUE TO HUNTWAY,
BUT RATHER MADE ITS DETERMINATION AS TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF
VIEW, OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED BY HUNTWAY STOCKHOLDERS IN THE
TRANSACTION ON THE BASIS OF THE FINANCIAL AND COMPARATIVE ANALYSES DESCRIBED
BELOW.
SIMMONS' OPINION IS FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
WAS RENDERED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS CONSIDERATION OF
THE MERGER.
THE OPINION DOES NOT ADDRESS THE MERITS OF THE UNDERLYING DECISION
OF HUNTWAY TO ENGAGE IN THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

MOREOVER, IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION BY SIMMONS TO ANY STOCKHOLDER
AS TO HOW THE STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.


In connection with its Opinion, Simmons has, among other things: (1) reviewed
the merger agreement and related documents; (2) reviewed certain publicly
available business and financial information relating to Huntway that it deemed
relevant; (3) reviewed certain other information relating to Huntway, including
financial forecasts and operating data prepared by management of Huntway and
provided to Simmons relating to its business, earnings, cash flow, assets,
liabilities and prospects; (4) reviewed certain financial and stock market data
of Huntway and compared that data with similar data for certain other publicly
traded companies that it deemed to be relevant; (5) compared the proposed
financial terms of the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement with the
financial terms of other transactions that it deemed to be relevant;
(6) reviewed the public float and historical daily trading volume of the common
stock of Huntway; and (7) reviewed the results of efforts to solicit indications
of interest and proposals from third parties with respect to an acquisition of
Huntway.
In addition, Simmons had discussions with the management of Huntway
concerning the business, operations, assets, financial condition and prospects
of Huntway, and performed such other financial studies and analyses and took
into account such other matters as it deemed necessary, including its assessment
of general economic, market and monetary conditions.


In arriving at its Opinion, Simmons, with the consent of the board of directors,
assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all the foregoing
information and did not independently verify any of such information.
With
respect to such financial forecasts, Simmons utilized certain information set
forth therein and assumed that such information was reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of Huntway as to the future financial performance of Huntway.
Simmons
did not conduct a physical inspection of any of the assets, operations or
facilities of Huntway and did not make or receive any independent evaluation or
appraisal of any assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Huntway.

Simmons' Opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and other conditions
as they existed and could be evaluated on, and the information made available to
it as of, the date of its Opinion.


In preparing its Opinion for the board of directors, Simmons performed a variety
of financial and comparative analyses, including those described below.
The
summary of the analyses performed by Simmons, as set forth below, does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses underlying Simmons'
Opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic process
involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial or summary description.
No company or transaction

used in such analyses as a comparison is identical to Huntway or the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, nor is an evaluation of the
results of such analyses entirely mathematical; rather, it involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning financial and operational
characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading or other
values of the companies or transactions being analyzed.
The estimates contained
in such analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future
results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by such analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of the
business or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices
at which businesses, companies or securities actually may be sold.
Accordingly,
such analyses and estimates are subject inherently to substantial uncertainty.


In arriving at its Opinion, Simmons made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor considered by it.

Accordingly, Simmons believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole
and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors, without considering all
analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying such analyses and its Opinion.
In its analyses, Simmons made numerous
assumptions with respect to general business, economic, market and financial
conditions, as well as other matters, many of which are beyond the control of
Huntway and involve the application of complex methodologies and experienced and
educated judgment.


Valuation Analysis -- Simmons' valuation of Huntway was based upon an assessment
of Huntway as an independent, free standing enterprise without the benefit of
any cost savings or operating synergies that may result from the merger.
In
determining its valuation of Huntway, Simmons used the following methodologies:
comparable company trading analysis, comparable transactions analysis and
discounted cash flow analysis.
The reference Enterprise Value Range suggested by
each of these methodologies was used to generate a Reference Enterprise Value
Range for Huntway.
Enterprise Value was defined to be the total value of the
Company as if it were unencumbered by any convertible or other debt, leases,
minority interests or preferred stock and assumes a normal level of working
capital.
The suggested Reference Enterprise Value Range for Huntway was adjusted
for appropriate balance sheet assets and liabilities to arrive at a per share
common equity value range for Huntway (the "Per Share Equity Value Range").
The
Per Share Equity Value Range was then used to evaluate the merger consideration
to be received by the Public Stockholders in the merger.
The implied valuation
ranges derived using the various valuation methodologies described above all
supported the conclusion that the merger consideration to be received by the
Public Stockholders in the merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to
such stockholders.
The various valuation analyses are summarized below:

(1) COMPARABLE COMPANY TRADING ANALYSIS.
Using publicly available information,
Simmons compared selected public market trading multiples for Huntway with
respective corresponding multiples of certain similar publicly traded companies.

Simmons selected a group of companies from the universe of possible companies
based on its views as to the comparability of the financial and operating
characteristics of independent refining companies to Huntway.
With respect to
each such analysis, Simmons made such comparisons with the following companies
(the "Comparable Companies"): Crown Central Petroleum Corporation, Frontier Oil
Corporation, Giant Industries, Inc., Holly Corporation, Sunoco, Inc., Tesoro
Petroleum Corporation, Tosco Corporation, Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Corporation,
and Valero Energy Corporation.


Using publicly available information, Simmons calculated and analyzed the common
equity market value multiples of certain historical and projected financial
criteria (such as net income and Leveraged After Tax Cash Flow, defined as net
income plus depreciation plus other non-cash items) and the Enterprise Value
multiples of certain historical and projected financial criteria (such as
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA")).
The
Enterprise Value of each company was obtained by adding the market value of its
common equity to the sum of the

book value of any debt, preferred stock and minority interest, minus excess
cash.
Simmons placed the most emphasis on net income and EBITDA multiples.
The
appropriate trailing twelve month ("TTM") and projected year EBITDA multiple
ranges were determined to be 3.0x to 5.0x and 4.0x to 5.0x, respectively.
The
appropriate TTM and projected year net income multiple ranges were determined to
be 6.0x to 10.0x and 5.0x to 7.0x, respectively.
The appropriate TTM and
projected year Leveraged After Tax Cash Flow multiple ranges were determined to
be 2.0x to 5.0x and 2.5x to 4.5x, respectively.
This methodology yielded
valuations that imply an Enterprise Value Range of $50 million to $60 million
for Huntway.


Because of the inherent differences between the businesses, operations,
financial conditions and prospects of Huntway and the businesses, operations,
financial conditions and prospects of the companies included in the Comparable
Companies, Simmons believed that it was inappropriate to, and therefore, did
not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis, and accordingly,
also made qualitative judgements concerning differences between the financial
and operating characteristics of Huntway and companies in the Comparable
Companies group that would affect the public trading values of Huntway and the
Comparable Companies.


(2) COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS.
Simmons reviewed publicly available
information with respect to selected transactions in which refineries or
independent refining companies were acquired ("Comparable Transactions").

Simmons examined twenty-three such transactions that have occurred since
April 8, 1993.


For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples were analyzed including,
(i) a transaction value, defined as the total value paid for and debt assumed of
the refinery, related facilities and inventories of the refining company
("Transaction Value"), divided by EBITDA, (ii)
Transaction Value divided by the
refinery's crude oil processing capacity, as measured by the number of barrels
of crude oil that the refinery can process in a single day ("Capacity") and
(iii) Transaction Value divided by the Capacity times the Nelson Complexity
Factor of the refinery ("Nelson Capacity").
The appropriate TTM, 3-year average,
5-year average and projected EBITDA multiple range was determined to be 3.5x to
5.0x.
The appropriate Capacity multiple range was determined to be $1,000 per
barrel to $1,500 per barrel.
The appropriate Nelson Capacity multiple range was
determined to be $140 per barrel to $275 per barrel.
This methodology yielded
valuations that imply an Enterprise Value Range of $40 million to $55 million
for Huntway.


Because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances surrounding each of
the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction and because of the
inherent differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions
and prospects of Huntway and the Comparable Transactions analyzed, Simmons
believed that it was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the
quantitative results of the analysis, and accordingly, also made qualitative
judgments concerning differences between the characteristics of Huntway and the
assets and companies included in the Comparable Transactions that would affect
the acquisition values of Huntway and such Comparable Transactions.


(3) DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.
Simmons prepared an after-tax unlevered free
cash flow model for Huntway utilizing information and projections provided by
Huntway.
Simmons used discount rates of 10% to 14% and terminal EBITDA multiples
of 3.5x to 5.0x.
The discount rates and terminal EBITDA multiples were based on
Simmons' review of the financial terms of similar transactions in the refining
sector.
The unlevered after tax free cash flows and the terminal values were
discounted to present values.
This methodology yielded valuations that imply an
Enterprise Value Range of $50 million to $60 million for Huntway.

(4) VALUATION CONCLUSION.
Considering each of the foregoing analyses, among
other things, Simmons concluded that a relevant suggested Reference Enterprise
Value Range for Huntway was $50 million to $60 million.
This Reference
Enterprise Value Range of Huntway was based on an assessment of the company as
an independent, free-standing enterprise without the benefit of any

cost savings or operating synergies that may result from the merger.
Adjusting
this range by an aggregate $30.5 million on the low end and an aggregate
$6.8 million on the high end for excess cash, stock options proceeds,
convertible debt and other debt, and using 18.887 million shares outstanding on
the low end and 34.725 million shares outstanding on the high end, implied a Per
Share Equity Value Range of $1.04 per share to $1.53 per share.


PREMIUM ANALYSES.  
In order to determine the magnitude of the premium implicit
in the merger consideration, Simmons compared the merger consideration to
different Huntway per share common stock prices or average prices, including:
(i) the closing sales price of Huntway common stock on the NYSE on March 19,
2001(the "March 19 Closing Price") of $1.69 per share; (ii) the closing sales
price of Huntway common stock price prior to the announcement of fourth quarter,
2000 earnings on February 8, 2001 (the "February 8 Closing Price") of $1.03 per
share; and (iii) the average of the closing sales prices of Huntway common stock
for the 30 trading days ending on March 19, 2001 prior to the announcement of
the Merger (the "Pre-Announcement Date Average Trading Price") of $1.41 per
share.
Simmons found that the merger consideration represented a premium of
12.4% over the March 19 Closing Price, 84.5% over the February 8 Closing Price
and 34.8% over the Pre-announcement Date Average Trading Price.


Simmons is an internationally recognized investment-banking firm specializing in
the energy industry and, as part of its investment banking business, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions.
The special committee selected Simmons as its
financial adviser because of Simmons' experience and expertise.
In the ordinary
course of its business, Simmons may trade in the debt and equity securities of
Huntway and Valero Energy (and may, after the completion of the merger, trade in
the debt and equity securities of Valero Energy) for its own account and for the
accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.


Pursuant to the terms of the engagement of Simmons, Huntway has paid or has
agreed to pay Simmons for its financial advisory services in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement: (i) an aggregate of $625,000
through and including the date of mailing of this proxy statement; and (ii) an
additional fee of approximately $530,000 upon the merger closing.
In addition,
Huntway has agreed to reimburse Simmons for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including the fees and expenses of its legal counsel, incurred in
connection with the engagement and to indemnify Simmons against certain
liabilities or to contribute to payments Simmons may be required to make in
respect thereof.


CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

If the merger is consummated, Huntway will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Valero Refining and you will no longer have any interest in, and will not be a
stockholder of, Huntway.
Therefore, you will not benefit from any future
earnings or growth of Huntway or benefit from any increase in the value of
Huntway, but you will also no longer bear the risk of any decrease in value of
Huntway.
Instead, you will have the right to receive upon consummation of the
merger $1.90 in cash for each of your shares of common stock.
The benefit to the
holders of common stock of the transaction is the payment of a premium, in cash,
above the market value for such stock prior to the announcement of the merger
agreement.
This cash payment assures that all stockholders will receive the same
amount for their shares.
The detriment of the merger to such holders is their
inability to participate as continuing stockholders in the possible future
growth of Huntway.


Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding employee
and director option to purchase shares of common stock will become fully vested
and exercisable.
In addition, each such option shall upon the merger be deemed
to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions (subject to
certain exceptions) as were applicable under such option immediately prior to
the merger, the same merger consideration as the holder of such option would
have been entitled to receive pursuant to the merger agreement had such holder
exercised such

option in full immediately prior to the merger.
At the closing of the merger,
Valero Refining will pay to each holder of such outstanding options who has
previously delivered certain written instructions to Huntway, an amount equal to
the difference between $1.90 and the exercise price of the applicable option,
multiplied by the number of shares subject to the option, less any amounts
required to be withheld or deducted.


Each option held by the Andre Danesh 1997
IRRV Trust shall upon the merger be
deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions
(subject to certain exceptions) as were applicable under such option immediately
prior to the merger, the same merger consideration as the holder of such option
would have been entitled to receive pursuant to the merger agreement had such
holder exercised such option in full immediately prior to the merger.


As a result of the merger, Huntway will be a privately held corporation, and
there will be no public market for its common stock, which stock is currently
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
After the merger, the
common stock will be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange, the registration
of the common stock under the Exchange Act will be terminated, Huntway will be
relieved of the obligation to comply with the proxy rules of Regulation 14A
under Section 14 of the Exchange Act and its officers, directors and beneficial
owners of more than 10 percent of the common stock, subject to certain
limitations, will be relieved of the reporting requirements and "short-swing"
trading provisions under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
Further, Huntway will
no longer be subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
and will cease filing information with the SEC.


The officers and directors of HAC will become the officers and directors of
Huntway immediately after the merger.
The certificate of incorporation of
Huntway will be amended to read in its entirety as the certificate of
incorporation of HAC and the bylaws of Huntway will be amended to read in their
entirety as the bylaws of HAC.

CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS OF HUNTWAY IF THE MERGER IS NOT CONSUMMATED

If the merger is not consummated, we expect to continue to operate our business
substantially as presently operated.
We would, however, encourage you to read
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 which
is incorporated into this proxy statement by reference.

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER; CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS

You should be aware that the executive officers and directors of Huntway have
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, their
interests as stockholders of Huntway generally.
The Huntway board was aware of
these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the
merger and the merger agreement.


COMMON STOCK.  
As of March 31, 2001, the executive officers and directors of
Huntway beneficially owned an aggregate of 1,315,933 shares, or 9%, of
outstanding common stock, which will be treated in the merger in the same manner
as shares of common stock held by other stockholders.


STOCK OPTIONS.  
Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, all options,
whether or not vested or exercisable, granted under the Huntway 1996 Employee
Incentive Option Plan and the Huntway 1998 Stock Incentive Plan to employees,
executive officers and directors will become fully vested and exercisable at the
effective time of the merger.
In addition, Huntway has made an arrangement with
Valero Refining that will permit the economic value (or spread) of such options
to be paid at the closing of the merger in cash.


The following table shows the number of Huntway options held by Huntway
executive officers and directors whose vesting and exercisability will
accelerate as a result of the merger, the number of already vested and
exercisable options and the estimated value of all Huntway stock options held by
such persons.

                                              
NUMBER OF OPTIONS
                                             THAT ACCELERATE AS A   ALREADY VESTED     AGGREGATE OPTION
                                                RESULT OF THE       AND EXERCISABLE   SPREAD VALUE OF ALL
                                                 MERGER(1)(#)         OPTIONS(#)         OPTIONS(2)($)
                                             --------------------   ---------------   
-------------------

Warren J. Nelson ..........................        100,000              895,000           $1,063,000
  President, Chief Executive Officer and
  Director

Earl G. Fleisher ..........................              0              187,500           $  192,500
  Chief Financial Officer

Terrance L. Stringer ......................              0              405,000           $  457,000
  Executive Vice President of Supply,
  Planning and Distribution

Lucian A. Nawrocki ........................              0              382,500           $  425,500
  Executive Vice President, Asphalt Sales

William G. Darnell ........................              0              282,500           $  305,500
  Vice President and General Manager,
  Benicia

Juan Y. Forster ...........................              0              740,250           $  856,350
  Director

Brian D. Hogan ............................         75,000               25,000(3)        $   90,000
  Director

Harris Kaplan .............................         50,000              175,000           $   61,875
  Director

J.C. McFarland ............................         50,000              200,000           $   68,750
  Director

Richard Spencer ...........................              0                    0           $        0
  Director

- ----------------

(1) Represents the number estimated to be unvested as of the date of the special
    meeting.


(2) The estimated option spread value shown in this column assumes a value of
    common stock equal to $1.90 per share.


(3) Option vests on May 5, 2001.


CONVERTIBLE NOTES.  
Lighthouse Investors, LLC currently holds $11 million
aggregate principal amount of our outstanding convertible notes.
Richard
Spencer, a director of Huntway, is an affiliate of Lighthouse Investors, LLC and
has indirect pecuniary interests in such entity.
As discussed in more detail on
page 29, Valero Refining has agreed to purchase all outstanding convertible
notes of Huntway, including the convertible notes held by Lighthouse Investors,
LLC.


NELSON EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  
Mr. Nelson, our President and Chief Executive
Officer, has an employment agreement with Huntway that expires in March 2003,
but may be extended for additional one year terms prior to his sixty-fifth
birthday.
The agreement provides that in the event of

a "change of control," if Mr. Nelson is involuntarily terminated without "cause"
or terminates his employment for "good reason" within twelve months following
such change in control, Mr. Nelson is entitled to among other things (1) a lump
sum payment equal to three times his then current base salary and target
performance bonus and (2) to the continuation of certain health and other
benefits for a period of three years following the then current term of his
employment agreement, subject to certain limitations.
The proposed merger will
constitute a "change of control" under this employment agreement.
Valero
Refining has not indicated it will continue the employment of Mr. Nelson after
the merger, other than for a brief transition period.
In such event, the
aggregate lump sum payable to Mr. Nelson (before required tax withholdings)
would be approximately $844,000.


CHANGE IN CONTROL POLICY.  
We currently have a change in control policy for our
executive officers and certain key employees, including without limitation
Messrs. Fleisher, Stringer, Nawrocki and Darnell.
In the event of a "change of
control," if a participating employee is involuntarily terminated without
"cause" or terminates his employment for "good reason" within twelve months
following such change in control, such employee is entitled to receive (1) a
lump sum payment equal to the current annual salary and target bonus of such
employee and (2) the continuation of certain health and other benefits for a
period of twelve months following termination.
The proposed merger would
constitute a "change in control" under this policy.
If the employment of all
four executive officers of Huntway who are subject to this policy were to be
involuntarily terminated without cause immediately after the effective time of
the merger, the aggregate lump sum payable to them upon the terminations (before
required tax withholdings) would be approximately $907,000.


INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS AND OFFICER INSURANCE.  
Please refer to "THE MERGER
AGREEMENT -- Covenants -- Indemnification and Insurance of Huntway Directors and
Officers" for a discussion of indemnification and insurance rights of our
directors and officers following the merger.


EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.  
Please refer to "THE MERGER AGREEMENT -- Covenants --
Employee Matters" for a discussion of the employee benefits to be provided to
our employees, including any executive officers, who remain employed by Huntway
following the merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT


The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting.
Under
this method of accounting, the purchase price will be allocated to assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values at the
effective time of the merger (with the excess purchase price after such
allocation being recorded as goodwill).


FINANCING OF THE MERGER

Huntway estimates that approximately $28.5 million will be required to fund the
payment by Valero Refining of the merger consideration for the common stock,
assuming no stockholders perfect their appraisal rights under Delaware law.
In
addition, Huntway estimates that an aggregate of approximately $6.1 million will
be required to be paid with respect to the economic value (or spread) on our
outstanding options for common stock and an aggregate of approximately
$43.4 million will be required by Valero Refining for the repayments and/or
purchases of indebtedness of Huntway contemplated to occur upon the merger.
The
$43.4 million does not include accrued and unpaid interest on the indebtedness,
but does include the prepayment fee contemplated to be paid under the loan
agreement with Boeing Capital.


Valero Refining expects to have sufficient cash resources available at closing
to fund all required cash payments.
Valero Refining expects to use inter-company
indebtedness and/or capital

contributions from Valero Energy, the parent of Valero Refining, to finance the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Valero Refining does not
need, nor does it expect to obtain, commitments from lending institutions to
specifically finance the cash payments by it contemplated pursuant to the merger
agreement.


Valero Energy has guaranteed all of the obligations and covenants of Valero
Refining and HAC set forth in the merger agreement, including the payment of the
merger consideration for the common stock.
Valero Energy does not need, nor does
it expect to obtain, commitments from lending institutions in order to provide
Valero Refining with financing in connection with the merger.


REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

Other than approvals, filings or notices required pursuant to federal securities
law and the filing of the certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware, no other government or regulatory approvals, filings or
notices are required in connection with the merger.
However, at any time before
or after the merger, the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission
could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in
the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the merger or seeking
divestiture of substantial assets of Huntway and Valero Refining or their
subsidiaries.
Private parties and state attorneys general may also bring an
action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.
There can be no
assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made
or, if such a challenge is made, of the result.


MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

GENERAL.  
The following is a summary of the material United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger to Huntway stockholders.
This summary is
based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
applicable current and proposed United States Treasury Regulations, judicial
authority, and administrative rulings and practice.
Legislative, judicial or
administrative rules and interpretations are subject to change, possibly on a
retroactive basis, at any time, and, therefore, the following statements and
conclusions could be altered or modified.
This summary only applies to shares of
Huntway common stock held as capital assets by a United States person (I.E., a
citizen or resident of the United States or a domestic corporation), and it does
not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be
relevant to a particular Huntway stockholder in light of that Huntway
stockholder's personal investment circumstances, or to Huntway stockholders
subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws
(for example, life insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial
institutions, United States expatriates, foreign corporations and nonresident
alien individuals), Huntway stockholders who hold shares of Huntway common stock
as part of a hedging, "straddle," conversion or other integrated transaction, or
Huntway stockholders who acquired their shares of Huntway common stock through
the exercise of director or employee stock options or other compensation
arrangements.
In addition, the discussion does not address any aspect of
foreign, state or local taxation or estate and gift taxation that may be
applicable to a Huntway stockholder.


CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO HUNTWAY STOCKHOLDERS.  
The receipt of the merger
consideration in the merger will be a taxable transaction for United States
federal income tax purposes (and also may be a taxable transaction under
applicable state, local and other income tax laws).
In general, for United
States federal income tax purposes, a holder of Huntway common stock will
recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between such stockholder's
adjusted tax basis in Huntway's common stock converted in the merger, and the
amount of cash received.
Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each
block of shares converted in the merger (I.E., shares acquired at the same cost
in a single transaction).
The gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and
will be short-term gain or loss if, at the effective time of the merger, the
shares of Huntway common stock

so converted were held for one year or less.
If the shares were held for more
than one year, the gain or loss will be long-term, subject (in the case of
stockholders who are individuals) to tax at a maximum United States federal
income tax rate of 20%.


BACKUP TAX WITHHOLDING.  
Under the United States federal income tax backup
withholding rules, unless an exemption applies, Valero Refining is generally
required to and will withhold 31% of all payments to which a Huntway stockholder
or other payee is entitled in the merger, unless the Huntway stockholder or
other payee provides a tax identification number (social security number in the
case of an individual, or employer identification number in the case of other
stockholders), and certifies under penalties of perjury that that number is
correct.
Each Huntway stockholder and, if applicable, each other payee, should
complete and sign the substitute Form W-9 that will be a part of the letter of
transmittal to be returned to the exchange agent (or its agent) in order to
provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding,
unless an applicable exemption exists and is otherwise proved in a manner
satisfactory to the exchange agent (or its agent).
The exemptions provide that
certain Huntway stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and
certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding
requirements.
In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt
recipient, however, he or she must submit a signed statement (such as a
Certificate of Foreign Status on Form W-8) attesting to his or her exempt
status.
Any amounts withheld will be allowed as a credit against the holder's
United States federal income tax liability for its fiscal year in which the
merger occurs.


INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES MAY DIFFER.
EACH HOLDER OF HUNTWAY COMMON STOCK SHOULD
CONSULT HIS OR HER OWN TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE APPLICABILITY OF THE RULES
DISCUSSED ABOVE AND THE PARTICULAR TAX EFFECTS TO SUCH STOCKHOLDER OF THE
MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL AND OTHER TAX LAWS.

FEES AND EXPENSES

Whether or not the merger is consummated and except as otherwise provided in the
merger agreement, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger
will be the responsibility of the party incurring such fees and expenses, except
that Valero Refining will pay for all costs relating to the title policy, title
report and survey for our Benicia, California facility.
Estimated fees (other
than the SEC filing fee, which is actual) and expenses to be incurred by Huntway
in connection with the merger are as follows:

Financial Advisor Fee and Expenses..........................  $1,200,000
SEC Filing Fee..............................................  $   11,410
Legal Fees and Expenses.....................................  $  650,000
Printing and Mailing Expenses...............................  $   50,000
Miscellaneous...............................................  $   88,590
                                                              ----------
Total.......................................................  $2,000,000

These expenses will not reduce the merger consideration to be received by our
stockholders.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement, a
copy of which is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A.
This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the merger agreement.


COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

The merger agreement provides that the merger will become effective at such time
as a certificate of merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware or at such later time as is agreed to by the parties and as is
specified in the certificate of merger.
If the merger is approved at the special
meeting by the requisite stockholder vote, it is currently anticipated that the
merger will become effective as soon as practicable after the special meeting,
subject to satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions in the merger
agreement other than stockholder approval; however, there can be no assurance as
to the timing of the consummation of the merger or that the merger will be
consummated.


MERGER CONSIDERATION


At the effective time of the merger, HAC will be merged with and into Huntway,
the separate corporate existence of HAC will cease and Huntway will continue as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Valero Refining.
In the merger, each share of
common stock (other than common stock held (1) in the treasury of Huntway,
(2) by stockholders who perfect appraisal rights or (3) if any, by Valero
Refining or HAC) will, by virtue of the merger and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive $1.90 per
share in cash, without interest.
Each certificate representing shares of Huntway
common stock that have been converted under the terms of the merger agreement
will, after the effective time of the merger, evidence only the right to
receive, upon the surrender of such certificate, an amount of cash per share
equal to the merger consideration.


Each share of common stock owned by Valero Refining or HAC, if any, or held in
the treasury of Huntway will automatically be canceled and retired and no
payment will be made with respect thereto.


Stockholders who do not vote to approve the merger agreement and who otherwise
comply with the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law regarding
statutory appraisal rights have the right to seek a determination of the fair
value of their shares of Huntway common stock and payment in cash therefor in
lieu of the merger consideration.
See "RIGHT OF APPRAISAL" beginning on page 38
below.


THE EXCHANGE FUND; PAYMENT FOR SHARES OF HUNTWAY COMMON STOCK

Before the special meeting, Valero Refining will enter into an agreement with a
bank or trust company (the "exchange agent") selected by Valero Refining and
acceptable to Huntway, for the purpose of exchanging the common stock for the
merger consideration.
At the effective time of the merger, Valero Refining will
cause to be deposited with the exchange agent, for the benefit of holders of
common stock that is converted into the merger consideration, an amount in cash
equal to the aggregate merger consideration (the "exchange fund").


As soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger, but in any event
within five business days thereafter, Valero Refining or the exchange agent will
mail to each record holder of shares of Huntway common stock immediately prior
to the effective time of the merger a letter of transmittal and instructions for
surrendering certificates formerly representing shares of common stock.
No
stockholder should surrender any certificates until the stockholder receives the
letter of transmittal

and other materials for such surrender.
Upon surrender of a certificate for
cancellation to the exchange agent, together with a letter of transmittal, duly
executed and completed, and such other customary documents as may be required
pursuant to the instructions, the holder of such certificate will be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor the merger consideration for each share of Huntway
common stock formerly represented by such certificate, without any interest
thereon, less any required withholding of taxes, and the certificate so
surrendered will be canceled.
The merger consideration will be delivered by the
exchange agent as promptly as practicable following surrender of a certificate
and delivery of a duly executed and completed letter of transmittal and any
other required documents.
Cash payments may be made by check unless otherwise
required by a depositary institution in connection with the book-entry delivery
of securities.


If payment of the merger consideration is to be made to a person other than the
person in whose name the certificate surrendered is registered, it will be a
condition of payment that the certificate so surrendered be properly endorsed
(together with signature guarantees on such certificate and any related stock
power) or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the exchange agent
receives evidence that any applicable transfer or other taxes have been paid or
are not applicable.


YOU SHOULD NOT SEND YOUR CERTIFICATES NOW AND SHOULD SEND THEM ONLY PURSUANT TO
INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WHICH WILL BE MAILED TO
STOCKHOLDERS AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE AFTER THE EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER.
IN
ALL CASES, THE MERGER CONSIDERATION WILL BE PAID ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.


One year following the effective time of the merger, the exchange agent may
return to Valero Refining any portion of the exchange fund that remains
undistributed to the holders of Huntway common stock (including the proceeds of
any investments thereof), and any holders of Huntway common stock who have not
theretofore complied with the above-described procedures to receive payment of
the merger consideration may look only to Valero Refining for payment.

TRANSFERS OF HUNTWAY COMMON STOCK

At the effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of Huntway will be
closed, and there will be no further registration of transfers of shares of
Huntway common stock thereafter on the records of Huntway.


TREATMENT OF OPTIONS

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding employee
and director option to purchase shares of common stock will become fully vested
and exercisable.
In addition, each such option shall upon the merger be deemed
to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions (subject to
certain exceptions) as were applicable under such option immediately prior to
the merger, the same merger consideration as the holder of such option would
have been entitled to receive pursuant to the merger agreement had such holder
exercised such option in full immediately prior to the merger.
At the closing of
the merger, Valero Refining will pay to each holder of such outstanding option
who has previously delivered certain written instructions to Huntway, an amount
equal to the difference between $1.90 and the exercise price of the applicable
option, multiplied by the number of shares subject to the option, less any
amounts required to be withheld or deducted.


REPAYMENT AND/OR PURCHASE OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

BANK OF AMERICA LOAN AGREEMENT.  
Valero Refining has agreed to put in place a
back-up letter of credit from a financial institution acceptable to Bank of
America with respect to letters of credit outstanding under our loan agreement
with Bank of America upon consummation of the merger.


Huntway and Valero Refining have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to
cause Bank of America to enter into an agreement with Huntway that provides for
(1) Bank of America to take all actions necessary and appropriate to cause the
release and termination of all liens with respect to such loan agreement and to
join in the termination of certain collateral documents at the closing, (2) the
termination of such loan agreement and (3) Bank of America to join in all
actions necessary and appropriate to cause the termination of an intercreditor
agreement and certain collateral documents upon the closing.
As of March 31,
2001, Huntway has no outstanding indebtedness under the loan agreement, other
than letters of credit.


BOEING CAPITAL LOAN AGREEMENT.  
Huntway and Valero Refining have agreed to use
their reasonable best efforts to cause Boeing Capital Corporation to enter into
an agreement with Huntway (1) that permits the payment by Valero Refining at the
closing of all indebtedness and other amounts then outstanding or payable under
such loan agreement and (2) that provides, subject to the payment at the closing
of all indebtedness and other amounts then outstanding or payable under such
loan agreement, for (a) Boeing Capital to take all actions necessary and
appropriate to cause the release and termination of all liens with respect to
such loan agreement and to join in the termination of certain collateral
documents at the closing, (b) the termination of such loan agreement and the
surrender for cancellation of the notes issued thereunder upon the closing and
(c) Boeing Capital to join in all actions necessary and appropriate to cause the
termination of an intercreditor agreement and certain collateral documents upon
the closing.
Valero Refining has also agreed to pay Boeing Capital a certain
prepayment fee related to the loan agreement.
The principal amount of
indebtedness outstanding as of March 31, 2001 under the loan agreement was
$12.3 million and we anticipate that the prepayment fee will be approximately
$290,000.


CONVERTIBLE NOTES.  
Huntway and Valero Refining have agreed to use their
reasonable best efforts to cause each holder of a convertible note to enter into
an agreement with Huntway (1) that permits Valero Refining to purchase such
convertible note at or immediately prior to the closing for cash in an amount
equal to the sum of (a) the amount that would have been payable in the merger
for the common stock underlying such convertible note had such convertible note
been fully converted into shares of common stock immediately prior to the
closing and (b) any accrued and unpaid interest on such convertible note as of
the closing, but not including any prepayment premium or penalty, and (2) that
provides, subject to such payment at the closing, for among other things
(a) the termination of the indenture for the convertible notes and a related
agreement, (b) the due transfer of the underlying convertible note to Valero
Refining upon the closing, (c) the release and termination of all liens related
to the convertible notes and to join in the termination of certain collateral
documents at the closing and (d) holders of convertible notes to join in all
actions necessary and appropriate to cause the termination of an intercreditor
agreement and certain collateral documents at the closing.
We anticipate that
the aggregate purchase price for the convertible notes to be paid by Valero
Refining (excluding accrued and unpaid interest thereon) will be approximately
$27.6 million.


JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES.  
Huntway and Valero Refining have agreed to use
their reasonable best efforts to cause each holder of a junior subordinated
debenture to enter into an agreement with Huntway (1) that permits Valero
Refining to purchase such junior subordinated debenture at or immediately prior
to the closing for cash in an amount equal to the total principal and accrued
and unpaid interest thereon as of the closing, but not including any prepayment
penalty or premium, and (2) that provides, subject to such payment at the
closing, for among other things the due transfer of the underlying junior
subordinated debenture to Valero Refining upon the closing.
The total principal
amount of indebtedness under the junior subordinated debentures as of March 31,
2001 was $3.7 million.

RELEASE OF LIENS.  
It is contemplated that at the closing all liens related to
such indebtedness will be terminated and released.

CONSENTS.  
Huntway has not obtained the consent and agreement of Bank of
America, Boeing Capital or the holders of the convertible notes or the junior
subordinated debentures to the repayments and/or purchases described above.
Such
consents and agreements are a closing condition under the merger agreement as
described below.
We have, however, obtained oral assurances that such consents
and agreements will be given.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Huntway has made customary representations and warranties to Valero Refining,
including representations and warranties relating to:

    - corporate existence and power;

    - corporate authorization and approvals;

    - governmental authorization;

    - non-contravention;

    - capitalization;

    - subsidiaries;

    - SEC filings;

    - financial statements and liabilities;

    - information to be supplied;

    - absence of certain changes;

    - litigation;

    - taxes;

    - compliance with laws, licenses, permits and registrations;

    - contracts;

    - employee benefit plans;

    - transactions with affiliates

    - intellectual property;

    - environmental matters;

    - real estate;

    - required vote and board approval;

    - finders' fees and opinion of financial advisor;

    - employee matters;

    - personal property;

    - insurance;

    - credit documents; and

    - anti-takeover statutes.


Valero Refining, HAC and Valero Energy have also made customary representations
and warranties to Huntway, including representations and warranties relating to:

    - corporate existence and power;

    - corporate authorization and approvals;

    - governmental authorization;

    - non-contravention;

    - information to be supplied;

    - finders' fees;

    - financing of merger; and

    - solvency and status.


None of the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement
survives the completion of the merger or the termination of the merger
agreement.


COVENANTS

Huntway and Valero Refining have agreed to certain covenants in the merger
agreement.
A description of the covenants follows:

HUNTWAY INTERIM OPERATIONS.  
We have agreed that until the completion of the
merger, we will conduct our business in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past custom and practice and will use commercially reasonable
efforts to, among other things, preserve intact our business organization and
goodwill and keep available the services of our officers and key employees.
We
have also agreed, with certain exceptions, that we will not prior to the
completion of the merger do any of the following without the prior written
consent of Valero Refining, which Valero Refining may not unreasonably delay or
withhold:

- -  amend our certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

- -  split, combine or reclassify any shares of our capital stock or declare or
    pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property
    or any combination thereof) in respect of any common stock or redeem,
    repurchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase or otherwise
    acquire any Huntway equity or equity related securities or any equity or
    equity related securities of our subsidiary;

- -  issue, deliver or sell or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any
    shares of our capital stock of any class or series or any securities
    convertible into or exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or options to
    acquire, any such capital stock or any such convertible or exchangeable
    securities, other than in connection with the issuance of common stock upon
    the exercise of any outstanding stock options and the issuance of common
    stock upon the conversion of any outstanding convertible note;

- -  amend in any material respect any term of any of our outstanding securities
    in any manner adverse to Valero Refining;

- -  incur any capital expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in respect
    thereof, except for (1) repair and maintenance capital expenditures or any
    obligations or liabilities in respect thereof in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past custom and practice, (2) other capital
    expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in respect thereof
    contemplated by our capital expenditure budget for fiscal 2001 (subject to
    certain exceptions) or (3) other capital expenditures or any obligations or
    liabilities in respect thereof incurred in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past custom and practice and which, in the aggregate, do not
    exceed $100,000;

- -  acquire (whether pursuant to merger, stock or asset purchase or otherwise) in
    one transaction or a series of related transactions any equity interests or
    any business or division or acquire in one transaction or a series of
    related transactions any assets having a cost in excess of $50,000 (other
    than, among other things, inventory purchased in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past custom and practice);

- -  sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any material assets, other than
    (1) sales in the ordinary course of business consistent with past custom and
    practice and (2) dispositions of assets related to discontinued operations;

- -  incur (which shall be deemed to include entering into new or amended credit
    agreements, lines of credit or similar arrangements) any indebtedness for
    borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness or issue or sell any debt
    securities or warrants or rights to acquire any debt securities or guarantee
    any debt securities of others, except in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past custom and practice (which shall include borrowings and
    the issuance of letters of credit under our existing credit facilities
    within the borrowing capacity thereunder and

    the issuance of certain additional debt securities with respect to our
    junior subordinated debentures in lieu of cash interest thereon);

- -  except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past custom and
    practice, amend, modify or terminate any material contract, agreement or
    arrangement or otherwise waive, release or assign any material rights,
    claims or benefits thereunder;

- -  increase the amount of compensation of any director, officer or employee or
    make any increase in or commitment to increase any employee health, welfare
    or retirement benefits, except as required by law, an existing agreement or
    an existing policy or arrangement;

- -  grant any new severance or termination pay or rights to any director, officer
    or employee or adopt any additional employee plans, except as required by
    law, an existing agreement or an existing policy or arrangement, or make any
    contribution to any existing such plan, except in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past custom and practice or as required by law, or
    amend in any material respect any employee plan except as may be required by
    law;

- -  change our methods of accounting in effect at December 31, 2000, except as
    required by changes in GAAP or by Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934, as concurred in by our independent public accountants, or our
    fiscal year;

- -  declare or pay or agree to declare or pay any dividends on any common stock
    or any other capital stock of our company;

- -  cause to be issued under the loan agreement with Bank of America or otherwise
    any new letter of credit or extend or renew any existing letter of credit
    for our benefit, in either case with a maturity date after August 31, 2001;
    or

- -  agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.


INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE FOR HUNTWAY DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.  
Valero
Refining and Huntway have agreed for six years after the merger:

- -  to indemnify our present and former officers and directors in respect of
    actions taken or failures to take action prior to and including the
    consummation of the merger, to the fullest extent permitted by law;

- -  to maintain officer and director liability insurance and excess liability
    insurance covering those directors and officers currently covered by our
    liability insurance policies with respect to actions taken or failures to
    take action prior to and including the consummation of the merger, on terms
    and conditions no less favorable than those in effect on the date of the
    merger agreement under our existing policies; and

- -  to perform the indemnification agreements entered into in August 2000 with
    the members of the special committee of our board of directors.


EMPLOYEE MATTERS.  
In connection with the merger, Valero Refining has agreed to
honor and perform, and to cause Huntway to honor and perform, our written
severance, change of control and termination programs, policies, agreements and
plans, including without limitation the employment agreement of Warren J. Nelson
and our change of control policy for executive officers and certain key
employees.


For a period of one year after the merger, Valero Refining has agreed to provide
continuing employees of Huntway with compensation and benefits that are no less
favorable in the aggregate than those currently provided by us to such
employees; provided that the defined benefit pension plan of Valero Refining
will be deemed a comparable substitute for our Money Purchase Pension Plan.

Valero Refining will recognize service with us and any predecessor entities for
all purposes

(including, without limitation, for vesting, eligibility to participate,
severance and benefit accrual); provided that, with respect to our Money
Purchase Pension Plan, benefits under such plan shall be frozen as of the
effective time of the merger and, with respect to the defined benefit pension
plan of Valero Refining, past service with us shall count for vesting purposes
only and benefits under such plan will begin to accrue as of the effective time
of the merger only.
Vesting schedules under our employee plans, including the
Profit Sharing and Tax Deferred Savings Plan (401(k) Plan) and the Money
Purchase Pension Plan, will not be accelerated or otherwise affected by the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and amounts held by our
employees in our 401(k) Plan and Money Purchase Pension Plan that are unvested
as of the effective time will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule
provided under such plans.
With respect to welfare benefit plans, Valero
Refining has also agreed to, and to cause Huntway to, waive all limitations as
to preexisting conditions and all waiting or elimination periods and service
requirements applicable to employees of Huntway, except to the extent
preexisting conditions limitations, waiting or elimination periods or service
requirements were in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger with respect to such employees under comparable employee welfare benefit
plans maintained by our company immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.


Valero Refining has agreed to pay a retention bonus and severance payment to our
eligible employees who will not have employment with Huntway following the
closing of the merger and who are not otherwise entitled to a change in control
payment pursuant to our existing policies.
The retention bonus is equal to
25 percent of the base salary of such employee and the severance payment is
equal to one month of the base salary of such employee for the first year (or
partial year) of service with us plus one week of the base salary of such
employee for each additional year (or partial year) of consecutive service with
us.
Payment of the retention bonus and severance payment will be made in cash in
a lump sum at the later of the closing of the merger or the last date of service
with Huntway after closing, provided that such payment must be made on or before
60 days after the closing, subject to a limited exception.


NO SOLICITATION OF ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.  
We have agreed that we will not, nor
will we authorize or knowingly permit our directors, officers, employees,
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, agents or other advisors or
representatives to, directly or indirectly:

- -  solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or encourage any offer or proposal
    for or indication of interest in a merger, consolidation, stock exchange,
    business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation,
    dissolution or other similar transaction or any purchase of a majority or
    more of our assets or a majority or more of our common stock or the
    ownership interest in our subsidiary (an "acquisition proposal");

- -  participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to
    anyone any information with respect to, or take any other action knowingly
    to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes,
    or reasonably could be expected to lead to, any acquisition proposal;

- -  grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with
    respect to any class of our equity securities; or

- -  enter into any agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal.


The foregoing notwithstanding, Huntway may take any action described above in
respect of any person, but only if such person delivers an acquisition proposal
that, in the good faith judgment of our board of directors, either is a superior
proposal or could reasonably be expected to lead to the delivery of a superior
proposal within 75 days of delivery of such acquisition proposal or if otherwise
required in order to satisfy the fiduciary duties of our board of directors as
such duties would exist under applicable law in the absence of the restrictions
set forth above.
In addition, prior

to our taking such action in respect of such person, such person must enter into
a confidentiality agreement with us in form and substance substantially similar
to the confidentiality agreement entered into by Valero Energy and Huntway.


Huntway has agreed to not enter into any binding agreement (other than such a
confidentiality agreement) with respect to any such acquisition proposal without
first paying a $1.75 million termination fee and terminating the merger
agreement.


If prior to the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms
Huntway receives an inquiry or proposal from any person relating to an
acquisition proposal, Huntway must advise Valero Refining of the receipt of such
inquiry or proposal (and any change or modification thereto) promptly upon such
receipt.
Huntway must also advise Valero Refining of the material terms and
conditions of such inquiry or proposal and any subsequent change or modification
thereto, but Huntway is not required to disclose the identity or source of such
inquiry or proposal or any agent or representative acting on behalf of such
person.


TITLE POLICIES.  
The cost of a certain title policy, title report and survey
with respect to our Benicia, California facility will be promptly paid when due
by Valero Refining or, if paid by our company, promptly reimbursed by Valero
Refining upon our request.


CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

CLOSING CONDITIONS FOR EACH PARTY.  
The obligations of Huntway, Valero Refining
and HAC to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions:

- -  approval of the merger agreement and the merger by the holders of at least a
    majority of the shares of Huntway common stock outstanding and entitled to
    vote on the merger agreement and the merger;

- -  absence of any law or regulation or judgment, injunction, order or decree of
    any federal, state or foreign authority making the merger illegal or
    otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger or the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement;

- -  Bank of America having entered into an agreement providing for among other
    things the termination of its loan agreement with Huntway upon the
    effectiveness of a certain back-up letter of credit obtained by Valero
    Refining;

- -  Boeing Capital having entered into an agreement providing for among other
    things the repayment of the indebtedness outstanding thereunder; and

- -  each of the holders of our senior convertible notes and our junior
    subordinated debentures outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the
    merger having entered into an agreement providing for among other things the
    purchase by Valero Refining of such notes and debentures.


ADDITIONAL CLOSING CONDITION FOR VALERO REFINING'S BENEFIT.  
The obligation of
Valero Refining to complete the merger is subject to satisfaction or waiver of
the following additional conditions:

- -  Huntway having performed in all material respects its obligations contained
    in the merger agreement required to be performed at or prior to the
    effective time of the merger;

- -  the representations and warranties of Huntway contained in the merger
    agreement (excluding all qualifications or exceptions relating to
    materiality and/or a material adverse effect) being true and correct, in
    each case (1) as of the date referred to in any representation or warranty
    which addresses matters as of a particular date or (2) as to all other
    representations and warranties, as of the date of the merger agreement and
    as of the time of the merger, subject to exceptions for the effect of
    actions taken by Huntway that are permitted under the merger agreement and

    to other exceptions the aggregate effect of which shall not have had or be
    reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Huntway;

- -  the release and termination of all liens and encumbrances under or related to
    our existing bank and note indebtedness;

- -  the termination of various agreements with our creditors and collateral
    agent;

- -  the transfer of the interest in our subsidiary not currently owned by us to
    Valero Refining or its designee;

- -  written resignations, effective as of the merger, from each director of
    Huntway;

- -  written resignations, effective as of immediately after the merger, from each
    officer of Huntway or its subsidiary identified by Valero Refining;

- -  Chicago Title Insurance Company or another equivalent title insurance company
    having issued a title insurance policy with extended coverage in the amount
    of $25 million or more with respect to our owned real property at Benicia,
    California, showing title to the owned real property vested in Huntway,
    subject only to permitted liens;

- -  the acquisition by Huntway of certain property related to our Wilmington,
    California refinery currently owned by Vulcan Materials Company which Vulcan
    has contracted to sell to Huntway subject to certain conditions, unless
    (1) there has been an amendment satisfactory to Valero Refining to the
    existing contract providing that if the closing of the sale of such property
    to Huntway has not occurred on or prior to a date no later than
    September 30, 2001, the property shall be subdivided and a certain portion
    thereof sold to Huntway or (2) a long-term lease or a long-term extension of
    the existing lease by Huntway relating to a certain portion of such property
    has been entered into, in either case upon terms that are reasonably
    satisfactory to Valero Refining; and

- -  if Huntway has acquired the Wilmington, California property described above
    on or before the closing of the merger, Chicago Title Insurance Company or
    another equivalent title insurance company having issued a title insurance
    policy with extended coverage in the amount of $10 million or more with
    respect to the property, showing title to the property vested in Huntway
    subject only to permitted liens.


TERMINATION

Huntway and Valero Refining may mutually agree, at any time prior to the
completion of the merger, to terminate the merger agreement.
In addition, either
Huntway or Valero Refining may terminate the merger agreement if:

(1) the merger has not been completed on or before July 31, 2001; however,
    neither Huntway nor Valero Refining may terminate the merger agreement on
    this basis if its breach of the merger agreement has resulted in the merger
    not being completed by this date;

(2) after the parties have used reasonable best efforts to resist, resolve or
    lift, as the case may be, there remains any law or regulation that makes
    consummation of the merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or any judgment,
    injunction, order or decree of any proper governmental authority enjoining
    any of the parties from consummating the merger which judgment, injunction
    order or decree has been entered and become final and nonappealable; or

(3) the merger agreement and the merger are not approved by our stockholders.


Valero Refining may terminate the merger agreement if:

(4) we fail to perform any of our representations, warranties, covenants or
    agreements under the merger agreement, in each case, such that Valero
    Refining's and HAC's conditions to closing relating to such failure cannot
    be satisfied, and such failure is incapable of being satisfied by July 31,
    2001.


Huntway may terminate the merger agreement if:

(5) Valero Refining and HAC breach or fail to perform any of their
    representations, warranties, covenants or agreements under the merger
    agreement, in each case, such that Huntway's conditions to closing relating
    to such failure or breach cannot be satisfied, and such breach or failure is
    incapable of being satisfied by July 31, 2001, or

(6) our board has authorized us to enter into a definitive agreement with
    respect to a superior proposal, subject to payment of the termination fee
    described in the next section below.


If the merger agreement is validly terminated, it will become void and have no
effect, without any liability of any party (or any stockholder, director,
officer, employee, agent, consultant or representative of that party) to the
other party.
However, certain provisions thereof relating to among other things
the termination fee described in the next section below will continue in effect.


TERMINATION FEE

All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and
related transactions will be paid by the party incurring such costs or expenses,
subject to certain exceptions.
Huntway, however, has agreed to pay Valero
Refining a $1.75 million termination fee if:

- -  Huntway terminates the merger agreement for the reason described in
    paragraph (6) of the immediately preceding section;

- -  Huntway terminates the merger agreement for the reason described in
    paragraph (3) of the immediately preceding section and within 180 days of
    such termination we consummate an acquisition proposal with another person;

- -  Valero Refining terminates the merger agreement for the reason described in
    paragraph (3) of the immediately preceding section and within 180 days of
    such termination we consummate an acquisition proposal with another person;
    or

- -  Huntway or Valero Refining terminates the merger agreement for the reason
    described in paragraph (3) of the immediately preceding section and (a) one
    or more of our directors or certain of our officers has failed to vote any
    of his or her directly-owned (that is, not taking into account common stock
    beneficially owned as a result of among other things any such insider acting
    in a fiduciary or representative capacity) shares of common stock
    outstanding on the record date for the stockholder meeting in favor of
    approval of the merger agreement and the merger, (b) stockholder approval
    would have been obtained but for such failure and (c) the merger agreement
    is not terminable by Huntway as contemplated by paragraph (5) of the
    immediately preceding section.


Any termination fee payable by Huntway must be paid to Valero Refining prior to
or concurrent with the termination of the merger agreement.
However, any
termination fee payable as a result of Huntway consummating an acquisition
proposal with another person as contemplated within the second and third bullet
points above must be paid to Valero Refining no later than simultaneously with
the consummation of such acquisition proposal.


AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

Subject to Delaware law, the parties may mutually agree to amend any provision
of the merger agreement at any time prior to the effective time of the merger
with the prior authorization of their respective board of directors.
After
Huntway stockholders have approved the merger agreement, the parties may not
amend the merger agreement in a manner that would reduce or change the kind of
consideration stockholders will receive in the merger without further approval
of Huntway stockholders.


GUARANTEE

Valero Energy, the parent of Valero Refining, has guaranteed all of the
obligations and covenants of Valero Refining and HAC set forth in the merger
agreement, including the payment of the merger consideration.
A copy of the
guarantee is attached to the merger agreement contained in Annex A of this proxy
statement.


RIGHT OF APPRAISAL

Pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, any holder of
our common stock who does not wish to accept the merger consideration may
dissent from the merger and elect to have the fair value of such stockholder's
shares of common stock (exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger) judicially determined and paid to
such stockholder in cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any,
provided that such stockholder complies with the provisions of Section 262.
The
following discussion is not a complete statement of the law pertaining to
appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law, and is qualified in
its entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is provided in its entirety
as Annex B to this proxy statement.
All references in Section 262 and in this
summary to a "stockholder" are to the record holder of the shares of common
stock as to which appraisal rights are asserted.
A person having a beneficial
interest in shares of common stock held of record in the name of another person,
such as a broker or nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to
follow properly the steps summarized below and in a timely manner to perfect
appraisal rights.


Under Section 262, where a proposed merger is to be submitted for approval at a
meeting of stockholders, as in the case of the special meeting, the corporation,
not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders
entitled to appraisal rights that such appraisal rights are available and
include in such notice a copy of Section 262.
This proxy statement shall
constitute such notice to the holders of our common stock and the applicable
statutory provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law are attached to
this proxy statement as Annex B.
If you wish to exercise such appraisal rights
or wish to preserve the right to do so, you should review carefully the
following discussion and Annex B to this proxy statement, because failure to
comply with the procedures specified in Section 262 timely and properly will
result in the loss of appraisal rights.
Moreover, because of the complexity of
the procedures for exercising the right to seek appraisal of shares of common
stock, we believe that if you consider exercising such rights, you should seek
the advice of counsel.


If you wish to exercise your right to demand appraisal under Section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law:

- - You must deliver to our Secretary a written demand for appraisal of your
  shares before the vote on the merger agreement at the special meeting, which
  demand will be sufficient if you reasonably inform us of your identity and
  that you intend to demand the appraisal of your shares.


- - You must not vote your shares of common stock in favor of the merger
  agreement.
A proxy that does not contain voting instructions will, unless
  revoked, be voted in favor of the merger agreement.
Therefore, if you vote by
  proxy and wish to exercise appraisal rights, you must vote against the merger
  agreement or abstain from voting on the merger agreement.


- - You must continuously hold such shares from the date of making the demand
  through the effective time of the merger.
Accordingly, if you are a record
  holder of shares of our common stock on the date the written demand for
  appraisal is made, but thereafter transfer such shares prior to the effective
  time of the merger, you will lose any right to appraisal in respect of such
  shares.


None of voting (in person or by proxy) against, abstaining from voting on or
failing to vote on the proposal to approve the merger agreement will constitute
a written demand for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.
The written
demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any such proxy or
vote.


Only a holder of record of shares of common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger is entitled to assert
appraisal rights with respect to the shares of

common stock registered in that holder's name.
A demand for appraisal should be
executed by or on behalf of the stockholder of record, fully and correctly, as
such stockholder's name appears on such stock certificates, should specify the
stockholder's name and mailing address, the number of shares of common stock
owned and that such stockholder intends thereby to demand appraisal of such
stockholder's common stock.
If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary
capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of the demand
should be made in that capacity, and if the shares are owned of record by more
than one person as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be
executed by or on behalf of all owners.
An authorized agent, including one or
more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a
stockholder; however, the agent must identify the record owner or owners and
expressly disclose the fact that, in executing the demand, the agent is acting
as agent for such owner or owners.
A record holder such as a broker who holds
shares as nominee for several beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights
with respect to the shares held for one or more other beneficial owners while
not exercising such rights with respect to the shares held for one or more
beneficial owners; in such case, the written demand should set forth the number
of shares as to which appraisal is sought, and where no number of shares is
expressly mentioned the demand will be presumed to cover all shares held in the
name of the record owner.
If you hold your shares in brokerage accounts or other
nominee forms and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you are urged to
consult with your brokers to determine appropriate procedures for the making of
a demand for appraisal by such nominee.


If you elect to exercise appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262, you should
mail or deliver a written demand to: Huntway Refining Company, 25129 The Old
Road, Suite 322, Newhall, California 91381;
Attention: Earl G. Fleisher, Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary.


Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, Huntway, as the surviving
corporation, must send a notice of effectiveness of the merger to each former
stockholder of Huntway who has made a written demand for appraisal in accordance
with Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the merger agreement.
Within
120 days after the effective time of the merger, but not thereafter, either
Huntway or any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the value of the shares of common stock held by all
stockholders who are entitled to appraisal rights.
Huntway is under no
obligation to and has no present intent to file a petition for appraisal, and
stockholders seeking to exercise appraisal rights should not assume that Huntway
will file such a petition or that Huntway will initiate any negotiations with
respect to the fair value of such shares.
Accordingly, stockholders who desire
to have their shares appraised should initiate any petitions necessary for the
perfection of their appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner
prescribed in Section 262.
Inasmuch as Huntway has no obligation to file such a
petition, the failure of a stockholder to do so within the period specified
could nullify such stockholder's previous written demand for appraisal.
In any
event, at any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger (or at
any time thereafter with the written consent of Huntway), any stockholder who
has demanded appraisal has the right to withdraw the demand and to accept
payment of the merger consideration.


Pursuant to the merger agreement, Huntway has agreed to give Valero Refining
prompt notice of any demands for appraisal received by it and Valero Refining
shall have the right to participate in negotiations and proceedings with respect
to such demands to the extent permitted by law.
Huntway may not, except with the
prior written consent of Valero Refining, make any payment with respect to any
demands for appraisal, or offer to settle, or settle, any such demands.


Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any stockholder who has
complied with the provisions of Section 262 to that point in time will be
entitled to receive from Huntway, upon written request, a statement setting
forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger agreement
and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the
aggregate

number of holders of such shares.
Huntway must mail such statement to the
stockholder within 10 days after receipt of such request or within 10 days after
expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisals under
Section 262, whichever is later.


A stockholder timely filing a petition for appraisal with the Delaware Court of
Chancery must deliver a copy to Huntway, which will then be obligated within
20 days to provide the Delaware Court of Chancery with a duly verified list
containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
appraisal of their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their
shares have not been reached by Huntway.
After notice to such stockholders, the
Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition to
determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights.
The Delaware
Court of Chancery may require stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for
their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of
the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to comply with the
requirement, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to
that stockholder.


After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Delaware Court
of Chancery will appraise the "fair value" of their shares, exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger,
together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount
determined to be the fair value.
The costs of the action may be determined by
the Delaware Court of Chancery and taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Court
of Chancery deems equitable.
Upon application of a stockholder, the Delaware
Court of Chancery may also order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred
by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all of the shares entitled to
appraisal.