URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/36104/000091205701520617/0000912057-01-520617.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    NOVA has from time to time, in pursuit of its strategic goals and long-term
business and growth strategy, discussed and considered various strategic
alternatives, including alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures,
mergers and other business combinations, leveraging transactions and other
strategic alternatives.
In the late summer of 1999, NOVA's board of directors
engaged Salomon Smith Barney to assist and advise NOVA in considering potential
transactions that may be in the best interests of NOVA and its shareholders.

Throughout the remainder of 1999 and during 2000, Salomon Smith Barney explored
various strategic alternatives and located certain third parties (including
U.S. Bancorp) interested in discussing possible transactions with NOVA.
NOVA
received information and frequent updates from Salomon Smith Barney on each
third party indication of interest in pursuing a transaction with NOVA.
However,
after reviewing, considering and discussing these indications of interest, NOVA
determined that, in light of market conditions, particularly in the latter part
of 2000, none of the potential transactions fit NOVA's strategic goals or
offered adequate value to NOVA's shareholders.

    
In October 2000, U.S. Bancorp and Firstar Corporation announced their
proposed merger.
At that time, NOVA had an existing relationship with Firstar
through Elan Merchant Services, LLC, an entity formed as part of a joint venture
arrangement between Firstar and NOVA under which NOVA provides transaction
processing services to Firstar's merchant customers.
Because of the proposed
Firstar and U.S. Bancorp merger, beginning in late 2000 and continuing through
the first quarter of 2001, NOVA and U.S. Bancorp held discussions relating to
the Elan joint venture.
These discussions included due diligence evaluations of
the NOVA business by U.S. Bancorp and the U.S. Bancorp merchant business by
NOVA.

    
During 2001, NOVA's senior management had discussions related to potential
transactions with several parties other than U.S. Bancorp.
These discussions
resulted in a proposal from one of the parties, which in turn led to further
preliminary discussions regarding a possible business combination and a due
diligence evaluation of NOVA by this party.
Due primarily to significant open
issues that could not be resolved and concerns on the part of the NOVA board
that a transaction with this party could not ultimately be completed, NOVA and
the other party terminated discussions prior to finalizing the terms of the
transaction between NOVA and U.S. Bancorp.

    
On April 24, 2001, U.S. Bancorp submitted to NOVA a preliminary proposal,
subject to due diligence and other conditions, outlining a transaction in which
U.S. Bancorp would acquire NOVA's outstanding common stock for approximately
$30.00 per share.
During the remainder of the week in which the proposal was
made, senior management of NOVA and NOVA's financial advisors continued
discussions with U.S. Bancorp to further explore U.S. Bancorp's proposal.
During
the week of April 30, 2001, representatives of U.S. Bancorp met in Atlanta with
NOVA's senior management and conducted additional due diligence regarding NOVA.

On April 30, 2001, U.S. Bancorp's legal counsel also circulated an initial draft
of a definitive merger agreement to NOVA and its legal counsel.
On May 2, 2001,
U.S. Bancorp, after completing its on-site due diligence review, confirmed its
interest in an acquisition of NOVA at the $30.00 per share level.

    
At the regularly scheduled meeting of NOVA's board of directors held on
May 3, 2001, the board reviewed, considered and discussed U.S. Bancorp's initial
written offer and the subsequent progression of negotiations and discussions
between the parties.
NOVA's management and legal advisors and Salomon Smith
Barney participated in this meeting.
NOVA's outside counsel reviewed the board's
fiduciary duties in connection with business combination transactions, including
the proposed U.S. Bancorp transaction.
At this meeting, NOVA's board considered
the indications of interest in other transactions that it had received over the
last year and a half.
NOVA's board of directors determined, in light of all the
factors being considered, including the discussions with other parties regarding
potential transactions, that the proposed transaction with U.S. Bancorp appeared
to be in the best interests of NOVA and its shareholders and to further the
long-term business and growth strategy and other strategic goals of NOVA.

Accordingly, NOVA's board authorized and directed NOVA's senior management to
continue discussions and negotiations with U.S. Bancorp concerning its offer and
the proposed merger agreement.

    
During the three days following the NOVA board meeting, the parties
continued discussions and negotiations.
During this period, the senior
management of each of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp, together with their respective
legal advisors, finalized the terms of the proposed merger agreement.

    
On May 6, 2001, NOVA's board of directors held a telephonic meeting to
consider the proposed U.S. Bancorp transaction and related merger agreement.
At
this meeting NOVA's board carefully reviewed, considered and analyzed the U.S.
Bancorp transaction as set forth in the merger agreement.
The board also again
reviewed the other indications of interest and the proposal it had received from
another party.
In consultation with Salomon Smith Barney and NOVA's legal
counsel, the board evaluated and analyzed the benefits, costs, risks and other
factors relating to the proposed U.S. Bancorp transaction (including, among
other matters, the financial, strategic and other value, as well as the
likelihood of the transaction being consummated) and discussed whether any other
strategic alternatives should be pursued.
Also, at this meeting Salomon Smith
Barney reviewed its financial analysis of the consideration payable to NOVA
shareholders in the proposed transaction with U.S. Bancorp, and rendered to
NOVA's board of directors a written opinion dated May 6, 2001, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to certain
matters stated in such opinion, the consideration to be received by NOVA's
shareholders in the transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
shareholders.
Based on the foregoing, NOVA's board determined that the U.S.
Bancorp transaction was superior to the other possible transactions and would be
in the best interests of NOVA and its shareholders.
Accordingly, the board
unanimously approved the U.S. Bancorp merger and the merger agreement, and
authorized the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the related
documents.

    
The definitive merger agreement was executed by NOVA and U.S. Bancorp on
May 7, 2001.


U.S. BANCORP'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    U.S. Bancorp's board of directors and management believe that the merger
will provide U.S. Bancorp with an attractive opportunity to expand its merchant
processing business, particularly with small to medium-sized customers.
U.S.
Bancorp believes that NOVA's experience in the merchant processing business and
its market position complement U.S. Bancorp's current merchant processing
operations, and that the merger will enable U.S. Bancorp to offer, through NOVA,
a broad array of merchant processing products and services to a larger market.


NOVA'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF NOVA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    
In deciding to approve the merger agreement and to recommend approval of the
merger by NOVA's shareholders, NOVA's board consulted with senior management and
its financial and legal advisors and considered a number of factors, including
particularly the factors listed below.
In view of

the number and wide variety of factors that NOVA's board considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, NOVA's board did not consider it
practicable to, nor did it attempt to, quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determination.
NOVA's
board viewed its position and recommendations as being based on all of the
information and factors that it received and considered.
In addition, individual
directors may have given different weight to different information and factors.

    
FINANCIAL TERMS OF THE MERGER.  
The board of directors of NOVA believes that
the consideration that U.S. Bancorp will deliver to shareholders of NOVA is fair
to the shareholders based upon:

    - NOVA's current financial condition and future prospects;

    - the current financial condition and future prospects of U.S. Bancorp; and

    - the board's perception of the future prospects of the combined entities.


In reaching this conclusion, NOVA's board evaluated the strategic alternatives
available to NOVA.

    
COMPARING NOVA'S VALUE AS A CONTINUING INDEPENDENT ENTITY WITH ITS VALUE IN
COMBINATION WITH U.S. BANCORP.  
NOVA's board believes that the value to be
received by NOVA shareholders in the merger is substantially greater than that
available in NOVA as a continuing independent entity currently and for the
near-term.

    COMPARING A COMBINATION WITH U.S. BANCORP TO OTHER POSSIBLE
TRANSACTIONS.  
NOVA's board reviewed the range of the possible values to NOVA
shareholders obtainable through implementation of certain other strategic
alternatives and the likelihood and risks of the same.
Considering all factors,
including, in the case of the other proposal referred to above, the remaining
unresolved issues and the risk that such other transaction could not be
completed, the board concluded that the U.S. Bancorp proposal was superior to
other possible transactions.

    
LIQUIDITY FOR NOVA SHAREHOLDERS.  
The merger provides liquidity to NOVA
shareholders in the form of U.S. Bancorp common stock and, to the extent
provided in the merger agreement, cash.

    AVAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL RESOURCES.  
NOVA's board considered the need for
additional capital resources in order to achieve NOVA's own strategic business
plan and the fact that these resources were more readily available to NOVA in
combination with U.S. Bancorp than as a continuing independent entity.

    
THE TRANSACTION PROCESSING INDUSTRY GENERALLY.  
NOVA's board considered the
current and prospective economic and competitive environment facing the
transaction processing industry generally and NOVA in particular.
Among other
factors, the board considered the continued consolidation in the industry and
the increasing importance of operational scale and financial resources in
maintaining efficiencies and remaining competitive and in being able to
capitalize on technological developments that significantly impact industry
competition.

    
TAX-FREE NATURE OF THE TRANSACTION.  
NOVA's board considered the fact that
for federal income tax purposes the merger is structured with the intent that it
will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for NOVA shareholders to the extent
that they receive U.S. Bancorp common stock in the merger.

    
OPINION OF SALOMON SMITH BARNEY.  
NOVA's board considered the fact that
Salomon Smith Barney has rendered its opinion that the consideration to be
provided by U.S. Bancorp to NOVA's shareholders under the merger agreement is
fair from a financial point of view to those shareholders.

    
In addition to the factors set forth above, NOVA's board evaluated the
likelihood of closing the transaction expeditiously.
The board also considered
the possible circumstances under which NOVA could incur the cost of a
termination fee upon the termination of the merger agreement, as well as the

other consequences to NOVA under the merger agreement and otherwise, if the
transaction is terminated.

    
The terms of the termination fee, particularly the amount, were the subject
of negotiations between the parties.
NOVA's board ultimately accepted the size
and terms of the termination fee contained in the merger agreement, as well as
other consequences of termination, as necessary to limit subsequent competing
offers to only those offers that should be seriously considered by the board in
the exercise of its fiduciary obligations.

    
FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, NOVA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AS IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF NOVA AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT NOVA SHAREHOLDERS APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
THE MERGER.


FAIRNESS OPINION OF NOVA'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    Salomon Smith Barney was retained to act as financial advisor to NOVA in
connection with the merger.
Pursuant to Salomon Smith Barney's engagement
letter, Salomon Smith Barney rendered an opinion to NOVA's board of directors on
May 6, 2001 to the effect that, based upon and subject to the considerations and
limitations set forth in its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney's experience as
investment bankers, its work described below and other factors it deemed
relevant, as of that date, the consideration to be received by the holders of
NOVA common stock pursuant to the merger was fair, from a financial point of
view, to those holders.

    
The full text of Salomon Smith Barney's opinion dated May 6, 2001, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, general procedures
followed, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken, is attached as
Appendix B to this document.
The summary of Salomon Smith Barney's opinion set
forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
opinion.
YOU ARE URGED TO READ SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN
ITS ENTIRETY.

    
In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney:

    - reviewed a draft of the merger agreement;

    - held discussions with selected senior officers and other representatives
      and advisors of NOVA and selected senior officers and other
      representatives and advisors of U.S. Bancorp concerning the businesses,
      operations and prospects of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp;

    - examined certain publicly available business and financial information
      relating to NOVA and U.S. Bancorp as well as certain other information and
      data for NOVA and U.S. Bancorp that were provided to or otherwise
      discussed with Salomon Smith Barney by the management teams of NOVA and
      U.S. Bancorp;

    - reviewed the financial terms of the merger as set forth in the merger
      agreement in relation to, among other things, current and historical
      market prices and trading volumes of the common stock of each of NOVA and
      U.S. Bancorp, the historical and projected earnings and other operating
      data of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp, the historical capitalization and financial
      condition of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp and the projected capitalization of
      U.S. Bancorp;

    - considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
      certain other similar transactions recently effected that Salomon Smith
      Barney considered relevant in evaluating the merger and analyzed certain
      financial, stock market and other publicly available information relating
      to the businesses of other companies whose operations Salomon Smith Barney
      considered relevant in evaluating those of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp;

    - evaluated the pro forma financial impact of the merger on U.S. Bancorp;
      and

    - conducted other analyses and examinations and considered such other
      information and financial, economic and market criteria as it deemed
      appropriate in arriving at its opinion.

    
In rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney assumed and relied, without
independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial
and other information and data publicly available or furnished to or otherwise
reviewed by or discussed with Salomon Smith Barney.
With respect to financial
forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or
discussed with Salomon Smith Barney, Salomon Smith Barney relied on publicly
available third-party equity research forecasts, and Salomon Smith Barney
expressed no view with respect to those forecasts and other information and data
or the assumptions on which they were based.
Salomon Smith Barney did not make
and was not provided with an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of NOVA or U.S. Bancorp nor has
Salomon Smith Barney made any physical inspection of the properties or assets of
NOVA or U.S. Bancorp.
Salomon Smith Barney assumed, with the consent of NOVA's
board of directors, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization
for federal income tax purposes to the extent the consideration received is in
stock and as a purchase transaction in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.
Salomon Smith Barney did not express any opinion as to
what the value of the U.S. Bancorp common stock actually will be when issued in
the merger or the price at which the U.S. Bancorp common stock will trade
subsequent to the merger.
Representatives of NOVA advised Salomon Smith Barney,
and Salomon Smith Barney assumed, that the final terms of the merger agreement
would not vary materially from those set forth in the draft reviewed by Salomon
Smith Barney.
Salomon Smith Barney further assumed that the merger will be
consummated in a timely fashion and in accordance with the terms of the merger
agreement without waiver of any of the conditions precedent to the merger
contained in the merger agreement.
Salomon Smith Barney expressed no view as to,
and its opinion did not address, the relative merits of the merger as compared
to any alternative business strategies that might exist for NOVA or the effect
of any other transaction in which NOVA might engage.
Salomon Smith Barney's
opinion necessarily was based on information available to it, and financial,
stock market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed to
Salomon Smith Barney as of the date of the opinion.

    
SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S ADVISORY SERVICES AND ITS OPINION WERE PROVIDED FOR
THE INFORMATION OF NOVA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN ITS EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED
MERGER, AND SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S OPINION IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO NOVA OR ITS SHAREHOLDERS, NOR DOES IT CONSTITUTE
A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY SHAREHOLDER AS TO HOW THAT SHAREHOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON
ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER.

    
In connection with rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney made a
presentation to NOVA's board of directors on May 6, 2001 with respect to the
material analyses performed by Salomon Smith Barney in evaluating the fairness
to NOVA from a financial point of view of the consideration to be received by
the holders of NOVA common stock in the merger.
The following is a summary of
this presentation.
The summary includes information presented in tabular format.

IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES USED BY SALOMON SMITH
BARNEY, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.
THE
TABLES ALONE DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES.

The following quantitative information, to the extent it is based on market
data, is, except as otherwise indicated, based on market data as it existed at
or prior to May 4, 2001 and is not necessarily indicative of current or future
market conditions.

    
TRANSACTION PRICING MULTIPLES ANALYSIS.  
Based on the closing price of NOVA
common stock on May 4, 2001 of $23.52, Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the implied
per share transaction value of $31.00 as a multiple of NOVA's LTM EPS and
estimated EPS for the years 2001 and 2002.
Salomon Smith Barney also analyzed
the implied firm value, obtained by adding to equity value $225.5 million in
debt and subtracting therefrom $20.4 million in cash, as a multiple of 2000 net
revenues and LTM

EBITDA.
Salomon Smith Barney further analyzed the 2002 P/E multiple as a
percentage of the long-term growth rate based on mean IBES estimates.
These
analyses indicated the following:

                                                                                   TRANSACTION
                                                                                   VALUATION AT
                                                                   NOVA             $31.00 PER
                                                              REFERENCE DATA          SHARE
                                                              --------------       ------------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT
                                                                     PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Price/LTM Earnings Per Share................................      $1.28                 24.2x
Price/2001E Earnings Per Share..............................       1.38                 22.5
Price/2002E Earnings Per Share..............................       1.56                 19.9
Firm Value/2000 Net Revenue.................................     
496.5                   4.6
Firm Value/LTM EBITDA.......................................     224.8                  10.3
2002 P/E / Long Term Growth Rate............................      19.2  %              103.5%

    The LTM EPS and LTM EBITDA were based on NOVA data for the twelve months
ended March 31, 2001.
EPS data for 2001 and 2002 were based on mean IBES
estimates.

    
IMPLIED MARKET PREMIUM ANALYSIS.  
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the implied
per share transaction value of $31.00 as a premium to the closing market price
of NOVA common stock on May 4, 2001 and on April 4, 2001 and to the lowest and
highest closing market prices of NOVA common stock during the 52-week period
ending May 4, 2001.
This analysis indicated the following:

                                                                NOVA      TRANSACTION
                                                              REFERENCE    VALUATION
                                                              ---------   -----------

Premium to Per Share Market Price--One Day (May 4, 2001)....   $23.52         31.8%
Premium to Per Share Market Price--One Month (April 4,
  2001).....................................................    18.00         72.2
Premium to Per Share Market Price--52-Week Low (July 28,
  2000).....................................................    10.50        195.2
Premium to Per Share Market Price--52-Week High (June 20,
  2000).....................................................    
34.00         (8.8)

    PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS.  
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed financial,
operating and stock market information for selected comparable merger
transactions in the transaction processing industry.
Salomon Smith Barney
divided these transactions into the following three groups (in each case, the
first named company is the acquired company and the second named company is the
acquiror):

    - TRANSACTIONS SINCE JANUARY 1, 1994.
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed 12
      transactions that involved transaction processing companies and occurred
      between January 1, 1994 and May 4, 2001.
The transactions in this group
      were: Universal Companies/Fifth Third Bancorp, Card Payment
      Systems/Concord EFS, SPS Network Services/Alliance Data Systems,
      Paymentech, Inc./First Data Corp., BA Merchant Services, Inc./ BankAmerica
      Corp., SPS Transactions Services/Associates First Capital, Electronic
      Payment Services, Inc./ Concord EFS, PMT Services, Inc./NOVA Corporation,
      GENSAR/Paymentech, Inc., First Financial Management/First Data Corp., Card
      Establishment Svcs./First Data Corp., Envoy Corp. Financial/First Data
      Corp.

    - TRANSACTIONS SINCE JANUARY 1, 1999.
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed four
      transactions that involved transaction processing companies and occurred
      between January 1, 1999 and May 4, 2001.
The transactions in this group
      were: Universal Companies/Fifth Third Bancorp, Card Payment
      Systems/Concord EFS, SPS Network Services/Alliance Data Systems,
      Paymentech, Inc./ First Data Corp.

    - TRANSACTIONS OVER $500 MILLION.
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed five
      transactions that involved transaction processing companies, occurred
      between January 1, 1994 and May 4, 2001 and had a transaction value of
      more than $500 million.
The transactions in this group were: SPS
      Transactions Services/Associates First Capital, Electronic Payment
      Services, Inc./Concord EFS,

      PMT Services, Inc./NOVA Corporation, First Financial Management/First Data
      Corp., Card Establishment Svcs./First Data Corp.

    Salomon Smith Barney derived for each of the precedent transactions:

    - the ratio of the per share price in the transaction to the acquired
      company's: (1) earnings per share (or "EPS") for the last twelve-month
      period for which results were available (or "LTM") and (2) projected EPS,
      based upon mean I/B/E/S International Inc.'s (or "IBES") estimates of net
      earnings for the fiscal year following the announcement of the transaction
      (IBES is a data service that monitors and publishes compilations of
      earning estimates by selected research analysts regarding companies of
      interest to institutional investors);

    - the ratio of firm value, defined as the aggregate purchase price of equity
      plus total debt assumed less balance sheet cash and cash equivalents, to
      the acquired company's: (1) LTM revenues, (2) LTM earnings before
      interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (or "EBITDA") and (3) LTM
      earnings before interest and taxes (or "EBIT");

    - the premium implied by the per share price in the transaction to the
      market price per share of the acquired company's common stock on the last
      trading day prior to the announcement of the transaction; and

    - the premium implied by the per share price in the transaction to the
      market price per share of the acquired company's common stock one month
      prior to the announcement of the transaction.

    
The results of these analyses are summarized in the following table:

                                                                                               TRANSACTION
                                                                 PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS        VALUATION AT
                                                             -------------------------------    $31.00 PER
                                                                    RANGE            MEDIAN       SHARE
                                                             --------------------   
--------   ------------

Transactions Since January 1, 1994
Ratio of purchase price to acquired company's:
    LTM EPS................................................          21.4x - 51.3x    37.5x         24.2x
    Projected EPS..........................................          12.0x - 36.5x    23.8x         22.5x
Ratio of firm value to acquired company's:
    LTM Revenues...........................................            2.8x - 8.0x     3.6x          4.6x
    LTM EBITDA.............................................           9.6x - 71.1x    
14.7x         10.3x
    LTM EBIT...............................................          10.7x - 34.0x    19.8x         14.8x
Implied premium of purchase price to market price on last
  trading day prior to announcement........................           
2.3% - 31.1%    16.7%         31.8%

Implied premium of purchase price to market price one month
  prior to announcement....................................          
17.1% - 35.5%    29.1%         72.2%

Transactions Since January 1, 1999
Ratio of purchase price to acquired company's:
    LTM EPS................................................          26.7x - 42.2x    37.9x         24.2x
    Projected EPS..........................................          12.0x - 33.1x    23.1x         22.5x
Ratio of firm value to acquired company's:
    LTM Revenues...........................................            3.0x - 3.6x     3.1x          4.6x
    LTM EBITDA.............................................           9.6x - 21.3x    16.2x         10.3x
    LTM EBIT...............................................          15.7x - 21.5x    16.9x         14.8x

Implied premium of purchase price to market price on last
  trading day prior to announcement (data only available
  for single precedent transaction)........................            
2.3% - 2.3%     2.3%         31.8%
Implied premium of purchase price to market price one month
  prior to announcement (data only available for single
  precedent transaction)...................................          
29.1% - 29.1%    29.1%         72.2%

Transactions Over $500 Million
Ratio of purchase price to acquired company's:
    LTM EPS................................................          21.4x - 51.3x    37.5x         24.2x
    Projected EPS..........................................          18.0x - 36.5x    24.5x         22.5x
Ratio of firm value to acquired company's:
    LTM Revenues...........................................            
2.8x - 5.1x     3.3x          4.6x
    LTM EBITDA.............................................           9.9x - 23.7x    12.3x         10.3x
    LTM EBIT...............................................          10.7x - 34.0x    20.0x         14.8x

Implied premium of purchase price to market price on last
  trading day prior to announcement........................           
4.1% - 31.1%    22.0%         31.8%
Implied premium of purchase price to market price one month
  prior to announcement....................................          17.1% - 35.5%    31.6%         72.2%

    Salomon Smith Barney applied the median multiple or premium from each
methodology listed above to the applicable statistics for NOVA to determine
implied per share values for NOVA and then took the median of those results.

From this information, Salomon Smith Barney imputed a range of per share values
of NOVA common stock of $26.00 to $32.00 for all transactions from January 1,
1994 through May 4, 2001 and $27.00 to $33.00 for all transactions from
January 1, 1994 through May 4, 2001 having a transaction value over
$500 million.
Salomon Smith Barney noted that the implied value per share of
NOVA common stock, assuming an amount of $31 per share to be received by holders
of NOVA common stock pursuant to the merger, tended toward the upper limit of
both reference ranges derived by Salomon Smith Barney in its precedent
transactions analysis.

    
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
Salomon Smith Barney performed a discounted
cash flow analysis to estimate a range of implied present values per share of
NOVA common stock, as of May 4, 2001, assuming NOVA continued to operate as a
stand-alone entity.
This range was determined by adding (1) the present value of
NOVA's projected free cash flows available to common shareholders from May 4,
2001 through December 31, 2005, and (2) the present value of the terminal value
of NOVA's common stock as of December 31, 2005.
Salomon Smith Barney calculated
free cash flow as net income, plus depreciation and amortization, minus capital
expenditures and minus additional increases in net working capital.
The
projections which formed the bases for the free cash flows and the terminal
value were obtained from mean IBES estimates of NOVA's net income for 2001 and
2002, NOVA's management's estimates of depreciation, amortization, capital
expenditures and changes in working capital for 2001 through 2005, and estimates
for NOVA's long-term net income annual growth rate beyond 2002 ranging from a
high-end growth rate of 19.2% (based on the estimated five-year annual EPS
growth rate as provided by IBES) and a low-end growth rate of 12.5%
(representing the implied annual EPS growth rate as estimated by IBES between
calendar year 2001 and 2002).
In calculating a terminal value of NOVA common
stock at the end of the period, Salomon Smith Barney applied a range of
price-to-earnings (or "P/E") multiples, ranging from 15.0x to 19.0x, to
projected net income for fiscal 2006 with a mid-point of 17.0x based on the
trading value of NOVA common stock as of May 4, 2001.
The free cash flows and
terminal value were then discounted back to May 4, 2001 using a low-end discount
rate of 12.3% and a high-end discount rate of 17.5%.
The low-end discount rate
was derived assuming a risk-free rate of 5.8%, a market risk premium of 5.5% and
a beta of 1.18% and the high-end discount rate was derived assuming a market
risk premium of 7.5% and a beta of 1.56%, which Salomon Smith Barney viewed as
the appropriate discount rate range for a company with NOVA's risk
characteristics.

    
Based on these assumptions, Salomon Smith Barney derived a reference range
for the implied stand-alone per share value of NOVA common stock of $22.50 to
$28.50 assuming a low-end growth rate in net income beyond 2002 of 12.5% and a
reference range for the implied stand-alone per share value of NOVA common stock
of $28.00 to $35.00 assuming a high-end growth rate in net income beyond 2002 of
19.2%.
Salomon Smith Barney noted that the implied value per share of NOVA
common stock, assuming an amount of $31.00 per share to be received by holders
of NOVA common stock pursuant to the merger, was above the reference range of
the implied per share value of NOVA common stock obtained by applying a low-end
growth rate and within the reference range of the implied per share value of
NOVA common stock obtained by applying a high-end growth rate.

    
FORECASTED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL ANALYSIS.  
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed, at
and for the years ending December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, the pro forma
financial impact of the merger on U.S. Bancorp's capital ratios, fully diluted
EPS, fully diluted cash EPS (or "CEPS") and fully diluted tangible book value
per share.
For purposes of these analyses, Salomon Smith Barney assumed that the
merger would close at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2001 and utilized
mean IBES EPS estimates for NOVA and U.S. Bancorp for 2001 and 2002 as adjusted
for the then-anticipated impact of the accounting pronouncements eliminating
goodwill amortization expenses.
Salomon Smith Barney performed this analysis
using U.S. Bancorp management's assumptions with respect to estimated annual

cost savings expected to result from the merger.
Salomon Smith Barney's analysis
of the merger showed that the merger, compared to the continued operation of
U.S. Bancorp on a stand alone basis, would be dilutive to U.S. Bancorp's EPS by
2.5% in 2001, 1.6% in 2002 and 1.3% in 2003, dilutive to U.S. Bancorp's
estimated CEPS by 0.5% in 2001 and accretive to U.S. Bancorp's CEPS by 1.4% in
2002 and 1.1% in 2003, and dilutive to U.S. Bancorp's tangible book value per
share by 11.8% in 2001, 8.5% in 2002 and 6.5% in 2003.
It was also determined
that the merger, compared to the continued operation of U.S. Bancorp on a
stand-alone basis, would slightly lower its capital ratios as reported by U.S.
Bancorp.

    
Salomon Smith Barney also reviewed selected balance sheet information,
income statement information (including interest income, non-interest income and
non-interest expenses) and performance ratios for each of NOVA, U.S. Bancorp
and, on a pro forma basis, the combined company for the 12-month period ended
March 31, 2001.

    
COMPARATIVE OPERATING PERFORMANCE AND COMPANY DESCRIPTION.  
Salomon Smith
Barney reviewed NOVA's comparative gross profit, EBITDA, EBIT and net income
margins for the years 1998 through 2000 and LTM as of March 31, 2001 and NOVA's
comparative gross revenue, operating profit and EPS growth rates on a quarterly
basis throughout 2000 versus the comparable period in 1999.
Comparative
performance ratios, diluted EPS and revenue per share growth rates, capital
ratios and credit statistics were reviewed for the years 1996 through 2000 for
U.S. Bancorp.
In each case, Salomon Smith Barney also reviewed the comparable
median statistics of a peer group consisting of transaction processing companies
in the case of NOVA and super-regional banks in the case of U.S. Bancorp.

    
Salomon Smith Barney provided a description of U.S. Bancorp's operations,
reviewing principal business segments, branch locations, deposits market share,
management positions, loan portfolio and U.S. Bancorp's payment system division.

    
HISTORICAL MARKET STATISTICS.  
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the historical
shareholder returns for NOVA for the last one-, three- and five-year periods and
the year to date and compared such stock price appreciation and depreciation to
the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ 100 Index and an index of financial outsourcing
companies.
Salomon Smith Barney also analyzed the stock market performance for
NOVA and U.S. Bancorp for the last one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods and
the year to date and compared such performance to a peer group bank index, the
S&P Bank Composite Index and the S&P 500 Index.
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed
the U.S. Bancorp stock price as of May 4, 2001 and the resulting market
capitalization, the ratio of price to 2001 EPS, 2002 EPS, book value and
tangible book value and the estimated long-term net income growth rate and in
each case compared these values to the median statistics for a banking peer
group.
Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the NOVA stock price as of May 4, 2001 and
the resulting market capitalization, the ratio of price to LTM earnings, 2001
EPS and 2002 EPS and the ratio of firm value to revenue and LTM EBITDA.
Salomon
Smith Barney also reviewed the mean IBES estimates for five-year projected EPS
growth, 2002 P/E as a percentage of the long-term growth rate, projected EPS
growth between 2001 and 2002 based on mean IBES estimates, and the ratio of debt
to capital.
As part of this review, Salomon Smith Barney in each case compared
NOVA's statistics to the median statistics for a peer group of transaction
processing companies.

    
Although Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the historical stock market
performance and other market statistics of NOVA and certain peer group
companies, it did not undertake a "comparable companies" analysis comparing the
implied per share value of NOVA common stock against the common stock of various
peer group companies because it determined that the other companies operating in
the transaction processing industry have fundamental financial and/or operating
characteristics which are different from those of NOVA and that therefore any
such analysis would not offer a meaningful evaluation of the transaction.

                                  
*    *    *

    The preceding discussion is a summary of the material financial analyses
furnished by Salomon Smith Barney to NOVA's board of directors but it does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Salomon Smith
Barney or its presentations to NOVA's board of directors.
The preparation of
financial analyses and fairness opinions is a complex process involving
subjective judgments and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description.
Salomon Smith Barney made no attempt to assign specific
weights to particular analyses or factors considered, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of all the analyses
and factors considered and determined to give its fairness opinion as described
above.
Accordingly, Salomon Smith Barney believes that its analyses, and the
summary set forth above, must be considered as a whole, and that selecting
portions of the analyses and of the factors considered by Salomon Smith Barney,
without considering all of the analyses and factors, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses conducted by Salomon
Smith Barney and its opinion.

    
With regard to precedent transaction analyses summarized above, Salomon
Smith Barney selected the transactions on the basis of various factors,
including the size and nature of the company.
However, no transaction utilized
as a comparison in the precedent transaction analysis summarized above, is
identical to the merger.
As a result, these analyses are not purely
mathematical, but also take into account differences in financial and operating
characteristics as well as other factors that could affect the transactions to
which the merger is being compared.
In its analyses, Salomon Smith Barney made
numerous assumptions with respect to NOVA, U.S. Bancorp, industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp.
Any estimates
contained in Salomon Smith Barney's analyses are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these analyses.

Estimates of values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily
to reflect the prices at which companies may actually be sold.
Because these
estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty, none of NOVA, U.S. Bancorp,
NOVA's board of directors, Salomon Smith Barney or any other person assumes
responsibility if future results or actual values differ materially from the
estimates.

    
Salomon Smith Barney's analyses were prepared solely as part of Salomon
Smith Barney's analysis of the fairness of the consideration to be received by
the holders of NOVA common stock pursuant to the merger and were provided to
NOVA's board of directors in that connection.
The opinion of Salomon Smith
Barney was only one of the many factors taken into consideration by NOVA's board
of directors in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the
merger and to proceed with the merger.
See "--NOVA's Reasons for the Merger and
Recommendation of NOVA's Board of Directors.
"

    Salomon Smith Barney is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm engaged, among other things, in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, restructurings,
leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
NOVA selected Salomon Smith
Barney to act as its financial advisor on the basis of Salomon Smith Barney's
international reputation.
Salomon Smith Barney has in the past provided
investment banking services to NOVA and U.S. Bancorp unrelated to the merger,
for which Salomon Smith Barney has received compensation.
In the ordinary course
of its business, Salomon Smith Barney and its affiliates may actively trade or
hold the securities of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp for its own account or for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in these securities.
Salomon Smith Barney and its affiliates (including
Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates) may maintain other business relationships
with NOVA, U.S. Bancorp and their respective affiliates.

    
Pursuant to Salomon Smith Barney's engagement letter, NOVA agreed to pay
Salomon Smith Barney for its services rendered in connection with the merger, a
cash fee equal to 0.55% of the

transaction value, of which $1,000,000 is payable upon delivery of the opinion,
and the balance is payable upon consummation of the merger.
NOVA has also agreed
to reimburse Salomon Smith Barney for its reasonable travel and other
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its engagement, including the
reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel, and to indemnify Salomon Smith
Barney against specific liabilities and expenses relating to or arising out of
its engagement, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The merger agreement executed on May 7, 2001 is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix A and is incorporated into this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference.
The following paragraphs describe the
principal provisions of the merger agreement.


THE MERGER

    Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, at the
effective time of the merger, NOVA will merge with and into U.S. Bancorp.
U.S.
Bancorp will be the surviving corporation and will continue its existence under
the Delaware General Corporation Law.

    
Alternatively, U.S. Bancorp and NOVA may agree to merge NOVA into a wholly
owned subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp as long as (a) no change occurs to the amount,
kind or method of determining the U.S. Bancorp common stock or cash
consideration to be received by NOVA shareholders, (b) the tax treatment of the
merger is not adversely affected and (c) there is no material delay or
imposition towards completion of the merger.
In this case, the wholly owned
subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp would be the surviving corporation in the merger.

    
At the effective time, the separate existence of NOVA will terminate, and
you will cease to be a shareholder of NOVA and will have no rights as a
shareholder of NOVA, other than to receive any dividend or other distribution
with respect to NOVA common stock with a record date occurring prior to the
effective date of the merger.
Instead, you will have the right to receive the
merger consideration described below in "--Merger Consideration" unless you
exercise your right to dissent from the merger.
After the effective time, there
will be no transfers on the stock transfer books of NOVA or U.S. Bancorp of
shares of NOVA's common stock.


EFFECTIVENESS OF THE MERGER

    The effective date for the merger will be a date within two business days of
the day on which the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions to
completion of the merger, as set forth in the merger agreement, has been
fulfilled or waived, unless NOVA and U.S. Bancorp agree to a later date.
The
effective time of the merger will be the time on the effective date when the
merger will become effective.


MERGER CONSIDERATION

    ELECTION OF CONSIDERATION

    
At the effective time, each share of NOVA common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will be converted, subject
to antidilution adjustments as provided in the merger agreement and described
below, into the right to receive the merger consideration, which may be subject
to proration or adjustment as explained below in "--Oversubscription of Cash or
Stock" and "--Tax Adjustment."
You may elect to receive cash, shares of U.S.
Bancorp common stock or a combination of cash and shares of U.S. Bancorp common
stock.
The cash consideration is $31.00, without interest, per share of NOVA
common stock.
The stock consideration is 1.407 shares of U.S.

Bancorp common stock per share of NOVA common stock unless U.S. Bancorp elects
to increase this stock exchange ratio as described in "--Termination of the
Merger Agreement--Termination."

    
If you wish to receive a combination of cash and shares of U.S. Bancorp
common stock, you must designate how many of your NOVA shares you wish to
convert into cash, and how many you wish to convert into shares of U.S. Bancorp
common stock.
However, the amount of cash and the number of shares of common
stock U.S. Bancorp will issue in the merger is subject to limitations described
below in "--Oversubscription of Cash or Stock."
Consequently, the amounts of
cash and/or U.S. Bancorp common stock you actually receive may be different from
the amounts you elected to receive.

    
The cash exchange ratio of $31.00 per NOVA share, and the stock exchange
ratio of 1.407 U.S. Bancorp shares per NOVA share, are fixed.
Regardless of what
happens to the market value of the NOVA common stock prior to the merger, and
regardless of what happens to the market value of the U.S. Bancorp common stock
prior to and after the merger, the amount of cash or the number of U.S. Bancorp
shares that a NOVA shareholder will receive, either due to the shareholder's
election or the possible adjustments described above, will not be more or less
than $31.00 or 1.407
U.S. Bancorp shares per NOVA share (unless an adjustment is
made, as described below under "--Tax Adjustment").
We cannot assure you what
the value of the U.S. Bancorp shares, if any, you receive in the merger will be
when you actually receive them after the merger is completed.
The stock exchange
ratio of 1.407 shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock per NOVA share may not
reflect the closing sales price of the U.S. Bancorp common stock immediately
before, as of or after completion of the merger.

    
A form of election and a copy of this proxy statement/prospectus were
separately mailed to each holder of record of NOVA common stock.
The form of
election will permit you to make an election as described above.
NOVA common
stock held by a shareholder who fails to submit a valid form of election prior
to the election deadline described below under "--Election Procedures; Exchange
Agent," will be treated as "no-election shares" for which no preference as to
the receipt of cash or U.S. Bancorp common stock has been indicated.
These
shares will be exchanged for cash, shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock or a
combination of the two at the discretion of U.S. Bancorp.

    OVERSUBSCRIPTION OF CASH OR STOCK

    
Regardless of what you elect to receive in the merger, and subject to an
adjustment for tax reasons (as described below in "--Tax Adjustment"), the
aggregate amounts of cash and common stock that U.S. Bancorp will issue in the
merger are fixed under the terms of the merger agreement.
The aggregate amount
of cash that U.S. Bancorp will pay in the merger is the amount of cash that
would be paid if 40% of the shares of NOVA common stock outstanding on the
record date were exchanged for cash.
The cash amount that U.S. Bancorp will pay
in the merger includes any cash paid to dissenters and cash paid in lieu of
fractional shares.
The aggregate amount of common stock that U.S. Bancorp will
issue in the merger is limited to 60% of the shares of NOVA common stock
outstanding on the record date, multiplied by the 1.407 stock exchange ratio.

    
NOVA's shareholders, as a group, might submit elections to convert more
shares of NOVA common stock into cash, or more shares of NOVA common stock into
U.S. Bancorp common stock, than the limits provided in the merger agreement.
If
either type of merger consideration is oversubscribed, then an equitable pro
rata adjustment will be made to ensure that the cash and stock payment limits
are met.
For example, if cash is oversubscribed, NOVA shareholders who elected
to receive cash in the merger will receive instead a lesser amount of cash than
they expected and a number of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock calculated in
accordance with the formula set forth in section 3.01(e) of the merger
agreement.
Similarly, if shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock are oversubscribed,
then shareholders who elected to receive U.S. Bancorp common stock will instead
receive a lesser number of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock than they
expected and an amount of cash calculated in accordance with the formula set
forth in section 3.01(g) of the merger agreement.

    
We will attempt to honor your election, and NOVA shares for which no
election has been made will be allocated cash and stock in a manner that allows
U.S. Bancorp to honor the elections of NOVA shareholders who submitted a valid
and timely form of election.
However, if there are insufficient "no-election"
shares, it will be necessary to adjust NOVA shareholder elections in some
respect.

    
NO FRACTIONAL SHARES

    No fractional shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock will be issued in the
merger.
For each fractional share that would otherwise be issued, U.S. Bancorp
will pay an amount in cash (without interest) determined by multiplying the
fraction by the average of the closing sales prices of U.S. Bancorp common stock
(as reported in the WALL STREET JOURNAL or, if not reported in that publication,
in another authoritative source), for the five New York Stock Exchange trading
days immediately preceding the effective date.

    
TAX ADJUSTMENT

    The merger is intended to qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code and, therefore, be tax free to NOVA shareholders to
the extent they receive shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock in the transaction.

Under the Internal Revenue Code, however, the merger might not be a
reorganization if, at the effective time of the merger, the total value of the
shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock that NOVA shareholders receive does not
represent 50% or more of the fair market value of the total consideration as of
the effective time--including shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock, cash and any
other amounts treated as consideration in connection with the merger for
purposes of the Internal Revenue Code--that NOVA's shareholders receive in
connection with the merger.
To prevent this from happening, if the value of the
shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock received would otherwise be less than 50% of
the value of the total consideration, U.S. Bancorp may, but is not required to,
either increase the number of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock to be issued
in the merger or increase the percentage of the outstanding shares of NOVA
common stock that will be converted into U.S. Bancorp common stock and decrease
the percentage of the outstanding shares of NOVA common stock that will be
converted into cash.

    
For this condition to occur, the closing price of U.S. Bancorp common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange on the last trading day before the closing of the
merger must be less than $15.50 per share.
Under the merger agreement, however,
if the average of the daily closing prices during any period of 10 trading days
is less than $15.50, NOVA has a right to terminate the merger agreement unless
U.S. Bancorp agrees to adjust the exchange ratio so that NOVA shareholders
receive total stock consideration per NOVA share of a value equal to or greater
than $21.80.


ELECTION PROCEDURES; EXCHANGE AGENT

    FORM OF ELECTION

    A form of election is being mailed to you separately.
All elections must be
made on the form of election.
To be effective, a form of election must be:

    - properly completed, signed and submitted to the exchange agent, Firstar
      Bank, N.A., at the address specified on the form of election;

    - accompanied by the NOVA stock certificates as to which the election is
      being made (if your shares are held in book-entry form, you need only
      submit the form of election, or follow any instructions provided by your
      broker); and

    - received by the exchange agent before 5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time on
      July 24, 2001.

    
The form of election contains instructions on how to complete it and how to
submit it to the exchange agent.
Forms of election may be revoked in writing,
and new forms of election may be submitted, so long as the written revocation
and the new election are received by the exchange agent prior to 5:00 p.m.
Eastern Daylight Time on July 24, 2001.
Where necessary, you also may need to
complete a notice of guaranteed delivery, as directed in the form of election.

    
U.S. Bancorp has the discretion to determine whether you have properly
completed, signed and submitted (or revoked) a form of election and to disregard
immaterial defects in the form of election.
U.S. Bancorp may delegate this right
to the exchange agent.
The exchange agent will make all computations in respect
of the conversion of shares of NOVA common stock into cash and shares of U.S.
Bancorp common stock, and all these computations will be conclusive and binding
on NOVA shareholders.

    
If your shares of NOVA stock are held by a bank or by a broker in "street
name," you must contact the bank or broker to determine how to submit your
shares to the exchange agent.
If a stock certificate representing your NOVA
shares has been lost, stolen or destroyed, you may still complete an election if
you provide the exchange agent with appropriate evidence as to the loss and
appropriate evidence as to your ownership of the certificate.
An indemnity
reasonable to U.S. Bancorp may also be required.

    
If you dissent from the merger but also submit a form of election, the form
of election will be invalid and will be rejected.
If you initially dissent from
the merger but change your mind prior to the election deadline and you do not
submit a valid form of election prior to the election deadline, then each share
of NOVA common stock you hold will be treated as a share for which you have
indicated no preference as to the receipt of cash or U.S. Bancorp common stock.

    
DELIVERY OF MERGER CONSIDERATION

    At or prior to the effective time, U.S. Bancorp will deposit the merger
consideration with the exchange agent.
If you have submitted a valid form of
election, then promptly after the effective time, the exchange agent will send
you your share of the merger consideration.

    
FAILURE TO SUBMIT AN ELECTION

    
If you submit an untimely or improperly completed form of election or do not
submit any form of election, you will be deemed not to have made an election.
In
either case, you will have no choice over the type of consideration that you
receive in the merger.
Instead, U.S. Bancorp will determine whether to exchange
your shares for cash, shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock or a combination of
the two.

    
Promptly after the effective time, the exchange agent will send a form
letter of transmittal to those NOVA shareholders of record immediately prior to
the effective date who were deemed not to have made an election.
These
shareholders will be instructed to complete the letter of transmittal and to
mail it, accompanied by certificates they hold formerly representing their NOVA
common stock to the exchange agent.
If your shares are held in book-entry form,
you need only submit the form of election, or follow any instructions provided
by your broker.
If you failed to make a valid and timely election, then until
your completed letter of transmittal has been received by the exchange agent and
all certificates representing NOVA common stock have been surrendered for
exchange, you will accrue but will not be paid dividends or other distributions
declared after the effective time of the merger with respect to any shares of
U.S. Bancorp common stock into which your shares have been converted.
When the
letter of transmittal has been received by the exchange agent and any and all
stock certificates you hold have been surrendered for exchange (if your shares
are held in book-entry form, you need only submit the form of election, or
follow any instructions provided by your broker), then the exchange agent will
send you your merger consideration, and any unpaid dividends or other
distributions will be paid, without interest.
After the effective time of the
merger, there will be no

transfers on NOVA's stock transfer books of shares of NOVA common stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time.

    
If any shares of NOVA common stock are not surrendered or the consideration
for them is not claimed prior to the date on which the consideration would
otherwise escheat to or become the property of any governmental unit or agency,
the unclaimed consideration will, to the extent permitted by abandoned property
and any other applicable law, become the property of U.S. Bancorp (and to the
extent not in its possession will be paid over to U.S. Bancorp), and thereafter
any NOVA shareholders who have not surrendered their NOVA shares by submitting a
letter of transmittal and any common stock certificates they hold will look only
to U.S. Bancorp for payment of the merger consideration and unpaid dividends and
distributions on U.S. Bancorp common stock (all without interest) deliverable in
respect of shares of NOVA common stock.
Notwithstanding the above, none of U.S.
Bancorp, NOVA, the exchange agent or any other person will be liable to any
former NOVA shareholder for any amount properly delivered to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.


TREATMENT OF OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

    At the effective time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of NOVA
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time under any NOVA
stock option plan and each warrant to purchase shares of NOVA common stock will
be converted into an option or warrant to acquire, on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under the relevant NOVA stock option or stock
warrant, the number of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock equal to (a) the
number of shares of NOVA common stock subject to the NOVA stock option or NOVA
stock warrant, multiplied by (b) 1.407 (with the product rounded up (or down, as
necessary for an "incentive stock option" as described below) to the nearest
whole number), at an exercise price per share (rounded up or down to the nearest
whole cent) equal to the exercise price per share for the shares of NOVA common
stock that were purchasable pursuant to the NOVA stock option or stock warrant,
divided by the 1.407 stock exchange ratio.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
NOVA stock option that is intended to be an "incentive stock option" (as defined
in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code) will be adjusted in accordance with
the requirements of Section 424 of the Internal Revenue Code.


ANTIDILUTION ADJUSTMENTS

    
If, prior to the effective time of the merger, the number of outstanding
shares of NOVA common stock or U.S. Bancorp common stock is changed as a result
of a stock split, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
combination, stock dividend, exchange of shares, reverse stock split or other
similar changes in capitalization, or either NOVA or U.S. Bancorp declares a
stock dividend or extraordinary cash dividend, then an appropriate and
proportionate adjustment will be made to the 1.407 stock exchange ratio.


MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    The following discussion describes the federal income tax consequences of
the merger that are material to you as a NOVA shareholder.
This discussion
applies only to NOVA shareholders who hold their shares of NOVA common stock as
capital assets.
This discussion does not address the particular facts and
circumstances of the tax situation of each NOVA shareholder and does not discuss
all of the consequences that may be relevant to NOVA shareholders entitled to
special treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (such as
insurance companies, financial institutions, dealers in securities, exempt
organizations or foreign persons) or to NOVA shareholders who are subject to the
alternative minimum tax or who acquired their NOVA common stock pursuant to the
exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation.
Furthermore,
this discussion does not address the availability to NOVA shareholders who are
corporations of the dividends received

deduction or the "extraordinary dividend" provisions of the Code.
Additionally,
no information is provided in this description with respect to the tax
consequences of the merger under estate, gift, state, local, foreign or other
tax laws.

    
We have based this discussion on current provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code, final and temporary Treasury Regulations issued under the Internal Revenue
Code, and current administrative rulings and practice, and court decisions.
All
of these sources are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and any
change could affect the continuing validity of this discussion.

    
THE PARTICULAR TAX ATTRIBUTES OF EACH NOVA SHAREHOLDER WILL VARY.
THE TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO EACH NOVA SHAREHOLDER WILL ALSO VARY, DEPENDING
UPON WHETHER YOU RECEIVE SOLELY U.S. BANCORP COMMON STOCK, A COMBINATION OF CASH
AND U.S. BANCORP COMMON STOCK, OR SOLELY CASH.
CONSEQUENTLY, WE URGE YOU TO
CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER,
INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND FOREIGN TAX LAWS.

    
GENERAL

    The Internal Revenue Service has not been and will not be asked to
rule upon the tax consequences of the merger.
Instead, NOVA will receive an
opinion from its counsel, Long Aldridge & Norman LLP, and U.S. Bancorp will
receive an opinion from its counsel, Dorsey & Whitney LLP, each dated as of the
effective time of the merger, substantially to the effect that, in addition to
other matters:

    - the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
      reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

    - NOVA and U.S. Bancorp will each be a party to the reorganization within
      the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code; and

    - NOVA and U.S. Bancorp will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the
      merger.


Accordingly:

    - no gain or loss will be recognized by NOVA shareholders who exchange their
      NOVA common stock solely for U.S. Bancorp common stock pursuant to the
      merger (except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional share
      interest in U.S. Bancorp common stock);

    - the tax basis of the U.S. Bancorp common stock received by NOVA
      shareholders who exchange all of their NOVA common stock solely for U.S.
      Bancorp common stock in the merger will be the same as the tax basis of
      NOVA common stock surrendered in exchange therefor (reduced by the tax
      basis allocable to any fractional shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock
      received in the merger); and

    - the holding period of the U.S. Bancorp common stock received by a NOVA
      shareholder pursuant to the merger will include the period during which
      NOVA common stock surrendered therefor was held.

    
The opinions of Long Aldridge & Norman LLP and Dorsey & Whitney LLP will be
based upon the facts described in this description, certain assumptions and upon
representations made by NOVA and U.S. Bancorp and are subject to the
limitations, qualifications and assumptions referred to in this proxy
statement/prospectus and in the opinions.
The opinions of Long Aldridge &
Norman LLP and Dorsey & Whitney LLP will also be based upon the Internal Revenue
Code, Treasury Regulations now in effect, current administrative rulings and
practice, and court decisions, all of which are subject to change.
An opinion of
counsel is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service and there can be no
assurance, and none is hereby given, that the Internal Revenue Service will not
take a position contrary to one or more positions reflected herein in this
description or that the opinion will be upheld by the courts if challenged by
the Internal Revenue Service.

    
AGGREGATE MERGER CONSIDERATION

    
The foregoing discussion assumes that, on the closing date of the merger,
the total value of U.S. Bancorp common stock that NOVA shareholders receive
represents at least 50% of the value of the total merger consideration.
Between
now and the closing date of the merger, the value of U.S. Bancorp's common could
decrease.
If it decreases such that, based on the closing price on the last
trading day prior to the date the merger would be completed, the total value of
U.S. Bancorp common stock that NOVA shareholders receive does not represent at
least 50% of the value of the total merger consideration, then under the terms
of the merger agreement, U.S. Bancorp has the option to either:

    - increase the number of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock to be issued in
      the merger on a proportionate basis, or

    - increase the number of shares of NOVA common stock to be converted into
      shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock and decrease the number of shares of
      NOVA common stock to be converted into cash,

in either case such that the total cash consideration would not exceed 50% of
the value of the total merger consideration.
If U.S. Bancorp does not exercise
either option and the merger is nonetheless completed, the merger may be taxable
to NOVA shareholders.
YOU ARE STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX AND
FINANCIAL ADVISERS REGARDING THE EFFECT OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS
PARAGRAPH.

    
NOVA SHAREHOLDERS WHO RECEIVE SOLELY U.S. BANCORP COMMON STOCK IN EXCHANGE
     FOR NOVA COMMON STOCK

    A NOVA shareholder who exchanges shares of NOVA common stock solely for
shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock will not recognize any gain or loss on the
exchange, except to the extent the shareholder receives cash in lieu of
fractional shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock (as discussed below).
The
aggregate adjusted tax basis of the shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock received
by the NOVA shareholder in the merger will be the shareholder's aggregate
adjusted tax basis in the shares of NOVA common stock surrendered in the merger
(reduced by the tax basis allocable to any fractional shares of U.S. Bancorp
common stock with respect to which cash was received by the NOVA shareholder).

The holding period of the U.S. Bancorp common stock received in the merger will
include the period during which the shareholder held the shares of NOVA common
stock that were surrendered in exchange for the U.S. Bancorp common stock.

    
NOVA SHAREHOLDERS
WHO RECEIVE A COMBINATION OF U.S. BANCORP COMMON STOCK AND
     CASH IN EXCHANGE FOR NOVA COMMON STOCK

    If a NOVA shareholder realizes a loss upon the exchange of NOVA common stock
for a combination of cash and U.S. Bancorp common stock, the shareholder cannot
recognize the loss, except for any loss attributable to any cash received
instead of a fractional share of U.S. Bancorp common stock as discussed below.

If a NOVA shareholder realizes any gain, he or she will recognize that gain in
an amount equal to the lesser of:

    - the amount of cash received by the shareholder; and

    - the amount of gain realized by the shareholder, except that cash received
      instead of a fractional share of U.S. Bancorp common stock will be treated
      as discussed below.


The gain or loss realized equals the difference between the sum of cash and fair
market value of U.S. Bancorp common stock received by the NOVA shareholder and
the shareholder's tax basis in the NOVA common stock that the shareholder
surrendered in the merger.

    
The character of the gain recognized depends on the particular facts and
circumstances relating to each NOVA shareholder.
Any gain that the shareholder
recognizes as a result of the receipt of cash may be characterized as capital
gain.
This capital gain will be long-term capital gain if the holding period for
the shares of NOVA common stock that are surrendered in the merger is greater
than one year as of the effective time of the merger.
However, the gain that a
shareholder recognizes as a result of the receipt of cash may be treated as a
dividend distribution if the receipt of the cash is treated as having, for
federal income tax purposes, the effect of the distribution of a dividend.
If
any portion of the distribution is taxable as a dividend to a corporate
shareholder, it may qualify for the "dividends received deduction."
This
dividend may, however, be subject to the "extraordinary dividend" provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code.

    
To determine whether gain is capital gain or a dividend distribution, the
Internal Revenue Service deems a redemption to occur under which a NOVA
shareholder that receives a combination of cash and U.S. Bancorp common stock is
treated as hypothetically:

    - receiving solely shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock in exchange for all
      of the shareholder's NOVA common stock; and

    - having U.S. Bancorp redeem a portion of those shares of U.S. Bancorp
      common stock equal in amount to the cash that the shareholder actually
      received in the merger.


This is called a "deemed redemption."
Under this analysis, in general, if the
receipt of cash by the holder in the deemed redemption results in a
"substantially disproportionate" reduction in the holder's voting stock interest
in U.S. Bancorp or is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend," the receipt of
the cash will not have the effect of the distribution of a dividend.
In applying
this deemed redemption analysis, particular constructive ownership rules apply
in determining a NOVA shareholder's ownership interest in U.S. Bancorp
immediately after the merger but before the deemed redemption, and after the
deemed redemption.
Under those rules, a NOVA shareholder is deemed to own stock
held by specific family members, estates and trusts of which the shareholder is
a beneficiary, a partnership in which the shareholder is a partner, and a
corporation in which the shareholder is a direct or indirect 50% shareholder, as
well as stock subject to options that are held by the shareholder or the
entities in which the shareholder owns an interest.
Because these constructive
ownership rules are complex, each NOVA shareholder who believes that he or she
may be subject to these rules should consult his or her tax advisor.

    
The deemed redemption will be "substantially disproportionate" with respect
to a NOVA shareholder if:

    - the percentage of the total combined voting power of all classes of
      outstanding voting stock of U.S. Bancorp the shareholder owns immediately
      after the deemed redemption is less than 50%; and

    - the percentage of the value and the voting stock of U.S. Bancorp the
      shareholder owns immediately after the hypothetical redemption is less
      than 80% of the percentage of the value and the voting stock of U.S.
      Bancorp that the shareholder is deemed to own immediately before the
      deemed redemption.


For example, a NOVA shareholder who receives a combination of cash and U.S.
Bancorp stock in the merger, and who would have owned 5% of the outstanding
stock of U.S. Bancorp had he or she received solely stock in the merger,
generally is expected to satisfy the "substantially disproportionate" test if
the shareholder owns less than 4% of the outstanding stock of U.S. Bancorp after
the merger.

    
If the deemed redemption from a NOVA shareholder fails to satisfy the
"substantially disproportionate" test, a shareholder may still be treated as
receiving capital gain by satisfying the "not essentially equivalent to a
dividend" test.
A payment to a NOVA shareholder will satisfy the "not

essentially equivalent to a dividend" test if it results in a "meaningful
reduction" in that shareholder's proportionate stock interest in U.S. Bancorp.

If a shareholder with a relatively minimal stock interest in U.S. Bancorp and no
right to exercise control over corporate affairs reduces his or her
proportionate interest in U.S. Bancorp as a result of the deemed redemption, the
Internal Revenue Service should regard that shareholder as having meaningfully
reduced his or her interest in U.S. Bancorp.
For example, the Internal Revenue
Service has held in a published ruling that in the case of a less-than-1%
shareholder who does not have management control over the corporation, any
reduction in proportionate interest will constitute a "meaningful reduction.
"

    Because the typical holder of shares of NOVA common stock is a less-than-1%
shareholder, if that holder:

    - undergoes a reduction in his or her proportionate stock interest in U.S.
      Bancorp,

    - does not own any U.S. Bancorp common stock other than that actually
      received or deemed to have been received in the merger, and

    - is not considered to own any stock attributed to the shareholder under the
      constructive ownership rules,

then the gain that the shareholder recognizes as the result of the receipt of
cash is generally expected to be characterized as capital gain.

    
However, the deemed redemption tests that we describe above and the
application of the constructive ownership rules are complex and will depend upon
each NOVA shareholder's particular facts and circumstances.
If you elect to
receive a portion of the merger consideration as cash, we urge you to consult
your tax advisor to determine the character of any gain that you may recognize
as a result of the merger.

    
The aggregate tax basis of the U.S. Bancorp common stock received by a NOVA
shareholder who exchanges his or her shares of NOVA common stock for a
combination of U.S. Bancorp common stock and cash in the merger will be the same
as the aggregate tax basis of the NOVA common stock that the shareholder
surrendered in the merger, less any portion of such basis allocable to any
fractional share interest of U.S. Bancorp common stock for which the shareholder
received cash, decreased by the amount of cash received, and increased by the
amount of gain recognized, including any portion of the gain that is treated as
a dividend.
The holding period of the U.S. Bancorp common stock received will
include the holding period of the shares of NOVA common stock surrendered in
exchange for the U.S. Bancorp common stock.

    
NOVA SHAREHOLDERS WHO RECEIVE SOLELY CASH

    A NOVA shareholder who exchanges all of his or her shares of NOVA common
stock solely for cash and who owns no shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock either
actually or constructively after the merger will generally recognize gain or
loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the
shareholder's adjusted tax basis of the shares of NOVA common stock surrendered
in the merger.
Any gain or loss generally will be treated as capital gain or
loss, and generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holding period
of the shares is greater than one year as of the effective time of the merger.

If, however, the NOVA shareholder either actually or constructively owns any
shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock following the merger, the cash received by
the NOVA shareholder may be treated as a dividend distribution.
The
determination of whether a shareholder constructively owns any shares of U.S.
Bancorp common stock is based on the constructive ownership rules discussed
above.
Because these constructive ownership rules are complex, if a NOVA
shareholder believes that he or she may be subject to these rules, the
shareholder should consult his or her tax advisor.

    
CASH RECEIVED IN LIEU OF FRACTIONAL SHARES

    A NOVA shareholder who receives cash instead of a fractional share of U.S.
Bancorp common stock will be treated as having first received the fractional
share of U.S. Bancorp common stock in the merger and then as having received
cash in exchange for the fractional share interest.
Consequently, the NOVA
shareholder generally will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the
difference between the amount of cash received instead of the fractional share
of U.S. Bancorp common stock and the portion of the adjusted tax basis of the
shareholder's shares of NOVA common stock that are allocable to the fractional
share of U.S. Bancorp common stock.
The gain or loss will constitute capital
gain or loss, and generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the
holding period for the shares was greater than one year as of the effective time
of the merger.

    
NOVA SHAREHOLDER REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

    A NOVA shareholder who exchanges NOVA common stock for U.S. Bancorp common
stock or exchanges NOVA common stock for a combination of U.S. Bancorp common
stock and cash in connection with the merger will be required to retain records
and file with that shareholder's federal income tax return for the taxable year
in which the merger takes place a statement setting forth all relevant facts in
respect of the nonrecognition of gain or loss upon the exchange.
The statement
must include:

    - the shareholder's basis in the shares of NOVA common stock surrendered in
      the merger;

    - the value of the shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock received, using fair
      market value as of the effective time of the merger; and

    - the amount of any cash received in the merger.

    
BACKUP WITHHOLDING

    Under the Internal Revenue Code, a NOVA shareholder may be subject, under
some circumstances, to backup withholding at a 31% rate with respect to the
amount of consideration received in connection with the merger unless the holder
provides proof of an applicable exemption or a correct taxpayer identification
number and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup
withholding rules.
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are
not an additional tax and may be refunded or credited against the holder's
federal income tax liability, if the required information is furnished to the
Internal Revenue Service.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    The merger will be accounted for by U.S. Bancorp under the purchase method
of accounting in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16,
"Business Combinations," as amended.

    
Under this method of accounting, the purchase price will be allocated to
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair market values at the
date of the acquisition.
The income statement of the combined company will not
include the operations of NOVA prior to the effective date of the merger.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

    NOVA has existing employment agreements with Messrs. Grzedzinski, McMiller
and Scheppmann and with Ms. Fuzzell and Ms. Joseph.
In this proxy
statement/prospectus, we refer to these agreements as the "NOVA Employment
Agreements."
In general, the NOVA Employment Agreements provide for:

    (1) a two-year term of employment with NOVA commencing February 22, 2001 (or
       in the case of Mr. Grzedzinski, a three-year term of employment), with
       automatic one-year (or in the case of Mr. Grzedzinski, three-year)
       renewal terms unless earlier terminated by either party;

    (2) a base salary;

    (3) a bonus based on NOVA's financial performance;

    (4) certain fringe benefits; and

    (5) certain payments and benefits of employment in the event of termination
       under certain circumstances, as described in the NOVA Employment
       Agreements.

    
On the effective date of the merger, the NOVA Employment Agreements will
terminate and be superseded by new employment agreements, by and among the
listed individuals, U.S. Bancorp, NOVA Information Systems, Inc. and NOVA.
In
this proxy statement/ prospectus, we refer to these agreements as the "U.S.
Bancorp Employment Agreements."
The principal terms of these U.S. Bancorp
Employment Agreements are summarized below.

    
EDWARD GRZEDZINSKI.  
The current Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer of NOVA will be employed by U.S. Bancorp as Vice Chairman of
U.S. Bancorp and as President and Chief Executive Officer of NOVA Information
Systems, Inc. and will serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors of NOVA
Information Systems, Inc.
Mr. Grzedzinski's U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement
provides for (1) an initial term of employment with U.S. Bancorp ending five
years after the effective date of the merger, with automatic three-year renewal
terms, (2) a yearly base salary of $540,000 (or a higher amount as approved by
NOVA prior to the effective date of the merger, not to exceed 120% of that
amount), with such increases as may from time to time be deemed appropriate by
the Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Bancorp, (3) a stock option to purchase
500,000 shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock, (4) an annual bonus tied to
achievement-specific objectives of at least 50% and up to 150% of his base
salary, (5) certain fringe benefits, (6) with respect to up to 80% of his
options to acquire NOVA common stock outstanding as of the effective date of the
merger, the ability for Mr. Grzedzinski to elect to receive, in exchange for
canceling his NOVA stock options, a lump sum cash payment on the effective date
of the merger equal to the difference between the exercise price of his options
and the $31.00 per share cash merger consideration and (7) a payment of
$2,880,000.

    
If Mr. Grzedzinski's employment with U.S. Bancorp terminates under certain
circumstances, as set forth in his U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement, he will
receive (1) a pro-rata bonus payment based on the previous year's bonus amount,
(2) a payment equal to three times his "annual compensation" (as defined in his
U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement), (3) the immediate vesting of all outstanding
stock options, restricted stock and all amounts contributed to any non-qualified
retirement plan or deferred compensation plan, and the continuing right to
exercise such options for the remaining term of the options, (4) all benefits
normally available under his U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement shall remain
available until the earlier of three years from the termination date or
Mr. Grzedzinski's acceptance of employment with another employer and (5) a
"gross-up payment" (as defined in his U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement)
necessary to compensate Mr. Grzedzinski for any excise taxes imposed by
Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

    
PAMELA A. JOSEPH.  
The current Senior Executive Vice President of NOVA and
President of NOVA Information Systems, Inc. will be employed by U.S. Bancorp as
Senior Executive Vice President of NOVA Information Systems, Inc.
Ms. Joseph's
U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement provides for

(1) an initial term of employment with U.S. Bancorp ending two years after the
effective date of the merger, with automatic one-year renewal terms, (2) a
yearly base salary of $360,000 (or a higher amount as approved by NOVA prior to
the effective date of the merger, not to exceed 115% of that amount), with such
increases as may from time to time be deemed appropriate by the Chief Executive
Officer of NOVA Information Systems, Inc., (3) a stock option to purchase
250,000 shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock, (4) an annual bonus tied to the
performance of NOVA Information Systems, Inc. of up to 100% of her base salary,
with a target bonus of 50% of her base salary, (5) certain fringe benefits,
(6) with respect to up to 75% of her options to acquire NOVA common stock
outstanding as of the effective date of the merger, the ability for Ms. Joseph
to elect to receive, in exchange for canceling her stock options, a lump sum
cash payment on the effective date of the merger equal to the difference between
the exercise price of her options and the $31.00 per share cash merger
consideration and (7) a payment equal to three times annual base salary payable
in two equal installments, the first on the effective date of the merger and the
second on the first anniversary of the effective date (subject to partial
reimbursement to U.S. Bancorp under certain circumstances).

    
STEPHEN M. SCHEPPMANN.  
The current Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of NOVA will be employed by U.S. Bancorp as Chief Financial
Officer of NOVA Information Systems, Inc.
Mr. Scheppmann's U.S. Bancorp
Employment Agreement provides for (1) an initial term of employment with U.S.
Bancorp ending two years after the effective date of the merger, with automatic
one-year renewal terms, (2) a yearly base salary of $300,000 (or a higher amount
as approved by NOVA prior to the effective date of the merger, not to exceed
115% of that amount) with such increases as may from time to time be deemed
appropriate by the Chief Executive Officer of NOVA Information Systems, Inc.,
(3) a stock option to purchase 125,000 shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock,
(4) an annual bonus tied to the performance of NOVA Information Systems, Inc. of
up to 100% of his base salary, with a target bonus of 50% of his base salary,
(5) certain fringe benefits, (6) with respect to up to 75% of his options to
acquire NOVA common stock outstanding as of the effective date of the merger,
the ability for Mr. Scheppmann to elect to receive, in exchange for canceling
his stock options, a lump sum cash payment on the effective date of the merger
equal to the difference between the exercise price of his options and the $31.00
per share cash merger consideration and (7) a payment equal to three times
annual base salary payable in two equal installments, the first on the effective
date of the merger and the second on the first anniversary of the effective date
(subject to partial reimbursement to U.S. Bancorp under certain circumstances).

    CHERIE M. FUZZELL.  
The current Executive Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary of NOVA will be employed by U.S. Bancorp as Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary of NOVA Information Systems, Inc.
Ms. Fuzzell's U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement provides for (1) an initial term
of employment with U.S. Bancorp ending two years after the effective date, with
automatic one-year renewal terms, (2) a yearly base salary of $250,000 (or a
higher amount as approved by NOVA prior to the effective date of the merger not
to exceed 115% of that amount), with such increases as may from time to time be
deemed appropriate by the Chief Executive Officer of NOVA Information Systems,
Inc. (3) a stock option to purchase 125,000 shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock,
(4) an annual bonus tied to the performance of NOVA Information Systems, Inc. of
up to 100% of her base salary, with a target bonus of 50% of her base salary,
(5) certain fringe benefits, (6) with respect to up to 75% of her options to
acquire NOVA common stock outstanding as of the effective date of the merger,
the ability for Ms. Fuzzell to elect to receive, in exchange for canceling her
stock options, a lump sum cash payment on the effective date of the merger equal
to the difference between the exercise price of her options and the $31.00 per
share cash merger consideration and (7) a payment equal to three times annual
base salary payable in two equal installments, the first on the effective date
of the merger and the second on the first anniversary of the effective date
(subject to partial reimbursement to U.S. Bancorp under certain circumstances).

    DAVID M. MCMILLER.  
The current Senior Vice President of Human Resources of
NOVA will be employed by U.S. Bancorp as Senior Vice President of Human
Resources of NOVA Information Systems, Inc.
Mr. McMiller's U.S. Bancorp
Employment Agreement provides for (1) an initial term of employment with U.S.
Bancorp ending two years after the effective date, with automatic one-year
renewal terms, (2) a yearly base salary of $150,000 (or a higher amount as
approved by NOVA prior to the effective date of the merger not to exceed 115% of
that amount), with such increases as may from time to time be deemed appropriate
by the Chief Executive Officer of NOVA Information Systems, Inc, (3) a stock
option to purchase 125,000 shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock, (4) a bonus
based on the financial performance of NOVA's business, (5) certain fringe
benefits, (6) with respect to up to 75% of his options to acquire NOVA common
stock outstanding as of the effective date of the merger, the ability for
Mr. McMiller to elect to receive, in exchange for canceling his stock options, a
lump sum cash payment on the effective date of the merger equal to the
difference between the exercise price of his options and the $31.00 per share
cash merger consideration and (7) a payment equal to three times annual base
salary payable in two equal installments, the first on the effective date of the
merger and the second on the first anniversary of the effective date (subject to
partial reimbursement to U.S. Bancorp under certain circumstances).

    
If Ms. Joseph's, Mr. Scheppmann's, Ms. Fuzzell's or Mr. McMiller's
employment with U.S. Bancorp terminates under certain circumstances, as set
forth in his or her U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreement, he or she will receive
(1) a pro-rata bonus payment, based on the previous year's bonus amount, (2) a
payment equal to two times his or her base salary (or base salary in effect the
previous calendar year, if greater), (3) immediate vesting and exercisability,
upon notice of termination, of all amounts contributed to non-qualified deferred
compensation plans and all stock options, restricted stock and other similar
rights that have been granted to him or her as of the date of termination, with
one year from termination in which to exercise the "qualified options" (as
defined in the U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreements), (4) continuation of the
medical, dental, vision, prescription drug, wellness or other health care or
medical insurance, life insurance and disability insurance coverages provided to
him or her immediately prior to the termination and (5) a "gross-up payment" (as
defined in the U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreements) necessary to compensate him
or her for any excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.

    
The U.S. Bancorp Employment Agreements also contain confidentiality and
non-solicitation/ non-competition provisions as further consideration and as an
inducement to U.S. Bancorp for the new employment agreements discussed above.
In
general, these provisions contain certain restrictions on the listed officers
during and after their employment with U.S. Bancorp, including requirements that
the officers keep confidential the confidential information of NOVA and U.S.
Bancorp and that the officers not solicit U.S. Bancorp customers or employees.

The non-competition provisions prevent the officers from competing with the
merchant credit card processing business of U.S. Bancorp for a period of time
following termination of employment with U.S. Bancorp.


INDEMNIFICATION OF NOVA'S DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS BY U.S. BANCORP

    U.S. Bancorp has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless all present and
former NOVA directors and officers against costs and expenses incurred in
connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding arising out of
matters existing or occurring at or prior to the completion of the merger, to
the fullest extent permitted by law.
U.S. Bancorp has also agreed, for a period
of six years after the effective date, to provide insurance for NOVA's officers
and directors with respect to claims against those officers and directors
arising from facts or events that occurred on or before the completion of the
merger.
However, U.S. Bancorp is required to spend no more than 300% per annum
of the current amount spent by NOVA to maintain directors' and officers'
insurance coverage.


STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

    U.S. Bancorp has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to list, prior to
the completion of the merger, on the New York Stock Exchange, the shares of U.S.
Bancorp common stock to be issued in the merger other than any shares to be
issued out of U.S. Bancorp's treasury for which such listing is not required.


RESTRICTIONS ON RESALES BY AFFILIATES

    The issuance of shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock to NOVA shareholders in
the merger has been registered under the Securities Act.
The shares of U.S.
Bancorp common stock exchanged in the merger may be traded freely and without
restriction by those shareholders not deemed to be "affiliates" of NOVA (as that
term is defined under the Securities Act).
An "affiliate" of NOVA, as defined by
the rules promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, is a person who directly,
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or
is under common control with, NOVA.
Any subsequent transfer of the shares by any
person who is an affiliate of NOVA at the time the merger is submitted for a
vote of the holders of NOVA common stock will, under existing law, require
either:

    - the further registration under the Securities Act of the shares of U.S.
      Bancorp common stock to be transferred, or

    - compliance with Rule 145 under the Securities Act (permitting sales during
      a three-month period of the greater of (a) one percent of the total U.S.
      Bancorp shares outstanding and (b) the average weekly reported volume of
      trading in U.S. Bancorp securities during the four calendar weeks
      preceding the affiliate's filing of a Form 144 (if required), assuming
      U.S. Bancorp is current in filing required reports and the securities are
      being sold in brokers' transactions), or

    - the availability of another exemption from registration.

    
These restrictions are expected to apply to the directors and executive
officers of NOVA and the holders of 10% or more of the NOVA common stock (and to
specified relatives or the spouse of the person and any trusts, estates,
corporations or other entities in which the person has a 10% or greater
beneficial or equity interest).

    
Stop transfer instructions will be given by U.S. Bancorp to the transfer
agent with respect to the U.S. Bancorp common stock to be received by persons
subject to the restrictions described above, and the certificates for this stock
will be appropriately legended.
NOVA has agreed in the merger agreement to use
its reasonable best efforts to cause each director, executive officer and other
person who is an affiliate (for purposes of Rule 145 of the Securities Act) of
NOVA to deliver to U.S. Bancorp a written agreement intended to ensure
compliance with the Securities Act.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

    CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER

    
The respective obligation of each of U.S. Bancorp and NOVA to complete the
merger is subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by U.S. Bancorp and NOVA
prior to the effective time of each of the following conditions:

    - the merger must be approved by NOVA's shareholders;

    - all necessary governmental approvals must be obtained, including
      termination of applicable statutory waiting periods;

    - no judgment, order, injunction, statute or rule may be in effect that
      would prevent the merger;

    - the U.S. Bancorp common stock to be issued in the merger will have been
      registered under the Securities Act and approved for listing on the New
      York Stock Exchange;

    - all material permits and other authorizations under state securities laws
      necessary to complete the merger and to issue the shares of U.S. Bancorp
      common stock to be issued in the merger will have been received and be in
      full force and effect; and

    -
no proceeding by a governmental entity seeking to prevent the merger shall
      be pending.

    CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF NOVA

    The obligation of NOVA to complete the merger is also subject to the
fulfillment or written waiver by NOVA prior to the effective time of each of the
following conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of U.S. Bancorp in the merger agreement
      must continue to be true and correct in all material respects except for
      those representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date;

    - U.S. Bancorp must comply in all material respects with its obligations in
      the merger agreement;

    - NOVA must receive an opinion of its tax counsel to the effect the merger
      will qualify as a tax-free reorganization as described under "--Material
      Federal Income Tax Consequences"; and

    - no material adverse change in U.S. Bancorp's business must occur that
      would have a material adverse effect on U.S. Bancorp and its subsidiaries
      as a whole.

    CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF U.S. BANCORP

    The obligation of U.S. Bancorp to complete the merger is also subject to the
fulfillment or written waiver by U.S. Bancorp prior to the effective time of
each of the following conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of NOVA in the merger agreement must
      continue to be true and correct in all material respects except for those
      representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date;

    - NOVA must comply in all material respects with its obligations in the
      merger agreement;

    - U.S. Bancorp must receive an opinion of its tax counsel to the effect the
      merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization as described under
      "--Material Federal Income Tax Consequences";

    - no material adverse change in NOVA's business must occur that would have a
      material adverse effect on NOVA and its subsidiaries as a whole; and

    - shareholders who have indicated their intent to exercise dissenters'
      rights under Georgia law as of the date of NOVA's special meeting of
      shareholders must hold, in the aggregate, no more than 40% of NOVA's
      common stock.

    OBLIGATION OF NOVA AND U.S. BANCORP TO DELIVER TAX OPINION

    
The requirement that each of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp receive a legal opinion
that the merger will qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code will no longer apply if:

    - the value of U.S. Bancorp common stock decreases so that, based on the
      closing price on the last trading day prior to the date the merger would
      be completed, the value of U.S. Bancorp common stock to be issued to NOVA
      shareholders in the merger no longer equals or exceeds 50% of the total
      merger consideration to be issued to NOVA shareholders, and

    - U.S. Bancorp does not exercise its option either to increase the number of
      shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock to be issued in the merger on a
      proportionate basis, or to increase the number of shares of NOVA common
      stock to be converted into shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock (and
      decrease the number of shares of NOVA common stock to be converted into
      cash), in either case such that the value of U.S. Bancorp common stock to
      be issued to NOVA shareholders in the merger equals or exceeds 50% of the
      total merger consideration.


However, if the average of the daily closing prices of a share of U.S. Bancorp
common stock (as reported on the consolidated tape of the New York Stock
Exchange) during any period of 10 consecutive trading days after the date of the
merger agreement is less than $15.50, NOVA has a right to terminate the merger
agreement unless U.S. Bancorp agrees to adjust the exchange ratio in such a
manner as to provide the shareholders of NOVA with stock consideration per share
of NOVA common stock with a value greater than or equal to $21.80, which
represents total merger consideration--cash and stock--per share of NOVA common
stock with a value greater than or equal to approximately $25.485; in this
event, U.S. Bancorp may not eliminate the delivery of tax opinions as a
condition to completion of the merger.


REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER

    NOVA and U.S. Bancorp and their respective subsidiaries will use their
reasonable best efforts to do all things necessary or desirable to complete the
merger as soon as practicable.
In addition, they each will provide each other
with truthful information in various governmental filings and promptly will
correct any material omission with respect to such information.
Each party may
review and consult with the other party regarding all written information
submitted to any third party or governmental authority in connection with the
merger.
In addition, each party will consult with the other party with respect
to obtaining all material consents and approvals of third parties and
governmental authorities, and each party will keep the other party informed of
the status of material matters relating to completion of the merger.

    
The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, which prevents certain acquisitions from
being completed until required information and materials are furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission
and certain waiting periods expire.
We expect that the applicable waiting
periods will expire at 11:59 p.m. on July 11, 2001, unless extended by a second
request for information.

    
The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade
Commission may challenge the merger on antitrust grounds either before or after
expiration of the waiting period.
Private parties could take action under the
antitrust laws, including seeking divestiture, damages or enjoinment of the
merger.
Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of the merger,
notwithstanding expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period, any
state could take action under its antitrust laws as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest.
Although we do not believe that the merger
would violate any applicable antitrust laws, there can be no assurance that a
challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a challenge is made, we
will prevail.

    
Although U.S. Bancorp, as a financial holding company, is subject to
extensive regulation by banking regulatory authorities such as the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, U.S. Bancorp does not believe the merger requires the approval of any
banking regulatory authority.
If any such approvals are needed, NOVA and U.S.
Bancorp will seek to obtain them.
There is no assurance, however, that any of
these approvals or actions, if needed, will be obtained.

    
Neither of us is aware of any other material governmental or regulatory
approval required for completion of the merger.

    
STATUS OF REGULATORY APPROVALS AND OTHER INFORMATION

    NOVA and U.S. Bancorp have filed all applications and notices and have taken
(or will promptly take) other appropriate action to obtain all necessary
governmental approvals.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    U.S. Bancorp and NOVA each made a number of representations and warranties
in the merger agreement regarding their authority to enter into the merger
agreement and to consummate the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and with regard to aspects of their respective businesses, financial
condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the merger.
Once the merger
has been consummated, the representations and warranties do not have any legal
force or effect.
NOVA has given representations and warranties as to:

    - its corporate organization and existence and its articles of incorporation
      and bylaws;

    - its capitalization and corporate structure;

    - its subsidiaries and ownership of other securities;

    - its corporate power and authority;

    - the approvals, filings and consents required for the merger with antitrust
      and other regulatory authorities and the compliance of the merger
      agreement and the merger with (1) various agreements, and (2) its articles
      of incorporation and bylaws;

    - governmental and third-party approvals;

    - timely filing of required regulatory reports (including filings with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission since December 31, 1998) and their
      accuracy and completeness;

    - the absence of a material adverse change or effect with respect to its
      business since December 31, 2000;

    - the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    - the absence of material legal proceedings, orders and injunctions;

    - its compliance with all other laws and its own articles of incorporation
      and bylaws and the possession of all required permits;

    - its membership in and registration status with VISA, MasterCard and other
      credit card associations and its compliance with the bylaws, rules and
      regulations of such credit card associations;

    - the absence of undisclosed material contracts;

    - the absence of any knowledge of its or any other applicable party's
      default under any material contract;

    - the absence of any undisclosed broker's fees;

    - its compliance with labor laws and the lack of any knowledge of the
      resignation of key employees;

    - its employee benefit plans and related matters;

    - its labor matters;

    - the absence of liability of NOVA under environmental laws;

    - its intellectual property;

    - the filing, payment and accuracy of its tax returns and its belief as to
      the qualification of the merger within the meaning of Section 368 of the
      Internal Revenue Code;

    - the accuracy of its books and records;

    - its insurance policies and the effectiveness and absence of any default on
      its policies; and

    - the exemption of the merger agreement and the merger from any antitakeover
      laws and amendments to the Rights Agreement, dated as of July 9, 1999, as
      amended, by and between NOVA and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

    
U.S. Bancorp has given representations and warranties as to:

    - its corporate organization and existence;

    - its capitalization and corporate structure;

    - its corporate power and authority;

    - the approvals, filings and consents required for the merger with antitrust
      and other regulatory authorities and the compliance of the merger
      agreement and the merger with (1) material agreements, and (2) its
      certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

    - the timely filing of required regulatory reports (including filings with
      the Securities and Exchange Commission) and their accuracy and
      completeness;

    - the absence of a material adverse change or effect with respect to its
      business since December 31, 2000;

    - the filing, payment and accuracy of its tax returns and its belief as to
      the qualification of the merger within the meaning of Section 368 of the
      Code;

    - the completeness of its regulatory filings since December 31, 1998;

    - the absence of regulatory proceedings;

    - the absence of material legal proceedings, orders and injunctions; and

    - its compliance with all other laws and its own certificate of
      incorporation and bylaws and the possession of all required permits.

    
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized.
You are urged to carefully read the sections in the
merger agreement titled "Representations and Warranties of the Company" and
"Representations and Warranties of Acquirer."

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER AND OTHER MERGER AGREEMENTS

    Pursuant to the merger agreement, prior to the effective time, each of U.S.
Bancorp and NOVA has agreed not to:

    - take any action that it knows would materially adversely affect or delay
      its ability to perform any of its obligations under the merger agreement;

    - take any action that would be reasonably likely to prevent the merger from
      qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
      Code; or

    - knowingly take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely to
      result in:

    (1) any of its respective representations and warranties in the merger
       agreement becoming untrue in any material respect,

    (2) any of the conditions of the merger not being satisfied, or

    (3) a material violation of the merger agreement,

except, in each case, as required by law.

    
NOVA agreed that, until termination of the merger agreement or the
completion of the merger or unless U.S. Bancorp consents in writing, NOVA and
each of its subsidiaries will operate their business in the ordinary and usual
course, consistent with past practices.
NOVA has agreed, except as required by
applicable law and except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement not to:

    - except as previously disclosed to U.S. Bancorp, issue or agree to issue
      shares of its capital stock or subject shares of capital stock to new
      option grants or other rights;

    - take, declare, pay or set aside for payment any dividend or other
      distribution on its capital stock;

    - except as previously disclosed to U.S. Bancorp, enter into, renew or amend
      its employment agreements except in the ordinary course of business, as
      required by law, to satisfy previously disclosed contractual obligations
      or for grants of awards to newly hired employees consistent with past
      practice;

    - enter into, adopt or modify its employee benefit plans (except to satisfy
      previously disclosed contractual obligations or as required by law) or
      take any action to accelerate the vesting of any stock option or other
      benefits payable under its benefits plans;

    - dispose of or discontinue any of its assets, business or properties,
      except in the ordinary course of business;

    - acquire, or agree to acquire, the assets, business or properties, of any
      other entity except in the ordinary course of business and in a
      transaction that is not material to NOVA and its subsidiaries, taken as a
      whole;

    - except as previously disclosed to U.S. Bancorp, make any capital
      expenditures out of the ordinary course of business or over $100,000
      individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate;

    - amend its articles of incorporation or bylaws;

    - implement or adopt any change in its financial accounting policies,
      practices or methods, other than as may be required by accounting
      principles generally accepted in the United States;

    - enter into, terminate or renew or amend any material contract, except in
      the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

    - other than indebtedness incurred under NOVA's existing line of credit,
      incur any indebtedness for borrowed money in an aggregate amount exceeding
      $5,000,000 or voluntarily incur or become subject to any material
      liability, other than those within the ordinary course of business;

    - discharge any material lien or encumbrances on NOVA's or its subsidiaries'
      material properties or assets or pay or cancel any material debt, except
      in the ordinary course of business;

    - fail to maintain its current insurance policies or replace them without
      providing substantially equal coverage;

    - enter into any settlement in excess of $500,000 with respect to any
      proceeding to which NOVA or its subsidiaries became a party after the date
      of the merger agreement; or

    - agree or commit to do any of the above.

    
The agreements related to NOVA's business in the merger agreement are
complicated and not easily summarized.
You are urged to carefully read the
section in the merger agreement titled "Actions Pending Acquisition.
"

LIMITATION ON ACQUISITION PROPOSALS

    NOVA has agreed not to, and to cause its subsidiaries and its subsidiaries'
officers, directors, agents, advisors and affiliates not to, solicit or
encourage inquiries regarding, or provide confidential information for, or
engage in any negotiations concerning, any proposal for a takeover proposal, as
defined in the merger agreement, of NOVA by a party other than U.S. Bancorp.

However, if NOVA's board determines in good faith after considering advice of
outside counsel, that NOVA has received an unsolicited "superior proposal" (as
defined below), and that the failure to do so would likely result in a breach by
NOVA's board of its fiduciary duties to NOVA's shareholders, then NOVA may, in
response to an unsolicited request for information, furnish information to, and
enter into discussions with, the party making the superior proposal after
signing a customary confidentiality agreement.
After receiving a superior
proposal, NOVA's board may modify its approval or recommendation of the merger
agreement after considering advice of outside counsel, if it determines in good
faith that the failure to modify its approval or recommendation would likely be
in breach of its fiduciary duties to NOVA's shareholders.
Under the merger
agreement, a "superior proposal" is defined as a bona fide takeover proposal
that in the good faith judgment of a majority of the disinterested members of
NOVA's board (after considering the advice of NOVA's financial advisor that the
financial value of the consideration in the takeover proposal exceeds the
financial value of the consideration in the merger) is financially more
favorable to NOVA's shareholders than the merger and is made by a party
financially capable of completing the takeover proposal.
NOVA is required to
inform U.S. Bancorp of any written takeover proposal, its general terms and the
identity of the party making the proposal within 24 hours of receipt.
NOVA may
be required to pay U.S. Bancorp a termination fee and, if a takeover proposal is
consummated, NOVA may then also be required to transfer its interest in Elan
Merchant Services,
LLC to U.S. Bancorp upon the payment by U.S. Bancorp to NOVA
of $47,585,000.
See "--Termination of the Merger Agreement--Effect of
Termination and Abandonment," "--Termination Fee" and "--LLC Buyout Agreement."


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    TERMINATION

    The merger agreement may be terminated by mutual consent, or by either NOVA
or U.S. Bancorp under certain circumstances, at any time before completion of
the merger, as summarized below:

    - if the merger is not completed by December 31, 2001, unless the failure to
      complete the merger by that time is due to a violation of the merger
      agreement by the party that wants to terminate the merger agreement;

    - if a condition of a party's obligation to complete the merger becomes
      impossible to satisfy;

    - if a governmental agency denies an approval needed to complete the merger,
      and that denial has become final and nonappealable; or

    - if NOVA's shareholders do not approve the merger at the special meeting.

    
The merger agreement may be terminated by NOVA:

    - if U.S. Bancorp has breached any of its representations and warranties
      resulting in a material adverse effect on U.S. Bancorp or has failed to
      perform in any material respect any of its covenants and does not correct
      the breach within 45 days following receipt of notice of the breach;

    - if NOVA enters into an agreement regarding a takeover proposal that is a
      superior proposal from a financial standpoint and pays the required
      termination fee to U.S. Bancorp; or

    - if the average price of U.S. Bancorp common stock (as reported on the
      consolidated tape of the New York Stock Exchange) for any 10-trading day
      period after May 7, 2001 is less than $15.50, unless U.S. Bancorp elects
      to increase the exchange ratio to provide NOVA shareholders with a stock
      consideration per share of NOVA common stock with a value greater than or
      equal to $21.80.

    
The merger agreement may be terminated by U.S. Bancorp:

    - if NOVA has breached any of its representations and warranties resulting
      in a material adverse effect on NOVA or has failed to perform in any
      material respect any of its covenants and does not correct the breach
      within 45 days following receipt of notice of the breach;

    - if NOVA's board has withdrawn, modified or changed, in some way adverse to
      U.S. Bancorp, its recommendation to NOVA's shareholders to approve the
      merger; or

    - if NOVA's board recommends or approves a takeover proposal with another
      party or NOVA enters into an agreement regarding a takeover proposal with
      another party.

    
EFFECT OF TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT

    In general, termination of the merger agreement will relieve each party of
liability except for any termination fee payable to U.S. Bancorp, the possible
applicability of the LLC Buyout Agreement discussed below, and liability for a
breach of a confidentiality agreement entered into by the parties.
In addition,
termination of the merger agreement will not relieve a breaching party from
liability for any willful breach of the merger agreement giving rise to the
termination.

    
TERMINATION FEE

    
If the merger agreement is terminated and the merger abandoned under certain
circumstances, NOVA will pay to U.S. Bancorp $65,000,000 as a termination fee.

NOVA would only be required to pay this fee if the merger agreement is
terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events and conditions:

    - by NOVA or U.S. Bancorp because NOVA enters into any agreement regarding a
      takeover proposal with another party;

    - by U.S. Bancorp because NOVA's board fails to recommend the merger to its
      shareholders, or withdraws, modifies or changes such recommendation in a
      manner adverse to the interests of U.S. Bancorp, or recommends or approves
      another takeover proposal with another party, and NOVA subsequently enters
      into an agreement providing for a takeover proposal;

    - by U.S. Bancorp because NOVA has materially breached any of its
      representations and warranties or has failed to perform in any material
      respect any of its covenants, and the breach has not been cured within
      45 days following receipt of notice of the breach, and if a takeover
      proposal prior to the termination is publicly announced and NOVA completes
      a takeover proposal or enters into an agreement for a takeover proposal
      within 18 months after the date of such termination; or

    - by U.S. Bancorp or NOVA if NOVA's shareholders do not approve the merger,
      and if a takeover proposal prior to the termination is publicly announced
      and NOVA completes a takeover proposal or enters into an agreement for a
      takeover proposal within 18 months after the date of such termination.

    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, NOVA is not obligated to pay the termination
fee at any time that it is entitled under the terms of the merger agreement to
terminate the merger agreement because of a

breach by U.S. Bancorp of its representations and warranties or a failure by
U.S. Bancorp to perform its covenants as described in "Termination of the Merger
Agreement--Termination."

    NOVA will pay the termination fee promptly to U.S. Bancorp upon termination
of the merger agreement for the reasons and under the circumstances discussed
above.
The payment will relieve NOVA of liability for any breach (other than
willful breaches) of any of NOVA's representations, warranties, covenants or
other agreements contained in the merger agreement.


EXTENSION, WAIVER AND AMENDMENT OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The merger agreement may be amended by U.S. Bancorp and NOVA at any time
before or after the special meeting, except that any amendment made after the
special meeting that would otherwise require approval of NOVA's or U.S.
Bancorp's shareholders under applicable law must be submitted to the
shareholders of NOVA or U.S. Bancorp, as appropriate.
Moreover, NOVA and U.S.
Bancorp may not amend the merger agreement after NOVA's shareholders approve the
merger if the amendment (1) reduces or changes the consideration that will be
received by NOVA shareholders or (2) violates the Georgia Business Corporation
Code.
All amendments to the merger agreement must be in writing signed by both
NOVA and U.S. Bancorp.

    
At any time prior to the completion of the merger, U.S. Bancorp and NOVA
may:

    - extend the time to perform any of the obligations or other acts of the
      other party,

    - waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in
      the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger
      agreement, and

    - waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the
      merger agreement.

    
All extensions and waivers must be in writing.


EXPENSES

    The merger agreement provides that U.S. Bancorp and NOVA will pay their own
expenses in connection with the merger.


LLC BUYOUT AGREEMENT

    Prior to the February 2001 merger of the former U.S. Bancorp with Firstar
Corporation, one of Firstar's banking subsidiaries entered into a joint venture
arrangement with NOVA Information Systems, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
NOVA.
Under the joint venture arrangement, Firstar and NOVA, through their
subsidiaries, established a limited liability company, Elan Merchant Services,
LLC.
Firstar and NOVA agreed to establish and operate a merchant transaction
processing business through Elan for an initial 10-year period beginning on
August 31, 1998, subject to one-year automatic renewals after the expiration of
the initial term.
NOVA owns a 51% membership interest in Elan, and Firstar owns
a 49% membership interest in Elan.
Under the Elan operating agreement, profits
and losses of Elan generally are allocated according to NOVA's and Firstar's
respective membership interests.
In connection with the Elan joint venture,
Firstar agreed that, during the term of the joint venture, Firstar would rely
solely on Elan for the operation of a merchant transaction processing business
in the United States.

    
As a condition to the execution of the merger agreement, NOVA and U.S.
Bancorp entered into an LLC Buyout Agreement providing that, upon the occurrence
of designated events, NOVA's interest in Elan would transfer to U.S. Bancorp in
exchange for payment by U.S. Bancorp to NOVA of $47,585,000.
Specifically, these
designated triggering events are (1) the termination of the merger agreement by
NOVA in connection with NOVA entering into a definitive agreement providing for
a takeover proposal, (2) the termination of the merger agreement by U.S. Bancorp
because (a) NOVA's

board of directors has failed to make, or has withdrawn or modified, its
recommendation to the NOVA shareholders to vote in favor of the merger,
(b) NOVA has entered into an agreement for a takeover proposal or (c) the NOVA
board of directors has resolved to take the actions specified in clauses
(a) and (b), (3) the termination of the merger agreement by either U.S. Bancorp
or NOVA because of a material breach by the other party of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements in the merger agreement or (4) the
termination of the merger agreement by either U.S. Bancorp or NOVA because of
the failure of NOVA's shareholders to approve the merger.
However, the events
specified in items (3) and (4) are only considered triggering events if, prior
to the termination of the merger agreement, a takeover proposal for NOVA is
publicly announced.
In addition, in the case of any of the four triggering
events, the event will only be considered a triggering event if a takeover
proposal is consummated by NOVA within 18 months following the termination of
the merger agreement.

    
If one of the triggering events occurs, U.S. Bancorp will have 10 business
days from the date of the consummation of the takeover proposal following the
triggering event to make the required payment to NOVA.
Upon receipt of payment,
(1) all of NOVA's right, title and interest in Elan will transfer to U.S.
Bancorp, (2) NOVA will release U.S. Bancorp, Elan and certain related parties,
and U.S. Bancorp and Elan will release NOVA and certain related parties, from
all claims, demands and damages in connection with the joint venture arrangement
that arose prior to the transfer of the interest to U.S. Bancorp, subject to
some limited exceptions, and (3) all rights and obligations of NOVA and U.S.
Bancorp under the joint venture will cease, subject to some limited exceptions.

However, NOVA will continue to process transactions under existing contracts
with designated merchants until the expiration of NOVA's existing processing
contract with Elan or until an earlier date specified by U.S. Bancorp.

    
In addition, NOVA has agreed to use reasonable efforts to prevent its direct
sales force from soliciting "restricted merchants" for provision to them by NOVA
of products and services supplied by Elan for a two-year period after the date
on which U.S. Bancorp purchases NOVA's interest in Elan.
"Restricted merchants"
are all merchants that have been provided with products and services by Elan at
any time during the period from the date of the LLC Buyout Agreement until the
termination of processing services provided by NOVA to Elan.

                   
PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDENDS

U.S. BANCORP

    U.S. Bancorp common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and
traded under the symbol "USB."
The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the high and low reported closing sale prices per share of U.S.
Bancorp common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions
reporting system and cash dividends declared per share of U.S. Bancorp common
stock.

                                                                
PRICE RANGE OF
                                                                 COMMON STOCK
                                                              -------------------   DIVIDENDS
                                                                HIGH       LOW      DECLARED
                                                              --------   --------   ---------

First Quarter...............................................   31.85      27.42       .1000

Second Quarter..............................................   34.56      26.25       .1000
Third Quarter...............................................   29.44      22.31       .1000
Fourth Quarter..............................................   29.38      20.25       .1625


First Quarter...............................................   
24.63      17.00       .1625
Second Quarter..............................................   27.75      21.06       .1625
Third Quarter...............................................   25.00      19.75       .1625
Fourth Quarter..............................................   
24.25      15.63       .1625


First Quarter...............................................   25.63      19.25       .1875
Second Quarter (through June 19, 2001)......................   
23.49      20.86       .1875

    
On May 4, 2001, the last trading day before U.S. Bancorp and NOVA publicly
announced the execution of the merger agreement, the closing price per share of
U.S. Bancorp common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was $22.68.
On
June 19, 2001, the last practicable date prior to the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, the closing price was $22.30.
Past price performance is
not necessarily indicative of likely future price performance.
You are urged to
obtain current market quotations for shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock.

    
Holders of U.S. Bancorp common stock are entitled to receive dividends from
funds legally available when, as and if declared by the U.S. Bancorp's board of
directors.
Although U.S. Bancorp's board presently intends to continue the
policy of paying quarterly cash dividends, the payment of future dividends of
U.S. Bancorp would depend upon the earnings of U.S. Bancorp and its
subsidiaries, their financial condition and other factors, including applicable
governmental regulations and policies.


NOVA CORPORATION

    NOVA common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since
May 8, 1996, under the symbol "NIS."
Prior to that date, there was no public
market for the NOVA stock.
The following

table sets forth the high and low closing sales prices for NOVA common stock for
the periods indicated, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange.

                                                                
PRICE RANGE OF
                                                                 COMMON STOCK
                                                              -------------------
                                                                HIGH       LOW
                                                              --------   --------

First Quarter...............................................   $33.50     $21.00
Second Quarter..............................................    28.50      20.00
Third Quarter...............................................    28.25      24.31
Fourth Quarter..............................................    31.81      22.81

First Quarter...............................................   $35.19     $21.50
Second Quarter..............................................    34.00      25.50
Third Quarter...............................................    
30.00      10.50
Fourth Quarter..............................................    
21.69      14.13

First Quarter...............................................    21.31      16.56
Second Quarter (through June 19, 2001)......................    31.30      17.66

    On May 4, 2001, the last trading day before U.S. Bancorp and NOVA publicly
announced the execution of the merger agreement, the closing price per share of
the NOVA stock on the New York Stock Exchange was $23.52.
On June 19, 2001, the
last trading day prior to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the
closing price was $30.70.

                         INFORMATION ABOUT U.S. BANCORP

GENERAL

    U.S. Bancorp is the organization that resulted from the acquisition by
Firstar Corporation of the former U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis.
The new company
retained the U.S. Bancorp name.
U.S. Bancorp is a multi-state financial holding
company headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
U.S. Bancorp is incorporated in
Delaware and provides financial services as both a financial holding company and
a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act.
U.S.
Bancorp provides a full range of financial services, including lending and
depository services, through more than 2,200 banking offices principally in 24
states.
U.S. Bancorp also engages in credit card, merchant and automated teller
machine (or "ATM") processing, mortgage banking, insurance, trust and investment
management, brokerage, leasing and investment banking activities, principally in
domestic markets.
Reflecting the merger of Firstar Corporation and the former
U.S. Bancorp, at March 31, 2001, U.S. Bancorp and its subsidiaries had
consolidated assets of $160.3 billion, consolidated deposits of $104.8 billion
and total shareholders' equity of $15.2 billion.

    
U.S. Bancorp's banking subsidiaries provide an array of banking services to
both domestic and foreign customers and correspondent banks.
These banking
subsidiaries range in size from less than $1.0 million to $51.2 billion in
deposits.
The consumer banking business delivers products and services to the
broad consumer market and small businesses through banking offices,
telemarketing, on-line services, direct mail and ATMs.
This business encompasses
community banking, metropolitan banking, small business banking, consumer
lending, mortgage banking and investment sales through U.S. Bancorp's banking
branches.
U.S. Bancorp's network of 5,200 branded ATM machines offers customers
an additional banking convenience.
The payment services division provides
customers with consumer and business credit cards, corporate and purchasing
services, lines of credit, ATM processing and merchant processing.
Through this
division, U.S. Bancorp is the largest provider of VISA corporate and purchasing
cards.
Wholesale banking divisions offer lending, depository, treasury
management and other financial services to middle market, large corporate and
public sector clients, including

institutional organizations, government entities and other financial
institutions.
Depository services include checking accounts, savings accounts
and time certificates of deposits.
Ancillary services, such as treasury
management, include receivable lockbox collection, investment and foreign
exchange services.
Additionally, U.S. Bancorp's bank and trust subsidiaries
provide a full range of fiduciary services for individuals, estates,
foundations, business corporations and charitable organizations.
U.S. Bancorp is
one of the largest providers of corporate trust services in the nation.

    
U.S. Bancorp's non-banking subsidiaries offer customers a variety of
products and services.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, a wholly owned subsidiary of
U.S. Bancorp, engages in equity and fixed income trading activities, offers
investment banking and underwriting services to corporate and public sector
customers and provides financial advisory services and securities, mutual funds,
annuities and insurance products to consumers and regionally based businesses
through a network of more than 100 offices.

    
U.S. Bancorp's principal executive offices are located at U.S. Bank Place,
601 Second Avenue South, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402-4302, and its telephone
number is (612) 973-1111.


GOVERNMENT POLICIES

    The operations of U.S. Bancorp's various operating units are affected by
state and federal legislative changes and by policies of various regulatory
authorities, including those of the several states in which they operate, the
United States and foreign governments.
These policies include, for example,
statutory maximum legal lending rates, domestic monetary policies of the Federal
Reserve Board, United States fiscal policy, international currency regulations
and monetary policies, and capital adequacy and liquidity constraints imposed by
bank regulatory agencies.


SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

    U.S. Bancorp is a registered bank holding company and financial holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act, or "BHCA," and is subject to the
supervision of, and regulation by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, or "FRB."

    
Under the BHCA, a bank holding company may engage in banking, managing or
controlling banks, furnishing or performing services for banks it controls, and
conducting activities that the FRB has determined to be closely related to
banking.
U.S. Bancorp must obtain the prior approval of the FRB before acquiring
more than five percent of the outstanding shares of another bank or bank holding
company, and must provide notice to, and in some situations obtain the prior
approval of, the FRB in connection with the acquisition of more than five
percent of the outstanding shares of a company engaged in a "bank-related"
business.

    
Under the BHCA, as amended by the Riegle-Neal Act, U.S. Bancorp may acquire
banks throughout the United States, subject only to state or federal deposit
caps and state minimum-age requirements.
Effective June 1, 1997, the Riegle-Neal
Act authorized interstate branching by acquisition and consolidation in those
states that had not opted out by that date.

    
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 eliminated many of the restrictions
placed on the activities of certain qualified bank holding companies.
Effective
March 13, 2000, U.S. Bancorp was certified by the FRB as a "financial holding
company" and may expand into a wide variety of financial services, including
securities activities, insurance and merchant banking, without the prior
approval of the FRB.

    
National banks are subject to the supervision of, and are examined by, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
All subsidiary banks of U.S. Bancorp
are members of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and are subject to
examination by the FDIC.
In practice, the primary federal regulator makes
regular examinations of each subsidiary bank subject to its regulatory review or
participates in joint examinations with other federal regulators.
Areas subject
to regulation by federal authorities include the allowance for credit losses,
investments, loans, mergers, issuance of securities, payment of dividends,
establishment of branches and other aspects of operations.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

    You may obtain financial and other information relating to U.S. Bancorp and
its directors and executive officers from its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended March 31, 2001, and its restated 2000 financial statements
reflecting the merger of U.S. Bancorp and Firstar Corporation filed on
April 17, 2001, as a Current Report on Form 8-K.
You may obtain a copy of these
reports as indicated under "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.
"

                       INFORMATION ABOUT NOVA CORPORATION

GENERAL

    NOVA Information Systems, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary and the
predecessor to NOVA Corporation, was incorporated in Georgia in February 1991.

NOVA was incorporated as a holding company in Georgia in December 1995 and has
been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NIS" since
May 1996.
The company is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with operations
centers in Atlanta, Georgia and Knoxville, Tennessee.

    
NOVA provides transaction processing support for all major credit, charge,
and debit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Diners
Club, JCB and private label cards.
NOVA's proprietary information processing
network provides a direct, rapid and secure means of processing financial data.

In addition, NOVA has developed several value-added software applications for
both point-of-sale terminals and personal computers that can be delivered to
merchants and updated for enhancements via NOVA's proprietary telecommunications
network.
With annual revenue in 2000 in excess of $1.57 billion, NOVA is the
third largest transaction processor in the United States (as measured by dollar
volume processed in 1999), serving more than 560,000 merchant locations.
NOVA
focuses primarily on small- to medium-sized merchants that are not usually
served by the larger transaction processors, and NOVA has developed
technical/operating platforms, product/service offerings and multi-faceted
distribution channels specifically designed to facilitate the acquisition,
servicing and retention of small- to medium-sized business customers.
NOVA's
customer base consists of more than 430,000 merchants and 560,000 locations
across all 50 states.

    
Effective April 1, 2000, NOVA entered into a joint venture, EuroConex
Technologies Limited, with The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

EuroConex was formed for the purpose of providing transaction processing for
credit and debit cards and related e-commerce processing and services primarily
to retailers and financial institutions in a defined European market.
The
EuroConex platform, which is based upon NOVA's network and technology platform,
is intended to be credit, debit and smart card compliant, multi-currency, and
capable of acquiring card transactions in the United Kingdom as well as Ireland.

NOVA anticipates that the EuroConex platform will be launched during the summer
of 2001 and that by the end of 2001, the platform will be Euro compliant and
able to support multi-currency conversion at the point-of-sale.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

    You may obtain financial and other information relating to NOVA and its
directors and executive officers from its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2001, and its annual report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000.
You may obtain a copy of these reports as indicated
under "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.
"

                           U.S. BANCORP CAPITAL STOCK

    As a result of the conversion of shares of NOVA common stock into shares of
U.S. Bancorp common stock in the merger, NOVA shareholders will become holders
of stock of U.S. Bancorp, and their rights will be governed by Delaware law and
by U.S. Bancorp's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
This description of
U.S. Bancorp's capital stock, including its common stock to be issued in the
merger, reflects the anticipated state of affairs at the effective time of the
merger.
The following description summarizes the terms of U.S. Bancorp's capital
stock but does not purport to be complete,

and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of
federal law governing bank holding companies, Delaware law and U.S. Bancorp's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws.


COMMON STOCK OF U.S. BANCORP

    U.S. Bancorp is authorized to issue up to 4 billion shares of common stock,
par value $.01 per share.
As of April 30, 2001, there were 1,908,494,035 shares
of U.S. Bancorp common stock issued (including 2,882,560 shares held in
treasury).
The U.S. Bancorp common stock is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol "USB."

    VOTING AND OTHER RIGHTS.  
Each share of U.S. Bancorp common stock is
entitled to one vote per share, and, in general, a majority of votes cast with
respect to a matter will be sufficient to authorize action upon routine matters.

Directors are to be elected by a majority of the votes cast, and shareholders do
not have the right to cumulate their votes in the election of directors.
For
that reason, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock of U.S. Bancorp
entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors
standing for election.
In general, however:

    - amendments to the certificate of incorporation will be approved if the
      votes cast within a voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast
      within the voting group opposing the action; and

    - a merger or dissolution of U.S. Bancorp, or the sale of all or
      substantially all of its assets, must be approved by the affirmative vote
      of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding voting
      shares and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
      outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote on the matter as a
      class.

    
NO PREEMPTIVE OR CONVERSION RIGHTS.  
U.S. Bancorp common stock will not
entitle its holders to any preemptive rights, redemption privileges, sinking
fund privileges or conversion rights.

    
ASSETS UPON DISSOLUTION.  
In the event of liquidation, holders of U.S.
Bancorp common stock would be entitled to receive proportionately any assets
legally available for distribution to U.S. Bancorp shareholders with respect to
shares held by them, subject to any prior rights of any preferred stock of U.S.
Bancorp then outstanding.

    DISTRIBUTIONS.  
Holders of U.S. Bancorp common stock will be entitled to
receive the dividends or distributions that U.S. Bancorp's board of directors
may declare out of funds legally available for these payments.
The payment of
distributions by U.S. Bancorp is subject to the restrictions of Delaware law
applicable to the declaration of distributions by a corporation.
Under Delaware
law, a corporation may not pay a dividend out of net profits if the capital
stock of the corporation is less than the stated amount of capital represented
by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the
distribution of the corporation's assets.
In addition, the payment of
distributions to shareholders is subject to any prior rights of outstanding
preferred stock.

    
As a bank holding company, the ability of U.S. Bancorp to pay distributions
will be affected by the ability of its banking subsidiaries to pay dividends.

The ability of these banking subsidiaries, as well as of U.S. Bancorp, to pay
dividends in the future currently is, and could be further, influenced by bank
regulatory requirements and capital guidelines.

    RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP.  
The Bank Holding Company Act generally would
prohibit any company that is not engaged in banking activities and activities
that are permissible for a bank holding company or a financial holding company
from acquiring control of U.S. Bancorp.
Control is generally defined as
ownership of 25% or more of the voting stock or other exercise of a controlling
influence.
In addition, any existing bank holding company would require the
prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before acquiring 5% or more of the
voting stock of U.S. Bancorp.
In addition, the Change in Bank Control Act of
1978, as amended, prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring
"control" of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been
notified and has not objected to the transaction.
Under a rebuttable presumption
established by the Federal Reserve Board, the acquisition of 10% or more of a
class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a

class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, such as
U.S. Bancorp, would, under the circumstances set forth in the presumption,
constitute acquisition of control of the bank holding company.

    
U.S. BANCORP DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND COMMON STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.  
Pursuant
to its U.S. Bancorp Dividend Reinvestment and Purchase Plan, or "DRIP," U.S.
Bancorp provides eligible shareholders with a method of investing cash dividends
and optional cash payments at 100% of the average price (as defined in the DRIP)
in additional shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock.
Participants in the DRIP will
pay a brokerage commission or service charge, which currently is $.03 per share.

The DRIP includes some dollar limitations on participation.
Shareholders who are
eligible to elect dividend reinvestment may choose to participate in the DRIP
with respect to some of their shares and not to participate with respect to
others.
If shareholders choose not to participate in the DRIP with respect to
some or all of their shares, any dividends payable on those shares will be paid
in cash and will not be reinvested in U.S. Bancorp common stock.


PREFERRED STOCK OF U.S. BANCORP

    U.S. Bancorp is authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $1.00 per share.
The board of directors is authorized to issue
preferred stock in one or more series, to fix the number of shares in each
series, and to determine the designations and preferences, limitations and
relative rights of each series, including dividend rates, terms of redemption,
liquidation preferences, sinking fund requirements, conversion rights, voting
rights, and whether the preferred stock can be issued as a share dividend with
respect to another class or series of shares, all without any vote or other
action on the part of shareholders.
This power is limited by applicable laws or
regulations and may be delegated to a committee of U.S. Bancorp's board of
directors.

    
U.S. Bancorp currently has one series of preferred stock authorized and
outstanding.
As of April 30, 2001, it had 55,796 shares of its Term
Participating Preferred Stock outstanding and an additional 790 shares
authorized and reserved for issuance.


SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

    U.S. Bancorp has a shareholder rights plan that, under certain
circumstances, allows holders of U.S. Bancorp common stock to purchase shares in
either U.S. Bancorp or an acquiror at a discount to market value in response to
specified takeover events that are not approved by U.S. Bancorp's board of
directors.
For a more detailed description of the shareholder rights plan, see
"COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS--Shareholder Rights Plan.
"

                        COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

    
The rights of NOVA shareholders are presently governed by the Georgia
Business Corporation Code, or "GBCC," NOVA's articles of incorporation and
NOVA's bylaws.
Upon completion of the merger, the rights of NOVA shareholders
who become shareholders of U.S. Bancorp in the merger will be governed by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, or "DGCL," U.S. Bancorp's certificate of
incorporation and U.S. Bancorp's bylaws.
The following is a summary of the
principal differences between the current rights of NOVA shareholders and those
of U.S. Bancorp shareholders following the merger.
We do not intend the
following to be a complete discussion of the differences in the rights of NOVA
and U.S. Bancorp shareholders.
This discussion is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the DGCL, the GBCC, U.S. Bancorp's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, and NOVA's articles of incorporation and bylaws.
U.S. Bancorp's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and NOVA's articles of incorporation and
bylaws are presently available from U.S. Bancorp and NOVA, respectively, as well
as from the Securities and Exchange Commission, and will be sent to shareholders
of NOVA upon request.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    NOVA.  
Under the GBCC, a corporation may provide in its articles of
incorporation for a board of directors divided into two or three classes, with
the size of the classes as even as possible.
Shareholders of Georgia
corporations elect directors by a plurality of the votes cast unless the
articles of incorporation provide otherwise.

    
NOVA's articles of incorporation provide that the board of directors will
consist of not less than seven persons, with all directors to be elected by the
holders of shares of the NOVA stock at the annual meeting of shareholders.

NOVA's articles of incorporation provide that holders of NOVA stock may cumulate
their votes.
Accordingly, it is possible for the holders of less than a majority
of the shares of NOVA stock to elect one or more of the NOVA directors.
NOVA's
articles of incorporation provide that no bylaw, resolution, written consent or
amendment to NOVA's articles of incorporation purporting to create a classified
or staggered board of directors or requiring prior notice or qualification of
members for directorship will be effective.

    
NOVA's directors may be removed with or without cause at any annual or
special meeting of the shareholders.
Under the GBCC, if cumulative voting is
authorized, a director may not be removed if the number of votes sufficient to
elect him under cumulative voting is voted against his removal; if cumulative
voting is not authorized, a director may be removed only by a majority of the
votes entitled to be cast.
Accordingly, under NOVA's articles of incorporation,
a director may not be removed if the number of votes sufficient to elect him is
voted against his removal.

    
U.S. BANCORP.  
The DGCL permits a classified board of directors, divided
into as many as three classes.
However, the DGCL does not require that the
classes be as even in size as possible.

    
Under U.S. Bancorp's bylaws, U.S. Bancorp's board of directors has the
authority to determine the number of directors from time to time (with the
caveat that, under U.S. Bancorp's certificate of incorporation, the number of
directors may not be less than 12 nor more than 30).
The directors of U.S.
Bancorp are divided into three classes (Class I, Class II and Class III), with
each class having the same number of directors as nearly as is possible.
The
term of office of the Class I directors will expire at U.S. Bancorp's annual
meeting in 2002, the term of office of the Class II directors will expire at
U.S. Bancorp's annual meeting in 2003, and the term of office of the Class III
directors will expire at U.S. Bancorp's annual meeting in 2004.
At each annual
election of directors, the directors chosen to succeed those whose terms have
then expired are identified as being of the same class as the directors they
succeed and are elected for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual
election of directors.
Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from
an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the
directors then in office, and the directors so chosen will hold office until the
next election of the class for which the directors were chosen and until their
successors are elected and qualified.

    