URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/107263/000095012301502406/0000950123-01-502406.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER.

      
As a part of ongoing business development activities, for several months
prior to mid-March 2001, a strategic team within Williams evaluated several
natural gas exploration and production companies as possible acquisition
candidates to complement Williams' other business activities.
Barrett Resources
was one of the potential acquisition candidates identified in that process.

      
On March 7, 2001, Shell Oil Company ("Shell") issued a press release
announcing an unsolicited proposal to acquire Barrett Resources for $55 per
Share in cash.
On March 8, 2001, Barrett Resources issued a press release
announcing that its Board of Directors had reviewed and rejected Shell's
unsolicited proposal and that the Board had authorized management of Barrett
Resources to pursue strategic alternatives, including seeking acquisition
proposals from qualified parties.

      
On March 8, 2001, following Shell's announcement of its unsolicited
proposal to acquire Barrett Resources, representatives of Williams contacted a
senior officer of Barrett Resources to indicate Williams' interest in acquiring
Barrett Resources.
Thereafter, Barrett Resources' financial advisors, Goldman
Sachs

and Petrie Parkman, contacted representatives of Williams in regards to
Williams' participation in Barrett Resources' process.

      
On March 9, 2001, Williams entered into a Confidentiality Agreement with
Barrett Resources (the "Confidentiality Agreement") which provided, among other
things, that Williams would keep confidential information it received from
Barrett Resources and would abide by certain "standstill" restrictions until May
11, 2001.

      
On March 12, 2001, Shell and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shell commenced
a cash tender offer for all outstanding Shares at $55 per Share (the "Shell
Offer").
Also on March 12, 2001, Shell filed with the SEC preliminary consent
solicitation materials, pursuant to which Shell stated it would seek to remove
all of Barrett Resources' directors without cause and replace them with three
nominees selected by Shell (the "Shell Consent Solicitation").
A record date of
April 19, 2001 was eventually set by Barrett Resources' Board for the proposed
Shell Consent Solicitation.

      
On March 22, 2001, Barrett Resources' Board held a special meeting at
which the Board reviewed the Shell Offer and unanimously concluded that the
Shell Offer was inadequate and not in the best interests of Barrett Resources'
stockholders.

      
Commencing in mid-March 2001 and continuing through May 6, 2001, Williams
and its representatives conducted a due diligence review of the business and
financial condition of Barrett Resources.
During such period, representatives of
Williams held several discussions with representatives of Barrett Resources
about Williams' interest in Barrett Resources and Barrett Resources' strategic
fit with Williams, including, among others, a few conversations held prior to
the May 2, 2001 bid deadline between Mr. Keith Bailey, Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Williams, and C. Robert Buford, a director of Barrett
Resources and an acquaintance of Mr. Bailey.

      
On or about April 11, 2001, Barrett Resources sent to each party
(including Williams) who signed a confidentiality agreement and visited the data
room (i) a detailed instruction letter for submitting binding proposals to
acquire or merge with Barrett Resources and (ii) two forms of merger agreement
(one for cash proposals and one for stock proposals).
The letter indicated that
each party's proposal was due on May 2, 2001 along with any comments and
revisions that each party required to the relevant form(s) of merger agreement.

      
On April 26, 2001, Shell announced that it was increasing the price
offered in the Shell Offer from $55 to $60 per Share (the "Revised Shell
Offer").
On April 30, 2001, Barrett Resources announced that it had rejected the
Revised Shell Offer as inadequate and reiterated that Barrett Resources had
invited competing offers as part of a process to review its strategic
alternatives.
In response to Shell's request that Barrett Resources consider
Shell's Revised Offer on an equal basis with any other offers, Barrett Resources
invited Shell to participate in the auction process and submit its "best and
final" offer by 12:00 noon, on Wednesday, May 2, 2001, the deadline which
Barrett Resources had established for other interested parties participating in
the "auction process".
Barrett Resources also furnished Shell's financial
advisors with the forms of merger agreements it had furnished to other potential
bidders, and advised Shell of the "ground rules" which were also applicable to
other potential bidders.

      
On May 1, 2001, the Williams Board of Directors, together with Williams'
financial advisors, held a telephonic meeting for the purpose of considering the
authorization of an acquisition proposal for Barrett Resources.
At the beginning
of the telephonic meeting, outside individuals were mistakenly connected by a
conference call vendor.
Before this error was discovered, officers of Williams
stated that the Board meeting had been called to consider Williams' potential
proposal to acquire Barrett Resources.
As a result of this non-intentional,
inadvertent disclosure, Williams filed a Form 8-K disclosing this event on May
1, 2001.

      
Following approval by the Williams Board of Directors to submit a proposal
to acquire Barrett Resources in accordance with the bid procedures established
by Barrett Resources, Williams sent a proposal letter to Barrett Resources'
financial advisors on May 2, 2001, the form of which is set forth below:

                                                                     May 2, 2001

VIA OVERNIGHT MAIL and FACSIMILE

Ray Strong                                                     Jon Hughes
Vice President                                                 Principal
Goldman, Sachs & Co.                                           
Petrie Parkman & Co.
85 Broad Street, 19th Floor                                    600 Travis St., Suite 7400
New York, NY 10004                                             Houston, TX 77002
Fax: 212-346-3895                                              Fax: 713-650-8461

      Re: Proposal to Acquire all of the outstanding equity securities of
          Barrett Resources Corporation ("Company")


Dear Messrs. Strong and Hughes:

      
In response to your invitation to bid dated April 11, 2001, The Williams
Companies, Inc. ("Williams") hereby submits this bid proposal to acquire 100% of
the outstanding common stock of Barrett Resources Corporation ("Shares") on the
terms set forth in this letter.
Except as set forth in that certain
confidentiality agreement dated March 9, 2001 between Williams and Barrett
Resources, neither Williams nor any of its affiliates have any obligation to
Barrett Resources based on this letter or otherwise unless and until each of the
conditions set forth below has been satisfied.

      
The material terms and conditions of Williams' proposal are as follows:

             1.  SHARE PRICE.  
Williams will pay a price per Share equivalent to
      $71.00 for each outstanding Share.

             
2.  STRUCTURE.  
The consideration for the Shares will be composed
      of 50% Williams common stock and 50% cash.
If desired by Barrett's Board
      of Directors, Williams will increase the common stock component of its
      offer up to 100% of the consideration.
The exchange ratio will be fixed at
      the time of the execution of the definitive agreements and be determined
      by the market price of Williams common stock, such market price to be the
      average closing price of Williams stock on the New York Stock Exchange
      ("NYSE") for 10 consecutive days preceding the execution of the definitive
      agreements.
Williams believes that an exchange of stock not only provides
      the potential for significant value appreciation but also an attractive
      tax deferral to Barrett stockholders.
In the event that Barrett Resources
      desires a combination of cash and Williams common stock, we would propose
      to structure the transaction as a cash tender offer followed by a stock
      for stock merger.
The transaction is intended to qualify as a tax-free
      reorganization.

             
3.  SOURCE OF FUNDS.  
Williams has committed lines of capital
      and/or cash on hand in amount sufficient to pay any cash portion of the
      consideration at the closing.

             
4.  
COMPANY EMPLOYEES.  
Williams admires Barrett and realizes that
      Barrett Resources' success is a direct result of its dedicated, highly
      competent employees.
Williams plans on retaining a substantial majority of
      Barrett's employees and maintaining Barrett's offices in Denver.
We also
      expect that Williams' northern Rocky Mountain assets, including interests
      in the prolific Jonah Field, will be integrated with Barrett's assets and
      operated out of Denver.
Since there is very little

      overlap between Barrett's and Williams' core properties, most of Barrett's
      employees can expect to continue in the same capacity in which they
      currently act, with expanded opportunities for future advancement.

             
5.  CONDITIONS.  
Williams' proposal contained herein is subject to
      the following conditions:

                  a.  DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.  
Williams and Barrett Resources
           shall have entered into a mutually acceptable definitive merger
           agreement containing the terms set forth in this letter and in the
           attached form of merger agreement, as revised.

                  
b.  APPROVALS.  
The proposal provided herein has been approved
           by the Williams Board of Directors.
The following additional
           approvals shall have been obtained: (i) the approval of the board of
           directors of Barrett Resources, (ii) the applicable waiting period
           under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have expired or been
           terminated, (iii) the Williams common stock to be issued in
           connection with this proposal shall have been registered by the SEC
           and approved for listing on the NYSE, and (iv) the stockholders of
           Barrett Resources shall have tendered at least 50% of the Shares.

             
6.  CONFIDENTIALITY.  
This Proposal and the price, terms and
      conditions herein are subject to Barrett Resources' agreement that the
      proposal and the price, terms and conditions herein will not be made
      public or otherwise disclosed without the prior consent of Williams.

             
7.  
NO SOLICITATION; TERMINATION FEE.  
Barrett Resources will agree
      to customary non-solicitation of acquisition proposals, including notice
      provisions of third party offers and proposed termination of the merger
      agreement.
The merger agreement will provide for a termination fee equal
      to three percent of the value of 100% of the Shares, payable to Williams
      if, among other things, Barrett Resources accepts a "superior" proposal,
      Barrett Resources' board withdraws its recommendation, there is a change
      in the majority of Barrett Resources' board or the minimum tender
      condition is not met and a competing acquisition proposal has been made.

             8.  
MANAGEMENT PRESENTATION.  
Williams would be pleased to meet as
      soon as practical with the Barrett Board of Directors to describe
      Williams' plans and expectations for the future, the compelling value
      inherent in our common stock, and the reasons we expect our stock to
      continue to perform well relative to the market and industry as a whole.

      
We appreciate your consideration of this proposal.
In order to help you
understand the upside value of Williams common stock as consideration in an
exchange offer, we have included some backup material to this letter containing
recent analyst comments, earnings estimates, recommendations on Williams, and a
graph showing Williams as a compelling stock value in relation to other
comparable stocks.
Williams common stock (ticker: WMB) achieved a total return
of 1345% from January 1, 1990 to April 30, 2001, a compound annual return of
28%.
We are including this material solely for informational purposes, and we
assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the factual information contained
therein.
As a matter of policy, we do not generally comment on analysts'
projections or estimates and our inclusion of this material should not in any
matter be viewed as agreement or acquiescence on our part with the projections
or opinions set forth in such material.

      
Please direct any questions or comments regarding this proposal to Mark
Wilson, Vice President of Corporate Development, at the office at (918)
573-9236, facsimile number (918) 573-2334, at home at . .
., or cell phone at .
 . .
We have engaged Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP as our legal
advisors and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. as our financial advisors in connection
with this process.

      
We would like to begin negotiation of definitive agreements immediately
and be in a position to sign a definitive merger agreement within one week.
This
offer will remain in effect until 5:00 p.m. Central

Time on May 9, 2001, whereupon it will automatically expire unless extended by
Williams in its sole discretion.

                                          
Sincerely,

                                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.

                                          By: /s/    KEITH E. BAILEY
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                      Keith E. Bailey
                                            Chairman of the Board, President and
                                                             CEO

      The proposal letter was accompanied by proposed changes to the form of
merger agreement relating to a stock proposal furnished by Barrett Resources to
Williams during the "auction process".

      
On May 2, 2001, Shell announced that it would maintain its revised offer
price for the Shares at $60 per Share and that is was prepared to negotiate all
terms of its proposal, including price.
Shell also announced that it was
submitting a merger agreement to Barrett Resources' financial advisors and that
such merger agreement did not include a "breakup fee.
"

      On the afternoon of May 4, 2001, representatives of Barrett Resources
advised representatives of Williams that Williams was one of two final bidders
in Barrett Resources' auction process and requested that Williams submit an
amended proposal, if it chose to do so, by 2:00 p.m. (Denver time) on Saturday,
May 5, 2001, and that Williams consider providing more certainty as to value
with respect to the stock portion of its proposal.
Commencing on the evening of
May 4, 2001, counsel for Barrett Resources provided to Williams and counsel for
Williams a revised form of merger agreement and related schedules.
The revised
merger agreement reflected Barrett Resources' response to the form of merger
agreement which had been submitted by Williams with its May 2(nd) proposal
letter.

      
On Saturday, May 5, 2001, representatives of Williams advised Barrett
Resources that Williams was increasing its proposal from $71 to $73 per Share,
while maintaining the structure and other terms set forth in its May 2(nd)
proposal letter, and accepting Barrett Resources' proposed maximum expense
reimbursement amount of $15 million.
In addition, counsel for Williams provided
Barrett Resources and its counsel a revised form of merger agreement that
responded to the May 4(th) draft of the merger agreement.
During the evening of
May 5, 2001, representatives of Barrett Resources advised Williams that it was
the prevailing bidder in Barrett Resources' auction process.
Negotiations with
respect to the draft merger agreement continued through May 6, 2001 and the
early morning hours of May 7.

      
On May 6, 2001, representatives of Barrett Resources and its legal and
financial advisors traveled to Williams' headquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma and
conducted an on-site due diligence review of Williams.

      
On the evening of May 6, 2001, the Board of Directors of Williams held a
telephonic meeting at which the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby were approved.
At such meeting, Merrill Lynch, financial
advisor to Williams, rendered an oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed
in writing) that as of the date of the opinion the consideration to be paid in
the Offer and Merger, taken together, was fair from a financial point of view to
Williams.
Barrett Resources' Board of Directors held a meeting early in the
morning of May 7, 2001 at which the Merger Agreement and related transactions
were approved.
The Merger Agreement was executed on the morning of May 7, 2001
and separate press releases announcing the transaction were issued by each of
Williams and Barrett Resources.

      
On May 7, 2001, Shell publicly announced that it was withdrawing its offer
to acquire Barrett Resources.

      
On May 14, 2001, Williams and Purchaser commenced the Offer.


11.
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; THE MERGER AGREEMENT; EFFECTS OF
    INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER; STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS; APPRAISAL
    RIGHTS; PLANS FOR BARRETT RESOURCES; CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS; "GOING
    PRIVATE" TRANSACTIONS.

  
Purpose of the Offer

      The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is to acquire control of, and the
entire equity interest in, Barrett Resources.
The Offer, as the first step in
the acquisition of Barrett Resources, is intended to facilitate the transaction
by permitting Williams, through Purchaser, to acquire 50% of the Shares on an
expeditious basis.
The purpose of the Merger is to acquire all capital stock of
Barrett Resources not purchased pursuant to the Offer or otherwise.
Assuming
that all the conditions to the Merger are satisfied, Barrett Resources will
merge with and into Purchaser with Purchaser continuing as the surviving
corporation, unless certain conditions related to the United States federal
income tax treatment of the Offer and the merger of Barrett Resources with and
into Purchaser are not satisfied, in which case Purchaser may, in Williams'
reasonable discretion, merge with and into Barrett Resources with Barrett
Resources as the surviving corporation (whichever shall survive the Merger in
accordance with the foregoing, the "Surviving Corporation").
The Offer is being
made pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

      
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), the approval of
Barrett Resources' Board and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding Shares are required to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger.
The Board of
Directors of Barrett Resources has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby and determined that the Merger Agreement
and the terms contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are
advisable and are fair to and in the best interests of, Barrett Resources and
its stockholders.
The only remaining required corporate action of Barrett
Resources is the Barrett Resources Stockholder Approval.
In the Merger
Agreement, Barrett Resources has agreed to convene the Barrett Resources Special
Meeting to seek Barrett Resources Stockholder Approval and the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby as promptly as
practicable after the consummation of the Offer and such time as the
registration statement for the conversion of Williams Common Stock for Shares
pursuant to the Merger becomes effective.
If Purchaser has acquired (pursuant to
the Offer or otherwise) 50% of the outstanding Shares (which is expected to
occur if the Minimum Condition is met), Purchaser will effectively have
sufficient voting power to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the
Merger.

      
Purchaser has agreed that all Shares owned by it and any of its affiliates
will be voted in favor of the Merger at the Barrett Resources Special Meeting.

      
If Purchaser purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Merger Agreement
provides that Purchaser will be entitled to designate representatives to serve
on the Board of Barrett Resources substantially in proportion to Purchaser's
ownership of Shares following such purchases.
See "The Merger Agreement", below.

If Purchaser purchases 16,730,502 Shares in the Offer, Purchaser expects that
such representation would permit Williams to appoint at least one-half of the
members of the Barrett Resources Board.

  
The Merger Agreement

      The following summary description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement itself, filed as an exhibit to
the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that we filed with the SEC, which you
may examine and copy at the offices of the SEC as set forth in Section 8 (except
that it will not be available at the regional offices of the SEC).

      
THE OFFER.  
The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer.
Our
obligation to accept for payment and pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Minimum Condition and
certain other conditions that are described in Section 14 (collectively, the
"Offer Conditions").
Subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, we may
waive any Offer Condition; however, without the prior written consent of Barrett
Resources we can not waive the

Minimum Condition.
We reserve the right to modify the terms of the Offer, except
that, without the prior written consent of Barrett Resources, we may not (i)
reduce the number of Shares sought in the Offer, (ii) decrease the price per
Share, (iii) impose any conditions to the Offer in addition to the Offer
Conditions or modify the Offer Conditions in a manner adverse to the holders of
Shares (other than to waive any Offer Conditions to the extent permitted by the
Merger Agreement), (iv) except as expressly provided in the Merger Agreement
extend the Offer, (v) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer
(other than by adding consideration) or (vi) make any other change or
modification in any of the terms of the Offer in any manner that is adverse to
the holders of Shares.
See Section 14, "Conditions of the Offer".

      
On the date of commencement of the Offer, Williams and Purchaser will file
with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (the "Schedule TO") with
respect to the Offer and the related Letter of Transmittal, and Williams and
Purchaser will disseminate the Offer Documents (as defined herein) to holders of
Shares.
On the date the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC, Barrett
Resources will file with the SEC the Schedule 14D-9 containing the
Recommendations (as defined herein) (subject to the right of the Board of
Directors of Barrett Resources to make a Subsequent Determination (as defined
herein)) and Barrett Resources will disseminate the Schedule 14D-9 to its
stockholders.
This Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, a Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery and certain related documents are referred to herein as the
"Offer Documents.
"

      RECOMMENDATION.  
The Board of Directors of Barrett Resources duly adopted
resolutions by unanimous vote (i) determining that the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby are advisable and fair to and in the best
interest of Barrett Resources' stockholders, (ii) approving the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger,
(iii) waiving the application of Barrett Resources' bylaws (the "Bylaws") with
respect to the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger and (iv) resolving to
recommend acceptance of the Offer and that stockholders of Barrett Resources
tender their Shares in the Offer (collectively, the "Recommendations").

      
THE MERGER.  
The Merger Agreement provides that the purchase of Shares in
the Offer will be followed by a merger of Barrett Resources with and into
Purchaser in the Forward Merger.
However, if Williams is unable (using its
reasonable best efforts) to obtain a written opinion of its legal counsel, or
another nationally recognized United States federal income tax counsel or "Big
Five" accounting firm, that the Offer and the Forward Merger will be treated as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, then in
Williams' reasonable discretion the Merger may be accomplished through the
merger of Purchaser (or another direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Williams, as determined by Williams in its reasonable discretion) with and into
Barrett Resources in the Reverse Merger.
In each case the Surviving Corporation
of the Merger will become a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Williams.

      
If the Forward Merger is effected, then following the Effective Time, the
separate existence of Barrett Resources will cease and Purchaser will continue
as the Surviving Corporation.
If the Reverse Merger is effected, then, following
the Effective Time, the separate existence of Purchaser will cease and Barrett
Resources will continue as the Surviving Corporation.
The Surviving Corporation
will succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of Purchaser and
Barrett Resources in accordance with the DGCL.

      
The Merger Agreement provides that (i) in the event of the Forward Merger,
each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Purchaser will remain as
one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, no par
value, of the Surviving Corporation and (ii) in the event of the Reverse Merger,
each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Purchaser will be
converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

      
As of the Effective Time, each Share (other than Shares held directly or
indirectly by Williams or Barrett Resources or their subsidiaries or by
Purchaser) will be converted into the right to receive 1.767 (the "Exchange
Ratio") duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of
Williams

Common Stock (the "Merger Consideration").
As of the Effective Time, all such
Shares, when converted, shall no longer be outstanding and will automatically be
cancelled and retired, and each holder of a certificate representing any such
Shares will cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except (upon the
surrender of certificates for such Shares or book-entry transfer of such Shares)
(i) the right to receive dividends paid to holders of Williams Common Stock
after the Effective Time, (ii) certificates representing the Williams Common
Stock into which such Shares are converted, and (iii) any cash, without
interest, in lieu of fractional shares of Williams Common Stock to be issued or
paid in consideration therefor.

      
No fractional shares of Williams Common Stock will be issued, nor shall
dividends or interest be paid on fractional shares of Williams Common Stock.

Instead of any fractional share of Williams Common Stock that would otherwise be
issuable, cash adjustments will be paid to holders in respect of any fractional
share of Williams Common Stock, and the amount of such cash adjustment will be
equal to the product of (x) such stockholder's fractional share of Williams
Common Stock that would otherwise be issuable to such holder and (y) the closing
price per share of Williams Common Stock on the NYSE on the Closing Date (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Merger.

      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Barrett
Resources has made customary representations and warranties to Purchaser and
Williams, including representations relating to its organization and
qualification and subsidiaries; its certificate of incorporation and bylaws;
capital structure; corporate authorizations; absence of conflicts; required
filings and consents; compliance with laws; information supplied; SEC filings;
voting requirements; absence of certain changes or events; absence of
undisclosed liabilities; litigation; employee benefit plans; tax matters;
intellectual property; environmental matters; conditions of assets; and other
matters.

      
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser and Williams have made
customary representations and warranties to Barrett Resources, including
representations relating to corporate organization; absence of certain changes
or events; capital structure; SEC filings; corporate authorizations; Williams
Common Stock; information supplied; compliance with laws; absence of conflicts;
financial statements; litigation; and other matters.

      
Certain of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger
Agreement are qualified as to "materiality", "Material Adverse Change" or
"Material Adverse Effect".
When used in connection with Barrett Resources or
Williams, as the case may be, "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse
Effect" means any change or effect (or any development that, insofar as can
reasonably be foreseen, is likely to result in any change or effect) that is
materially adverse to the business, properties, assets, condition (financial or
otherwise) or results of operations of Barrett Resources and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole, or Williams and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, as the case
may be; provided, however, that (i) any adverse change, effect or development
that is caused by or results from conditions affecting the United States economy
generally or the economy of any nation or region in which Barrett Resources or
Williams, as the case may be, or their respective subsidiaries, conducts
business that is material to the business of Barrett Resources or Williams, as
the case may be, and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall not
be taken into account in determining whether there has been (or whether there
could reasonably be foreseen) a "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse
Effect" with respect to Barrett Resources or Williams, as the case may be, (ii)
any adverse change, effect or development that is caused by or results from
conditions generally affecting the industries (including the oil and gas
industry) in which Barrett Resources or Williams, as the case may be, conducts
its business shall not be taken into account in determining whether there has
been (or whether there could be reasonably be foreseen) a "Material Adverse
Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" with respect to Barrett Resources or
Williams, as the case may be, and (iii) any adverse change, effect or
development that is caused by or results from the announcement or pendency of
the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or the transactions contemplated
thereby will not be taken into account in determining whether there has been (or
whether there could reasonably be foreseen) a "Material Adverse Change" or
"Material Adverse Effect" with respect to Barrett Resources or Williams, as the
case may be.

      COVENANTS OF WILLIAMS.  
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Williams has
agreed to comply with various covenants, including:

             Williams' Conduct of Business.  
During the period from the date of
      the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time, Williams will, and will
      cause each of its subsidiaries to, in all material respects, except as
      contemplated by the Merger Agreement, carry on its business in the
      ordinary course as currently conducted.
During such period, Williams will
      not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, without the prior
      written consent of Barrett Resources (which consent will not be
      unreasonably withheld or delayed):

                  (i) amend Williams' certificate of incorporation in a manner
           that changes any material term or provision of the Williams Common
           Stock;

                  (ii) materially amend Purchaser's certificate of
           incorporation;

                  (iii) engage in any material repurchase at a premium,
           recapitalization, restructuring or reorganization with respect to
           Williams' capital stock;

                  (iv) acquire in any manner any person or any business or
           division of any person, or otherwise acquire any assets, unless such
           acquisition or the entering into of a definitive agreement relating
           to or the consummation of such transaction would not (a) impose any
           material delay in the obtaining of, or materially increase the risk
           of not obtaining, any authorizations, consents, orders, declarations
           or approvals of any Governmental Entity (as defined in the Merger
           Agreement) necessary to consummate the Offer, the Merger or the
           expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, (b)
           materially increase the risk of any Governmental Entity entering an
           order prohibiting the consummation of the Offer or the Merger or (c)
           increase the risk of not being able to remove any such order on
           appeal or otherwise; or

                  (v) enter into any contract or agreement to do any of the
           foregoing.

             
Purchaser's Conduct of Business Pending the Merger.  
Through the
      Effective Time, Purchaser will not engage in any activity of any nature
      except as provided in or contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

             
Voting of Shares.  
Williams has agreed to vote all Shares
      beneficially owned by it or its subsidiaries, including Purchaser, and
      including Shares purchased in the Offer, in favor of approval and adoption
      of the Merger.

      
COVENANTS OF BARRETT RESOURCES.  
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Barrett
Resources has agreed to comply with various covenants, including:

             Conduct of Business.  
Prior to the earlier of (i) the Effective
      Time or (ii) such time as Williams' designees constitute a majority of the
      Board of Directors of Barrett Resources, Barrett Resources will, and will
      cause each of its subsidiaries to, except as contemplated by the Merger
      Agreement, carry on its business in the ordinary course.
During such
      period, except as otherwise contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Barrett
      Resources will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, among
      other things, without the prior written consent of Williams (which consent
      shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):

                  (i) (a) pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions
           in respect of, any of its capital stock, except for dividends by a
           subsidiary of Barrett Resources to its parent or (b) split, combine
           or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the
           issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
           substitution for shares of its capital stock;

                  (ii) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise encumber any
           shares of its capital stock, any other voting securities or any
           securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to
           acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible
           securities, other than (a) the issuance of Shares upon exercise of
           Company Stock Options (as defined in the

           Merger Agreement) outstanding on the date hereof or (b) purchase,
           redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of Barrett
           Resources or any of its subsidiaries or any other securities thereof
           or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or
           other securities;

                  (iii) amend its organizational documents;

                  (iv) except in accordance with certain pre-existing
           obligations, acquire, or agree to acquire any business or assets,
           other than transactions that are in the ordinary course of business,
           or which involve assets having a purchase price not in excess of $5
           million individually or $10 million in the aggregate;

                  (v) make or agree to make any new capital expenditure other
           than expenditures approved by the Board of Directors of Barrett
           Resources and within Barrett Resources' capital budget for fiscal
           2001; provided, however, that no individual capital expenditure
           pursuant to a single authority for expenditure may exceed $2.5
           million;

                  (vi) except in accordance with certain pre-existing
           obligations, sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of,
           or agree to sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of,
           any of its assets, other than transactions that are in the ordinary
           course of business or which involve assets having a current value not
           in excess of $1 million individually or $5 million in the aggregate;

                  (vii) except as required by applicable law or as provided in
           the Merger Agreement, materially alter the terms of employment of any
           director, officer or employee;

                  (viii) except as may be required as a result of a change in
           law or in generally accepted accounting principles, make any material
           change in its method of accounting;

                  (x) make any material Tax (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
           election (unless required by law) or enter into any settlement or
           compromise of any material Tax liability that could reasonably be
           expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Barrett Resources;

                  (xi) except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
           past practice or pursuant to existing contracts or commitments (a)
           mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien (as defined in
           the Merger Agreement)
Barrett Resources' or its subsidiaries',
           properties or assets, or (b) license any of Barrett Resources'
           Intellectual Property (as defined in the Merger Agreement);

                  (xii) except in the ordinary course of business consistent
           with past practice and for certain liabilities set forth in the
           Merger Agreement, pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities
           or obligations;

                  (xii) (a) incur any Indebtedness (as defined in the Merger
           Agreement) or guarantee any Indebtedness or debt securities of
           another Person (as defined in the Merger Agreement), issue or sell
           any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt
           securities of Barrett Resources or any of its subsidiaries, enter
           into any "Keep Well" or other agreement to maintain any financial
           statement condition of another Person or enter into any arrangement
           having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, except for
           borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business (or to refund
           existing or maturing indebtedness) consistent with past practice and
           except for intercompany indebtedness between Barrett Resources and
           any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries or between such subsidiaries and
           except for Indebtedness, guarantees and similar commitments which do
           not exceed $10 million in the aggregate, or (b) make any loans,
           advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
           Person, except in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to an
           agreement existing on the date hereof or loans, advances, capital
           contributions or investments which do not exceed $10 million in the
           aggregate; or

                  (xiii) enter into or authorize any contract, agreement or
           binding commitment to do any of the foregoing.

             
Barrett Resources Shareholder Meeting and Shareholder
      Approval.  
Barrett Resources will call and hold the Barrett Resources
      Special Meeting for the purpose of voting on the approval and adoption of
      the Merger Agreement and the Merger.
Barrett Resources will use its
      reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies in favor of the Merger
      Agreement and the Merger and will take all other actions reasonably
      necessary to secure the vote or consent of stockholders to effect the
      Merger.

             
No Solicitation; Acquisition Proposals.  
Until the Effective Time
      or the termination of the Merger Agreement, (a) Barrett Resources will,
      and will cause its subsidiaries to, immediately cease and terminate any
      existing solicitation, initiation, knowing encouragement, discussion or
      negotiation with any Third Party (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
      conducted by Barrett Resources, its Subsidiaries or their respective
      representatives with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (as defined
      below) and (b) Barrett Resources will not, and Barrett Resources will
      cause and its subsidiaries' not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
      initiate or knowingly encourage, or knowingly take any other action to
      facilitate, any inquiries or the making or submission of any proposal that
      constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
      Proposal; (ii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition
      Proposal or enter into any agreement requiring Barrett Resources to
      abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the acquisition of Shares; (iii)
      participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, or disclose
      or provide any non-public information relating to Barrett Resources or its
      subsidiaries to any Third Party relating to an Acquisition Proposal
      (except as required by legal process), or knowingly facilitate any effort
      to make an Acquisition Proposal or accept an Acquisition Proposal; or (iv)
      enter into any letter of intent, agreement or similar document relating to
      any Acquisition Proposal.

             
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, if, prior to
      the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer, (a) Barrett Resources has
      received an unsolicited proposal from a Third Party relating to an
      Acquisition Proposal (under circumstances in which Barrett Resources has
      complied in all material respects with its obligations) and (b) the Board
      of Directors of Barrett Resources concludes in good faith (after
      consultation with a financial advisor, and on advice of counsel) (i) that
      such Acquisition Proposal may reasonably constitute a Superior Proposal
      (as defined below) and (ii) that the failure to provide such information
      or participate in such negotiations or discussions would result in a
      breach of its fiduciary duties, Barrett Resources may, subject to its
      giving Williams 24 hours prior written notice of the identity of such
      Third Party and, to the extent known, the terms and conditions of such
      Acquisition Proposal and of Barrett Resources intention to furnish
      nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with,
      such Third Party, (x) furnish information with respect to Barrett
      Resources and its subsidiaries to any Third Party pursuant to a customary
      confidentiality agreement containing terms not materially less restrictive
      than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement between Barrett Resources
      and Williams and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations regarding
      such proposal or take certain actions described in the Merger Agreement.

             
Barrett Resources shall within 24 hours notify and advise Williams
      of any Acquisition Proposal and the terms and conditions of such
      Acquisition Proposal.
Barrett Resources will inform Williams on a prompt
      and current basis of the status of any discussions with a Third Party and,
      as promptly as practicable, of any change in the price, structure or form
      of the consideration or material terms of and conditions regarding such
      Acquisition Proposal.

             
For purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means
      any inquiry, offer, proposal, indication of interest, signed agreement or
      completed action, as the case may be, by any Third Party which relates to
      a transaction or series of transactions involving Barrett Resources or the
      issuance or acquisition of 20% or more of the outstanding Shares or any
      tender or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any Person,
      together with all affiliates thereof, beneficially owning 20% or more of
      the outstanding Shares, or the acquisition, license, purchase or other

      disposition of a substantial portion of the business or assets of Barrett
      Resources outside the ordinary course of business.

             
For purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any
      bona fide written Acquisition Proposal (provided that for the purposes of
      this definition, the applicable percentages in the definition of
      Acquisition Proposal shall be fifty percent (50%) as opposed to twenty
      percent (20%)), on its most recently amended or modified terms, which the
      Board of Directors of Barrett Resources determines in its good faith
      judgment, (i) would, if consummated, result in a transaction that is more
      favorable to Barrett Resources' stockholders, from a financial point of
      view, than the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii)
      is reasonably capable of being completed.

             
Modification to Recommendations.  
Except as expressly permitted in
      Section 6.6 of the Merger Agreement, neither the Board of Directors of
      Barrett Resources nor any committee thereof will (i) withdraw, qualify,
      modify or amend, in a manner adverse to Williams, the Recommendations
      described above or make any public statement, filing or release
      inconsistent with such Recommendations (provided, however, that following
      the Barrett Resources Board of Directors' consideration and evaluation of
      an Acquisition Proposal, it is understood that for the purposes of the
      Merger Agreement, if Barrett Resources adopts a neutral position or no
      position with respect to the Acquisition Proposal, it will be considered
      an adverse modification of the Recommendations), (ii) approve or
      recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any Acquisition
      Proposal or (iii) cause Barrett Resources to enter into any acquisition
      agreement or other similar agreement related to any Acquisition Proposal
      (each, a "Subsequent Determination"), provided that if prior to the
      consummation of the Offer the Board of Directors of Barrett Resources
      determines in good faith (after it has received a Superior Proposal and
      after receipt of advice from its counsel) that the failure to make a
      Subsequent Determination would result in a breach by the Board of
      Directors of Barrett Resources of its fiduciary duties to its
      stockholders, the Board of Directors of Barrett Resources may inform
      Barrett Resources' stockholders that it no longer believes that the Offer
      and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
      Agreement are advisable, but only after 72 hours after delivery by Barrett
      Resources to Williams of a written notice (a "Subsequent Determination
      Notice") (i) advising Williams that the Board of Directors of Barrett
      Resources has received a Superior Proposal, (ii) specifying the terms and
      conditions of such Superior Proposal, (iii) identifying the person making
      such Superior Proposal and (iv) stating that Barrett Resources intends to
      make a Subsequent Determination.
After providing such notice, Barrett
      Resources will provide a reasonable opportunity to Williams to make such
      adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement as would
      enable Barrett Resources to proceed with its Recommendations to its
      stockholders without a Subsequent Determination.

             
Standstill Agreements.  
Through the Effective Time, Barrett
      Resources will enforce and will not terminate, amend, modify or waive any
      standstill provision of any confidentiality or standstill agreement
      between Barrett Resources and other parties entered into prior to the date
      of the Merger Agreement in connection with the process to solicit
      acquisition proposals for Barrett Resources.

             Rights Plan.  
Except as expressly required by the Merger Agreement
      or in order to delay the occurrence of a Distribution Date (as defined in
      the Barrett Resources Rights Agreement) in response to the public
      announcement of an Acquisition Proposal, Barrett Resources will not,
      without the prior written consent of Williams, amend the Barrett Resources
      Rights Agreement or take any other action with respect to, or make any
      determination under, the Barrett Resources Rights Agreement.

             
Bank Debt.  
Barrett Resources has agreed to use its reasonable best
      efforts to seek the consent of its bank lenders and the issuers of letters
      of credit to Barrett Resources to permit the consummation of the
      transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, without requiring
      repayment of Barrett Resources' indebtedness to such lenders or
      replacement of the letters of credit.

      
MUTUAL COVENANTS.  
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Barrett Resources,
Williams and Purchaser have agreed to comply with various mutual covenants,
including:

             Notice of Certain Matters.  
Williams and Barrett Resources have
      agreed to notify each other promptly of any notices or communications
      received from any governmental or regulatory agency or authority in
      connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and
      of certain other events.
Additionally, the parties will provide one
      another with copies of all filings made by them with any Governmental
      Entity in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereby.

             
Preparation of Form S-4 and Proxy Statement/Prospectus.  
Williams
      and Barrett Resources will, as soon as practicable following the
      acceptance of Shares pursuant to the Offer, prepare and Barrett Resources
      will file with the SEC a Proxy Statement (as defined in the Merger
      Agreement).
Williams and Barrett Resources will also prepare and Williams
      will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the "Form
      S-4") for the offer and sale of the Williams Common Stock pursuant to the
      Merger.
Barrett Resources and Williams will use all reasonable efforts to
      have the Form S-4 declared effective.
Williams will also take any action
      (other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is
      not currently qualified or filing a general consent to service of process)
      required to be taken under any applicable state securities laws in
      connection with the issuance of Williams Common Stock in the Merger and
      Barrett Resources will furnish all information concerning itself and the
      holders of its capital stock as may be reasonably requested in connection
      with any such action and the preparation, filing and distribution of the
      Proxy Statement.

             Access.  
Upon reasonable notice and subject to the Confidentiality
      Agreement between Barrett Resources and Williams, Barrett Resources and
      Williams will, and will cause their subsidiaries to, afford to the other
      party and its representatives reasonable access, during normal business
      hours to properties, books, contracts, commitments, records and
      representatives.

             Public Announcements.  
Except as may be required by applicable law
      or a listing agreement with a securities exchange, Barrett Resources and
      Williams have agreed to consult with each other regarding the timing and
      content of any press release and public statements with respect to the
      Merger Agreement.

             
Antitrust Filings.  
Williams and Barrett Resources will (i)
      promptly make or cause to be made the filings required under the HSR Act
      and any other antitrust laws with respect to the Offer, the Merger and the
      other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) comply at
      the earliest practicable date with any request under the HSR Act or such
      other antitrust laws for additional information, documents, or other, and
      (iii) cooperate with the other party in connection with any such filing
      and in connection with resolving any investigation or other inquiry of any
      governmental entity under any antitrust laws with respect to any such
      filing, the Offer, the Merger or such other transactions.
Williams and
      Barrett Resources will promptly inform each other of any communication
      with, and any proposed understanding, undertaking, or agreement with, any
      governmental entity regarding any such filings, the Offer, the Merger or
      such other transactions.

      CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.  
The Merger Agreement provides that the
respective obligations of Williams, Purchaser and Barrett Resources to effect
the Merger will be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time
of the following conditions:

             (i) the Barrett Resources Stockholder Approval will have been
      obtained; provided, however that Williams and Purchaser will vote all of
      their Shares in favor of the Merger;

             (ii) no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,
      temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
      order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental
      Entity preventing the consummation of the Merger will be in effect;
      provided, however, that each of the parties will have used their
      reasonable best efforts to prevent the entry of any such temporary
      restraining order, injunction or other order and to appeal any injunction
      or other order that may be entered;

             (iii) Purchaser will have previously accepted for payment and paid
      for Shares pursuant to the Offer; provided, however, that this condition
      will be deemed satisfied if Williams or Purchaser fails to accept for
      payment and pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer in violation of the terms
      of the Merger Agreement and/or the Offer;

             (iv) the Form S-4 will have become effective under the Securities
      Act and will not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a
      stop order; and

             (v) the shares of Williams Common Stock to be issued in the Merger
      will have been approved for listing on the NYSE.

      TERMINATION.  
The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
the Effective Time:

             (i) by mutual written consent of Williams and Barrett Resources; or

             (ii) by either of Williams or Barrett Resources:

                  (a) if the Offer has expired or been terminated in accordance
           with the terms of the Merger Agreement without Williams or Purchaser
           having accepted for payment any Shares pursuant to the Offer, unless
           the failure to consummate the Offer is the result of a willful and
           material breach of the Merger Agreement by the party seeking to
           terminate the Merger Agreement; or

                  (b) if the Offer has not been consummated on or before August
           31, 2001, unless the failure to consummate the Offer is the result of
           a willful and material breach of the Merger Agreement by the party
           seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement; or

                  (c) if the Merger has not been consummated as a result of any
           Offer Conditions being incapable of being satisfied; or

                  (d) if any statute, rule, regulation, injunction or decree
           having the effects imposing certain specified material restrictions
           on the Offer or the Merger is in effect and has become final and
           nonappealable; or

             (iii) by Williams, if Barrett Resources has provided Williams with
      a Subsequent Determination Notice, or the Board of Directors of Barrett
      has made a Subsequent Determination or has modified its Recommendations in
      a manner adverse to Williams or has resolved to do any of the foregoing;
      or

             (iv) by Barrett Resources, if Barrett Resources makes a Subsequent
      Determination in compliance with the terms of the Merger Agreement,
      provided Barrett Resources has paid or concurrently pays Williams the sums
      required by the Merger Agreement; or

             (v) by Barrett Resources (a) if Purchaser or Williams has breached
      in any material respect any of their respective covenants, obligations or
      other agreements under the Merger Agreement, or (b) if the representations
      and warranties of Williams and Purchaser set forth in the Merger Agreement
      are not true and correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of
      the expiration of the date of termination of the Merger Agreement, except
      to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of
      such date (subject to limitations regarding the materiality of such
      breach); provided, that the breach of the covenant, obligation, agreement,
      representation or warranty is incapable of being or has not been cured by
      Williams or Purchaser within 10 calendar days following written notice by
      Barrett Resources to Williams of such breach or failure to perform; or

             (vi) by Williams (a) if Barrett Resources has breached in any
      material respect any of its covenants, obligations or other agreements
      under the Agreement, or (b) if Barrett Resources' representations and
      warranties in the Merger Agreement are not true and correct as of the date
      of the Merger Agreement and as of the expiration of the date of
      termination of the Merger Agreement, except to the extent expressly made
      as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date

      (subject to limitations regarding the materiality of such breach);
      provided, that the breach of the covenant, obligation, agreement,
      representation or warranty is incapable of being or has not been cured by
      Barrett Resources within 10 calendar days following written notice by
      Williams to Barrett Resources of such breach or failure to perform.

      
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.  
The Merger Agreement provides that employees of
Barrett Resources and its subsidiaries will remain employed immediately
following the consummation of the Merger, generally will receive credit for
co-payments, deductible, unused vacation and unused sick leave and generally
will receive service credit for purposes of eligibility and vesting under each
benefit plan (and for purposes of determination of benefits under certain
benefit plans) in which they are eligible to participate following consummation
of the Offer.
With respect to welfare plans, Williams generally will waive or
cause to be waived limitations as to pre-existing conditions exclusions and
waiting periods with respect to such employees.
Williams will honor or cause to
be honored all employment agreements, bonus agreements, severance agreements,
severance plans and non-competition agreements with the directors, officers and
employees of Barrett Resources and its subsidiaries.

      OPTIONS.  
The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain
exceptions described below, each option to acquire Barrett Resources common
stock (a "Barrett Resources Stock Option") that is outstanding immediately prior
to the consummation of the Offer (the "Offer Consummation Date") will vest and
become fully exercisable at such time.
On the Offer Consummation Date (with
respect to Barrett Resources Stock Options held by persons who are not subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act) and at the
Effective Time (with respect to Barrett Resources Stock Options held by persons
who are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act), each Barrett Resources Stock Option will be adjusted to represent an
option to purchase the number of shares of Barrett Resources common stock (a
"Barrett Resources Adjusted Option") (rounded down to the nearest full share)
determined by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Barrett Resources Common
Stock subject to such Barrett Resources Stock Option immediately prior to the
Offer Consummation Date (with respect to Barrett Resources Stock Options held by
persons who are not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act) and immediately prior to the Effective Time (with respect to
Barrett Resources Stock Options held by persons who are subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act) by (ii) 0.5, at an exercise
price per share of Barrett Resources common stock equal to the exercise price
per share of Barrett Resources common stock immediately prior to the Offer
Consummation Date.

      
In addition, promptly following the Offer Consummation Date (with respect
to holders of Barrett Resources Stock Options who are not subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act), and promptly
following the Effective Time (with respect to holders of Barrett Resources Stock
Options who are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act), Williams will pay to the holder of each Barrett Resources Stock
Option an amount of cash (rounded up to the nearest cent) equal to the product
of (A) (x) $73.00 minus (y) the exercise price per share of Barrett Resources
common stock immediately prior to the Offer Consummation Date and (B) the number
of shares of Barrett Resources common stock subject to such option multiplied by
0.5 (rounded up to the nearest full share).

      
At the Effective Time, each Barrett Resources Adjusted Option will be
assumed by Williams and become and represent an option to purchase the number of
Williams Common Stock (rounded to the nearest full share, or if there is not be
a nearest share, the next greater full share) determined by multiplying (i) the
number of shares of Barrett Resources Common Stock subject to such Barrett
Resources Adjusted Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by (ii) 1.767,
at an exercise price per share of Williams Common Stock (rounded up to the
nearest tenth of a cent) equal to (A) the exercise price per share of Barrett
Resources common stock immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by 1.767.

Each Barrett Resources Adjusted Option so converted will be exercisable upon the
same terms and conditions as under the applicable plan under which it was
granted and the applicable option agreement issued thereunder, except as
otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement.

      
At the Effective Time, Williams will assume the Barrett Resources stock
plans, with the result that all obligations of Barrett Resources under the
Barrett Resources stock plans, including with respect to Barrett Resources
Adjusted Options outstanding at the Effective Time, will be obligations of
Williams following the Effective Time.

      
The Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding anything in the
foregoing to the contrary, to the extent an option holder holds any
unexercisable incentive stock options ("Unvested ISOs") on the Offer
Consummation Date that do not become exercisable upon consummation of the Offer
pursuant to the terms of the option plan under which they were granted, then, to
the extent possible, each such Unvested ISO will be converted into the right to
receive cash in full and the other options held by such option holder will be
appropriately adjusted so that the aggregate amount of cash payable to such
option holder in respect of all of his or her Barrett Resources Stock Options
pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement is not increased because of the
treatment of Unvested ISOs under the Merger Agreement.

      
STAY BONUSES; SEVERANCE.  
Prior to the Effective Time, Barrett Resources
will be permitted to award bonuses to employees of Barrett Resources or any of
its subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,000,000, with such
bonuses to be allocated at the direction of its Chief Executive Officer with the
consent of Williams, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Such bonuses will be paid upon the earlier of 90 days following the Effective
Time and 30 days following the termination of the Merger Agreement (the "Payment
Date") to each employee to whom such a bonus has been awarded and who continues
to be employed by Barrett Resources (or any successor or affiliate of Barrett
Resources) on the Payment Date or whose employment terminates prior to the
Payment Date due to death, Disability, termination by Barrett Resources (or any
successor or affiliate of Barrett Resources) without Cause, or termination by
the employee with Good Reason (as such capitalized terms are defined in Barrett
Resources' Severance Protection Plan).
However, no such bonus will be paid to
any employee who has entered into a Severance Protection Agreement with Barrett
Resources and whose employment terminates prior to the Payment Date entitling
such employee to a severance payment pursuant to Section 3.1(b) of such
Severance Protection Agreement.

      
Williams will maintain or cause to be maintained the Barrett Resources
severance policy as in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement or will
replace such policy with a policy providing equal or more favorable
compensation, for a period of at least two years from the Effective Time.
Each
employee of Barrett Resources or any of its subsidiaries whose employment is
terminated upon, or within 18 months following, the consummation of the Offer,
other than an employee who has entered into a Severance Protection Agreement
with Barrett Resources, will receive a cash payment from Barrett Resources or
Williams in the amount of $8,000 which may, in the sole discretion of such
employee, be used to obtain outplacement services, to assist in the transition
to subsequent employment or for any other purpose.

      
TAX TREATMENT.  
The Merger Agreement is intended to constitute a "plan of
reorganization" with respect to the Offer and the Forward Merger for United
States federal income tax purposes.
From and after the date of the Merger
Agreement, each party is required to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the Offer and the Forward Merger to qualify, and may not, without prior written
consent, knowingly take any actions, or cause any actions to be taken, which
could reasonably be expected to prevent the Offer and the Forward Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization.

      
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  
Subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of the
Exchange Act, promptly after Purchaser purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer
(subject to the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition), Purchaser will be
entitled to designate up to the number of directors, rounded to the nearest
whole number, of Barrett Resources' Board of Directors, as will make the
percentage of Barrett Resources' directors designated by Purchaser equal to the
aggregate voting power of the shares of Barrett Resources Common Stock held by
Williams or any of its subsidiaries.
However, in the event that Purchaser's
designees are elected to the Board of Directors of Barrett Resources, until the
Effective Time, such Board of Directors will have at least two directors who are
directors on the date of the Merger Agreement and who are not officers of
Barrett Resources (the "Independent Directors").
If the number of Independent
Directors is reduced below two for any reason whatsoever, the remaining
Independent Directors will

designate a person to fill such vacancy who will be deemed to be an Independent
Director or, if no Independent Directors then remain, the other directors will
designate two persons to fill such vacancies who will not be officers or
affiliates of Barrett Resources, Williams or any of their subsidiaries.

      
Following the election or appointment of Purchaser's designees, a
concurrence will be required of a majority of the Independent Directors for (a)
any amendment, or waiver of any term or condition, of the Merger Agreement or
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Barrett Resources and (b)
any termination of the Merger Agreement by Barrett Resources, any extension by
Barrett Resources of the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
other acts of Purchaser or waiver or assertion of any of Barrett Resources'
rights under the Merger Agreement, and any other consent or action by Barrett
Resources' Board of Directors with respect to the Merger Agreement.
As a result
of the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, it is contemplated
that Purchaser's designees will represent at least one-half of Barrett
Resources' Board of Directors after the purchase of Shares until the Effective
Time.

      
INDEMNIFICATION.  
Williams will, or will cause the Surviving Corporation
to, honor for a period of not less than six years from the Effective Time (or,
for matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time that have not been
resolved, until such matters are finally resolved), all rights to
indemnification or exculpation, existing in favor of a director, officer,
employee or agent (an "Indemnified Person") of Barrett Resources or any of its
subsidiaries relating to actions or events through the Effective Time.
The
Surviving Corporation, however, will not be required to indemnify any
Indemnified Person for any proceeding to the extent involving any claim
initiated by such Indemnified Person unless such proceeding was authorized by
the Board of Directors of Barrett Resources or was brought to enforce rights
under this Merger Agreement.
In the event that any Indemnified Person becomes
involved in any actual or threatened action, suit, claim, proceeding or
investigation after the Effective Time, Williams will, or will cause the
Surviving Corporation to, promptly advance to such Indemnified Person his or her
expenses, subject to such Indemnified Person undertaking to reimburse all
advances amounts in the event of a non-appealable determination that such
Indemnified Person is not entitled thereto.

      DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INSURANCE.  
Prior to the Effective Time, Barrett
Resources will have the right to obtain and pay for in full a "tail" coverage
directors' and officers' liability insurance policy ("D&O Insurance") covering a
period of at least six years after the Effective Time.
If Barrett Resources is
unable to obtain such insurance, the Surviving Corporation will maintain Barrett
Resources' D&O Insurance for a period of at least six years after the Effective
Time.
However, the Surviving Corporation may substitute policies of similar
coverage and amounts with terms no less advantageous.
Nevertheless, Barrett
Resources will not, without Williams' consent, expend in excess of 300% of the
last annual premium paid to procure the coverage and neither Williams nor the
Surviving Corporation will be required to expend in excess of 300% of the last
annual premium paid.

      
FEES AND EXPENSES.  
If the Offer has not been accepted, Barrett Resources
will pay Williams a fee equal to $75.5 million as a result of the occurrence of
any of the following events (each of which is a "Trigger Event"):

             (i) Barrett Resources has received an Acquisition Proposal (other
      than the cash tender offer by SRM Acquisition Corp. (an affiliate of
      Shell), pursuant to the Shell Offer, dated March 12, 2001, as amended to
      the date of the Merger Agreement, at a purchase price of $60 per Share, it
      being understood that Barrett Resources will be deemed to have received an
      Acquisition Proposal (x) if SRM Acquisition Company amends its tender
      offer by increasing its tender offer price above $60 per Share, or (y) if
      an acquisition proposal other than the Shell Offer is made by any other
      affiliate of Shell) after the date of the Merger Agreement (but prior to
      the termination of the Merger Agreement), and at any time prior to, or
      within 12 months after, the termination of the Merger Agreement (unless
      terminated without the fault of any party or due to Williams' or
      Purchaser's default), or Barrett Resources has entered into, or has
      publicly announced its intention to enter into, an agreement or an
      agreement in principle with respect to any Acquisition Proposal;

             (ii)
Barrett Resources has provided Williams with a Subsequent
      Determination Notice or the Board of Directors of Barrett Resources (or
      any committee thereof) (a) has made a Subsequent Determination, (b) has
      included in the Schedule 14D-9 its Recommendations with modification or
      qualification in a manner adverse to Williams, or (c) has resolved to, or
      publicly announced an intention to, take any of the actions as specified
      in the Merger Agreement; or

             (iii) (a) as of the final expiration date of the Offer, all
      conditions to the consummation of the Offer have been met or waived except
      for satisfaction of the Minimum Condition, (b) there has been made
      subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement (but before such expiration
      date of the Offer) an Acquisition Proposal (other than the cash tender
      offer by SRM Acquisition Corp, it being understood that Barrett Resources
      will be deemed to have received an Acquisition Proposal (x) if SRM
      Acquisition Company amends its tender offer by increasing its tender offer
      price above $60 per Share, or (y) if an Acquisition Proposal other than
      the Shell Offer is made by any other affiliate of Shell) and (c) at any
      time prior to, or within 12 months after, the expiration or termination of
      the Offer, Barrett Resources has entered into, or has publicly announced
      its intention to enter into, an agreement or agreements in principle with
      respect to any Acquisition Proposal.

             
Except as otherwise specified above, all fees and expenses incurred
      in connection with the Offer and the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the
      transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will be paid by the
      party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Offer or the
      Merger is consummated:

                  (i) provided, that if the Merger Agreement is terminated as a
           result of the occurrence of a Trigger Event, Barrett Resources will
           also reimburse Williams for all out-of-pocket fees payable and
           expenses reasonably incurred by Williams up to a maximum of $15
           million.

                  
(ii) provided, that if Barrett Resources has breached or
           failed to perform in any material respect any of its representations,
           warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in the Merger
           Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (A) would cause Barrett
           Resources to breach or fail to perform any of its covenants,
           obligations or agreements under the Merger Agreement, or cause any of
           the representations and warranties of Barrett Resources that are not
           qualified as to materiality not to be true and correct, and (B) is
           incapable of being or has not been cured by Barrett Resources prior
           to or on the earlier of (x) ten days immediately following written
           notice by Williams to Barrett Resources of such breach or failure to
           perform and (y) the expiration or termination of the Offer in
           accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement Barrett Resources
           will reimburse Williams for all out-of-pocket fees payable and
           expenses reasonably incurred by Williams up to a maximum of $15
           million.

                  
(iii) provided, that if Barrett Resources has terminated the
           Merger Agreement as a result of the breach by Williams or Purchaser
           of any material representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement
           under the Merger Agreement, and such breach of a representation,
           warranty, covenant or other agreement is incapable of being or has
           not been cured by Williams within 10 calendar days following written
           notice of such breach or failure to perform, Williams will reimburse
           Barrett Resources for all out-of-pocket fees payable and expenses
           reasonably incurred by Barrett Resources up to a maximum of $15
           million.

      AMENDMENTS.  
Subject to certain customary restrictions, including, among
other things, a restriction on Purchaser's right to waive the Minimum Condition,
the Merger Agreement may be amended at any time, but after the Barrett Resources
Stockholder Approval has been obtained, no amendment which requires approval by
Barrett Resources' stockholders will be made without obtaining such approval.

      
GOVERNING LAW.  
The Merger Agreement is governed by, and construed in
accordance with Delaware law, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern
under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

  
Effects of Inability to Consummate the Merger

      
If each of the Offer and the Merger is consummated, stockholders of
Barrett Resources who elected not to tender their Shares in the Offer, or had
fewer Shares accepted than tendered in the Offer as a result of proration, will
have each of those Shares that they continue to hold following consummation of
the Offer converted in the Merger into 1.767 shares of Williams Common Stock.

      
If, following the consummation of the Offer, the Merger is not
consummated, Purchaser will control the number of Shares purchased by it in the
Offer.
Under the Merger Agreement, subject to satisfaction of the Minimum
Condition, Purchaser will be entitled to representation on the Barrett Resources
Board of Directors in the same proportion as the number of Shares then
beneficially owned by Purchaser bears to the total number of Shares outstanding,
rounded up to the nearest whole number.
As a result of its ownership of such
Shares and its representation on the Barrett Resources Board, Purchaser may be
able to influence and potentially control decisions of the Barrett Resources
Board of Directors.

      
Following consummation of the Offer (including if the Merger is not
consummated), Williams and Purchaser reserve the right to acquire additional
Shares through private purchases, market transactions, tender or exchange offers
or otherwise on terms and at prices that may be more or less favorable than
those of the Offer or, subject to any applicable legal restrictions, to dispose
of any or all Shares acquired by Purchaser and Williams.

  
Statutory Requirements

      In general, under the DGCL a merger of two Delaware corporations requires
the adoption of a resolution by the board of directors of each of the
corporations desiring to merge approving an agreement of merger containing
provisions with respect to certain statutorily specified matters and the
approval of such agreement of merger by the stockholders of each corporation by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all the outstanding shares
of stock entitled to vote on such merger.
The respective Boards of Directors of
Williams, Purchaser and Barrett Resources have each approved the Merger
Agreement and the Merger.

      
The Merger Agreement and the Merger are subject to the Barrett Resources
Stockholder Approval.

  
Appraisal Rights

      No appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer or the
Merger.

  
Plans for Barrett Resources

      Williams and Purchaser intend to conduct a review of Barrett Resources and
its subsidiaries and their respective assets, businesses, corporate structure,
capitalization, operations, properties, policies, management and personnel.

Based on this review, Williams and Purchaser may take actions or make changes
that they consider desirable and reserve the right to effect such actions or
changes.
Williams' and Purchaser's decisions could be affected by information
hereafter obtained, changes in general economic or market conditions or in the
business of Barrett Resources or its subsidiaries, actions by Barrett Resources
or its subsidiaries and other factors.

      
Williams currently anticipates that Barrett Resources' principal offices
in Denver, Colorado will serve as the Rocky Mountain principal offices for
Williams' oil and gas exploration operations after the consummation of the
Merger.

      
Except as described in this Section 11 or elsewhere in this Offer to
Purchase, Barrett Resources has no present plans or proposals that would relate
to or would result in (a) an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a
merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving Barrett Resources or any of its
subsidiaries, (b) a purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of
Barrett Resources or any of its subsidiaries, (c) any change in the present
Board of Directors or management of Barrett Resources, (d) any material change
in the present capitalization or dividend policy of Barrett Resources, (e) any
material change in Barrett Resources' corporate structure or business, (f)
causing a class of securities of Barrett Resources to be delisted from a
national securities exchange or to cease to be authorized to be quoted in an
inter-dealer quotation system of a registered national securities association or
(g) a class of

equity securities of Barrett Resources becoming eligible for termination of
registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act.

  
Confidentiality Agreements.

      
On March 9, 2001, Williams signed the Confidentiality Agreement which
provides that, subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, Williams
will keep confidential certain nonpublic information furnished by Barrett
Resources.
In addition, subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement,
Williams agreed not to, among other things, (i) acquire any assets, businesses
or securities of Barrett Resources, (ii) solicit proxies or consents with regard
to Barrett Resources or (iii) otherwise seek control of Barrett Resources, in
each case without the consent of Barrett Resources, until the close of business
on May 11, 2001.
A copy of the Confidentiality Agreement is filed as Exhibit
(d)(2) hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
The foregoing description
of the Confidentiality Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to
such Exhibit.

      
In connection with its due diligence review of Williams, on May 6, 2001,
Barrett Resources signed a nondisclosure agreement (the "Nondisclosure
Agreement") providing that, among other things subject to the terms of the
Nondisclosure Agreement, Barrett Resources will keep confidential certain
nonpublic information furnished by Williams.
A copy of the Nondisclosure
Agreement is filed as Exhibit (d)(3) hereto and is incorporated herein by
reference.
The foregoing description of the Nondisclosure Agreement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to such Exhibit.

  
"Going Private" Transactions

      The SEC has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act which is applicable
to certain "going private" transactions and which may under certain
circumstances be applicable to the Merger.
However, Rule 13e-3 would be
inapplicable to the Merger because holders of Shares will receive only shares of
Williams Common Stock in the Merger (exclusive of cash in lieu of fractional
shares), and the Williams Common Stock is registered under Section 12 of the
Securities Act and is listed on the NYSE.
If applicable, Rule 13e-3 would
require, among other things, that certain financial information concerning the
fairness of the proposed transaction and the consideration offered to minority
stockholders in such transaction be filed with the SEC and disclosed to
stockholders prior to the consummation of the transaction.


12.
SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS.

      
Purchaser estimates that the total amount of funds required to purchase
16,730,502 Shares pursuant to the Offer and to pay related fees and expenses
will be approximately $1.23 billion.
In addition, Barrett Resources has agreed
in the Merger Agreement to seek the consent of its bank lenders under its credit
agreement to permit it to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement without repaying the indebtedness under the credit agreement.
If such
bank consents are not obtained, Williams would need approximately an additional
$145 million to repay the indebtedness under the credit agreement (the
"Refinancing").
Purchaser intends to fund the purchase of Shares pursuant to the
Offer and the Refinancing, if required, from capital contributions by Williams.

Williams currently has sufficient liquidity available through the unused portion
of its existing commercial paper program and revolving credit agreements to make
such capital contributions to Purchaser.
In addition, Williams may choose to
establish a bridge loan facility to fund all or part of such capital
contributions.
Finally, Williams may choose to review other funding options such
as volumetric production payments, convertible debt or equity or other
structured alternatives in order to make the required capital contributions to
Purchaser.

      
Williams' commercial paper program involves the private placement of
unsecured, commercial paper notes with maturities of up to 270 days.
The
commercial paper generally has an effective interest rate approximating the then
market rate of interest for commercial paper of similar rating, currently
approximately 5.28%.
Williams may refinance any commercial paper borrowings used
to finance the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Refinancing, if
any, through private placements of additional commercial paper, borrowings under
its credit agreements or, depending on market or business conditions, through
such other financing as Williams may deem appropriate.

13.
DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

      
If on or after the date of the Merger Agreement, Barrett Resources (a)
splits, combines or otherwise changes the Shares or its capitalization, (b)
acquires Shares or otherwise causes a reduction in the number of Shares, (c)
issues or sells additional Shares (other than the issuance of Shares reserved
for issuance as of the date of the Merger Agreement under option and employee
stock purchase plans in accordance with their terms as publicly disclosed as of
the date of the Merger Agreement) or any shares of any other class of capital
stock, other voting securities or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for, or rights, warrants or options, conditional or otherwise, to
acquire, any of the foregoing or (d) discloses that it has taken such action,
then, without prejudice to Williams' and Purchaser's rights under Section 14 of
this document, Williams and Purchaser, in their sole discretion, may make such
adjustments in the purchase price and other terms of the Offer as they deem
appropriate to reflect such split, combination or other change or action,
including, without limitation, the Minimum Condition or the number or type of
securities offered to be purchased.
Barrett Resources has agreed in the Merger
Agreement not to take any of the foregoing actions without Williams' consent.

      
If on or after the date of the Merger Agreement, Barrett Resources
declares or pays any dividend on the Shares or any distribution (including,
without limitation, the issuance of additional Shares pursuant to a stock
dividend or stock split, the issuance of other securities or the issuance of
rights for the purchase of any securities) with respect to the Shares that is
payable or distributable to stockholders of record on a date prior to the
transfer into the name of Purchaser or its nominees or transferees on Barrett
Resources' stock transfer records of the Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer,
and if Shares are purchased in the Offer, then, without prejudice to Purchaser's
rights under Section 14 of this document, (a) the purchase price per Share
payable by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer shall be reduced by the amount of any
such cash dividend or cash distribution and (b) any such non-cash dividend,
distribution, issuance, proceeds or rights to be received by the tendering
stockholders will (i) be received and held by the tendering stockholders for the
account of Purchaser and will be required to be promptly remitted and
transferred by each tendering stockholder to the Depositary for the account of
Purchaser, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer or (ii) at the
direction of Purchaser, be exercised for the benefit of Purchaser, in which case
the proceeds of such exercise will promptly be remitted to Purchaser.
Pending
such remittance and subject to applicable law, Purchaser will be entitled to all
rights and privileges as owner of any such non-cash dividend, distribution,
issuance, proceeds or rights and may withhold the entire purchase price or
deduct from the purchase price the amount or value thereof, as determined by
Purchaser in its sole discretion.
Barrett Resources has agreed in the Merger
Agreement not to take any of the foregoing actions without Williams' consent.


14.
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

      
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, subject to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or
pay for (subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Purchaser's obligation to pay
for or return tendered Shares after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer))
any Shares tendered, if by the expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended in
accordance with the requirements of the Merger Agreement), (1) there shall not
have been validly tendered and not withdrawn CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

      
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, subject to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or
pay for (subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Purchaser's obligation to pay
for or return tendered Shares after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer))
any Shares tendered, if by the expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended in
accordance with the requirements of the Merger Agreement), (1) there shall not
have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the
Offer 16,730,502 Shares, (2) the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act and
any other applicable antitrust laws shall not have expired or been terminated,
or (3) at any time

on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the acceptance for
payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer, any of the following conditions exist:

             (i) there shall be instituted or pending any action or proceeding
      by any Governmental Entity:

                  (a) challenging or seeking to make illegal, to delay
           materially or otherwise directly or indirectly to restrain or
           prohibit the making of the Offer or the Merger, the acceptance for
           payment of, or the payment for, some of or all the Shares by Williams
           or Purchaser or the consummation by Williams or Purchaser of the
           Merger or seeking to obtain material damages,

                  (b) seeking to restrain or prohibit Williams' or Purchaser's
           ownership or operation (or that of their respective subsidiaries or
           affiliates) of all or any material portion of the business or assets
           of Barrett Resources and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of
           Williams and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to compel
           Williams or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to dispose of or
           hold separate all or any material portion of the business or assets
           of Barrett Resources and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of
           Williams and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,

                  (c) seeking to impose material limitations on the ability of
           Williams or any of its subsidiaries effectively to exercise full
           rights of ownership of the Shares, including, without limitation, the
           right to vote any Shares acquired or owned by Williams or any of its
           subsidiaries or affiliates on all matters properly presented to
           Barrett Resources' stockholders, or

                  (d) seeking to require divestiture by Williams or any of its
           subsidiaries of any Shares; or

             (ii) there shall be any action taken, or any statute, rule,
      regulation, injunction, order or decree enacted, enforced, promulgated,
      issued or deemed applicable to the Merger Agreement, the Offer or the
      Merger, by any governmental entity that is reasonably likely, directly or
      indirectly, to result in any of the consequences referred to in clauses
      (a) through (d) of paragraph (i) above, subject thereto; or

             (iii) Barrett Resources shall have breached or failed to perform in
      any material respect any of its covenants, obligations or agreements under
      the Merger Agreement; or

             (iv) the representations and warranties of Barrett Resources set
      forth in the Merger Agreement that are qualified as to materiality shall
      not be true and correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of
      the expiration of the Offer (including any extension thereof) (except to
      the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such
      earlier date), or any of the representations and warranties set forth in
      the Merger Agreement that are not so qualified as to materiality shall not
      be true and correct in any material respect as of the date of the Merger
      Agreement and as of the expiration of the Offer (except to the extent
      expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier
      date); provided that this condition shall not be deemed to exist unless
      any such breaches of representation or warranty (without regard to any
      "Materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" or similar qualifier or
      threshold), individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably
      be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger
      Agreement) on Barrett Resources; or

             (v) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance
      with its terms; or

             (vi) the Board of Directors of Barrett Resources (or any committee
      thereof) shall have made a Subsequent Determination (as defined in the
      Merger Agreement) with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (as defined in
      the Merger Agreement);

which, in the good faith judgment of Williams, in any such case, makes it
inadvisable to proceed with acceptance for payment, or payment for, Shares in
the Offer.

      
The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Williams and
Purchaser and may, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, be waived by
Williams and Purchaser in their reasonable discretion in whole at any time or in
part from time to time.
The failure by Williams or Purchaser at any time to
exercise its rights under any of the foregoing conditions shall not be deemed a
waiver of any such right; the waiver of any such right with respect to
particular facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver with respect to
any other facts and circumstances, and each such right shall be deemed an
ongoing right which may be asserted at any time or from time to time.

      
A public announcement may be made of a material change in, or waiver of,
such conditions and the Offer may, in certain circumstances, be extended in
connection with any such change or waiver.
Purchaser may not waive the Minimum
Condition without the written consent of Barrett Resources.

      
Purchaser acknowledges that the SEC believes that (a) if Purchaser is
delayed in accepting the Shares it must either extend the Offer or terminate the
Offer and promptly return the Shares and (b) the circumstances in which a delay
in payment is permitted are limited and do not include unsatisfied conditions of
the Offer, except with respect to most required regulatory approvals.

15.
LEGAL MATTERS; REQUIRED REGULATORY APPROVALS.

      
GENERAL.  
Based upon an examination of publicly available information with
respect to Barrett Resources and the representations and warranties of Barrett
Resources contained in the Merger Agreement, neither Purchaser nor Williams is
aware of any license or other regulatory permit that is material to the business
of Barrett Resources and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which might be
adversely affected by the acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the
Offer or the Merger, or, except as set forth below, of any approval or other
action by any domestic (federal or state) or foreign governmental,
administrative or regulatory authority or agency which would be required prior
to the acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer or the Merger.

Should any such approval or other action be required, it is Purchaser's and
Williams' present intention to seek such approval or action.
Purchaser does not
currently intend, however, to delay the purchase of Shares tendered pursuant to
the Offer pending the outcome of any such action or the receipt of any such
approval.
There is no assurance (i) that any such approval or other action, if
needed, would be obtained without substantial conditions, (ii) that adverse
consequences might not result to the business of Barrett Resources, Purchaser or
Williams, (iii) that certain parts of the businesses of Barrett Resources,
Purchaser or Williams might not have to be disposed of or held separate or (iv)
that other substantial conditions complied with in order to obtain such approval
or other action or in the event that such approval was not obtained or such
other action was not taken.
Purchaser's obligation under the Offer to accept for
payment and pay for Shares is subject to certain conditions, including
conditions relating to the legal matters discussed in this Section 15.
See
Section 14, "Conditions of the Offer.
"

      STATE TAKEOVER LAWS.  
A number of states throughout the United States have
enacted takeover statutes that purport, in varying degrees, to be applicable to
attempts to acquire securities of corporations that are incorporated or have
assets, stockholders, executive offices or places of business in those states.

In 1982, in Edgar v. MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States held
that the Illinois Business Takeover Act, which involved state securities laws
that made the takeover of certain corporations more difficult, imposed a
substantial burden on interstate commerce and was therefore unconstitutional.

However, in 1987, in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of America, the Supreme Court
of the United States held that a state may, as a matter of corporate law and, in
particular, those laws concerning corporate governance, constitutionally
disqualify a potential acquirer from voting on the affairs of a target
corporation without prior approval of the remaining stockholders; provided that
the laws were applicable only under certain conditions.

      
Section 203 of the DGCL limits the ability of a Delaware corporation to
engage in business combinations with "interested stockholders" (defined
generally as any person that directly or indirectly beneficially owns 15% or
more of the outstanding voting stock of the subject corporation) for three years
following the date such person became an "interested stockholder," unless, among
other things, the board of directors of the subject corporation has given its
prior approval of either the transaction in which such

person became an interested stockholder or the business combination.
Barrett
Resources has represented in the Merger Agreement that it approved the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
Merger, and has taken all appropriate action so that neither Williams nor
Purchaser will be an "interested stockholder" within the meaning of Section 203
of the DGCL by virtue of Williams, Purchaser and Barrett Resources entering into
the Merger Agreement and consummating the transactions contemplated thereby.

      
Barrett Resources, directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in
a number of states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted
takeover laws.
Purchaser does not know whether any of these laws will, by their
terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger and has not attempted to comply with any
such laws.
Should any person seek to apply any state takeover law, Purchaser
will take such action as then appears desirable, which may include challenging
the validity or applicability of any such statute in appropriate court
proceedings.
In the event it is asserted that one or more state takeover laws is
applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and an appropriate court does not
determine that it is inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer, Purchaser
might be required to file certain information with, or receive approvals from,
the relevant state authorities.
In addition, if enjoined, Purchaser might be
unable to accept for payment any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be
delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer and the Merger.
In such case,
Purchaser may not be obligated to accept for payment any Shares tendered.
See
Section 14, "Conditions of the Offer.
"

      BARRETT RESOURCES BYLAWS.  
Article IV of the Barrett Resources Bylaws
restricts certain business combinations involving Interested Persons (as defined
in the Barrett Resources Bylaws).
On May 7, 2001, the Barrett Resources Board
waived such restrictions by Independent Director Approval (as defined in the
Barrett Resources Bylaws), such that the restrictions do not and will not apply
with respect to or as a result of the Merger Agreement or the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger.

      ANTITRUST.  
Under the HSR Act and the rules that have been promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition
transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been
furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust
Division") and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been
satisfied.
The acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer is
subject to such requirements.

      
Barrett Resources and Williams expect to file Premerger Notification and
Report Forms in connection with the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer
with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on or about May 16, 2001.
Under the
provisions of the HSR Act applicable to the Offer, the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the Offer may not be consummated until the expiration of a
15-calendar day waiting period following the filing by Williams.
Accordingly, if
the forms are filed on May 16, 2001, the waiting period under the HSR Act
applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer will expire at 11:59
p.m., eastern time, on May 31, 2001, unless such waiting period is earlier
terminated by the FTC and the Antitrust Division or extended by a request from
the FTC or the Antitrust Division for additional information or documentary
material prior to the expiration of the waiting period.
If the acquisition of
Shares is delayed pursuant to a request by the FTC or the Antitrust Division for
additional information or documentary material pursuant to the HSR Act, the
purchase of and payment for Shares will be deferred until 10 days after the
request is substantially complied with, unless the extended period expires on or
before the date when the initial 15-day period would otherwise have expired, or
unless the waiting period is sooner terminated by the FTC and the Antitrust
Division.
Only one extension of such waiting period pursuant to a request for
additional information is authorized by the HSR Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder, except by court order.
Any such extension of the waiting period will
not give rise to any withdrawal rights not otherwise provided for by applicable
law.
See Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights".
It is a condition to the Offer that the
waiting period applicable under the HSR Act to the Offer expire or be
terminated.
See Section 14, "Conditions of the Offer".
So long as the Merger
Agreement is in effect and any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has
not expired or been terminated, Purchaser is obligated to extend the Offer from
time to time for a period or successive periods.

      
The FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality
under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the proposed acquisition of
Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and the Merger.
At any time before or
after the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer by Purchaser, the FTC or the
Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as they deem
necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or seeking the divestiture of Shares
purchased by Purchaser or the divestiture of substantial assets of Williams,
Barrett Resources or their respective subsidiaries.
Private parties and state
attorneys general may also bring legal action under federal or state antitrust
laws under certain circumstances.
Based upon an examination of information
available to Williams relating to the businesses in which Williams, Barrett
Resources and their respective subsidiaries are engaged, Williams and Purchaser
believe that the Offer will not violate the applicable antitrust laws.

Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on
antitrust or competition grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is
made, what the final result would be.
See Section 14, "Conditions of the Offer".

      
In addition, the antitrust and competition laws of certain foreign
jurisdictions require (or, in some instances, provide for on a voluntary basis)
notification of the transaction and the observance of pre-consummation waiting
periods.
Barrett Resources and Williams will make any such required filings, if
any (and, if deemed in Barrett Resources' and Williams' interests, any such
voluntary filings), with the appropriate antitrust and competition authorities
contemporaneously with their filings under the HSR Act or shortly thereafter.

Based upon an examination of information available to Williams relating to the
businesses in which Williams, Barrett Resources and their respective
subsidiaries are engaged, Williams and Purchaser believe that the Offer will not
violate any such foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Nevertheless, there can
be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer will not be made on antitrust or
competition grounds or, if such a challenge were made, what the final result
would be.


16.
FEES AND EXPENSES.

      
Williams and Purchaser retained Merrill Lynch to act as Dealer Manager in
connection with the Offer, for which Merrill Lynch will be paid $250,000 upon
execution of the agreement with respect to Merrill Lynch's engagement as Dealer
Manager, and an additional $250,000 upon completion of the Offer in addition to
reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
Williams has also retained
Merrill Lynch to render financial advisory services to Williams and Purchaser
concerning the acquisition of Barrett Resources, including rendering a fairness
opinion to the Board of Directors of Williams, for which Merrill Lynch will
receive customary compensation.
Williams has also agreed to indemnify Merrill
Lynch against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with its
engagement, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

      
Merrill Lynch has provided financial advisory and financing services to
Williams and its affiliates in the past and may continue to render such
services, for which they have received and may continue to receive customary
compensation from Williams and its affiliates.
In the ordinary course of
business, Merrill Lynch and its affiliates are engaged in securities trading and
brokerage activities as well as investment banking and financial advisory
services.
In the ordinary course of their trading and brokerage activities,
Merrill Lynch and its affiliates may hold positions, for their own account and
for the accounts of customers, in equity, debt or other securities of Williams
or Barrett Resources.

      
We have retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. as Information
Agent in connection with the Offer.
The Information Agent may contact holders of
Shares by mail, telephone, telex, telegraph and personal interview and may
request brokers, dealers and other nominee stockholders to forward material
relating to the Offer to beneficial owners of Shares.
We will pay the
Information Agent reasonable and customary compensation for these services in
addition to reimbursing the Information Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses.
We have agreed to indemnify the Information Agent against certain
liabilities and expenses in connection with the Offer, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws.

      
In addition, we have retained EquiServe as the Depositary.
We will pay the
Depositary reasonable and customary compensation for its services in connection
with the Offer, will reimburse the Depositary

for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will indemnify the Depositary
against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under
the federal securities laws.

      
Except as set forth above, we will not pay any fees or commissions to any
broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the
Offer.
We will reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies
and other nominees, upon request, for customary clerical and mailing expenses
incurred by them in forwarding offering materials to their customers.

17.
MISCELLANEOUS.

      
We are not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is
prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid state
statute.
If we become aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of
the Offer or the acceptance of the Shares, we will make a good faith effort to
comply with that state statute.
If, after a good faith effort, we cannot comply
with the state statute, we will not make the Offer to, nor will we accept
tenders from or on behalf of, the holders of Shares in that state.
In any
jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to
be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on
behalf of Purchaser by the Dealer Manager or one or more registered brokers or
dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

      
We have filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO,
together with exhibits, furnishing certain additional information with respect
to the Offer, and may file amendments to our Schedule TO.
Our Schedule TO and
any exhibits or amendments may be examined and copies may be obtained from the
SEC in the same manner as described in Section 8 with respect to information
concerning Barrett Resources, except that copies will not be available at the
regional offices of the SEC.


WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANY PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON OUR BEHALF NOT CONTAINED IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE OR IN THE
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

      
Neither the delivery of the Offer to Purchase nor any purchase pursuant to
the Offer will under any circumstances create any implication that there has
been no change in the affairs of Williams, Purchaser, Barrett Resources or any
of their respective subsidiaries since the date as of which information is
furnished or the date of this Offer to Purchase.

                                          
Resources Acquisition Corp.

May 14, 2001

                                   SCHEDULE I

           DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF WILLIAMS AND PURCHASER

      A.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF WILLIAMS.  
The following table
sets forth the name and present principal occupation or employment, and material
occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five years of each
director and executive officer of Williams.
None of the directors and officers
of Williams listed below has, during the past five years, (i) been convicted in
a criminal proceeding or (ii) been a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the
person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal
or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state
securities laws.
Unless otherwise indicated below, each occupation set forth
opposite each person refers to employment with Williams.
The business address of
each such person is c/o
The Williams Companies, One Williams Center, Tulsa, OK
74172, and each such person is a citizen of the United States of America.


1. DIRECTORS OF WILLIAMS

                                       DIRECTOR OF    CURRENT
                                        WILLIAMS       TERM     CURRENT POSITION AND PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND AGE                              SINCE       EXPIRES        MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING LAST FIVE YEARS
- ------------                           -----------    -------   
--------------------------------------------------------

Hugh M. Chapman, 68..................     1999         2002     Director of Williams since 1999.
Chairman of the Board
                                                                of Nations Bank South until 1997.
Director of SCANA
                                                                Corporation, West Point Stevens and Print Pack, Inc.
Frank T. MacInnis, 54................     1998         2002     Director of Williams since 1998.
Chairman and Chief
                                                                Executive Officer of EMCOR Group, Inc. since 1994.
                                                                
Chairman of the Board of ComNet Communications, Inc. and
                                                                director of UTT Corporation.

Peter C. Meinig, 61..................     1993         2002     Director of Williams since 1993.
Chairman and Chief
                                                                Executive Officer of HM International, Inc. Chairman of
                                                                Windsor Food Company, Ltd. and Ninth House, Inc.
Janice D. Stoney, 60.................     1999         2002     Director of Williams since 1999.
Director of Whirpool
                                                                Corporation and Bridges Investment Fund.

Keith E. Bailey, 59..................     1998         2003     Director of Williams since 1988.
Chairman of the Board
                                                                of Williams since 1994.
President of Williams since
                                                                1992.
Chief Executive Officer of Williams since 1994.
                                                                
Chairman of the Board of Williams Communication Group,
                                                                Inc. until April 23, 2001.
Director of Purchaser since
                                                                2001.

William E. Green, 64.................     1998         2003     Director of Williams since 1998.
Founder of and Attorney
                                                                at William Green and Associates, a California law firm,
                                                                and Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of
                                                                Information Network Radio Inc.

                                       DIRECTOR OF    CURRENT
                                        WILLIAMS       TERM     CURRENT POSITION AND PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND AGE                              SINCE       EXPIRES        MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING LAST FIVE YEARS
- ------------                           -----------    -------   --------------------------------------------------------

W.R. Howell, 65......................     
1997         2003     Director of Williams since 1997.
Chairman of the Board
                                                                and Chief Executive Officer of J.C. Penney until 1996.
                                                                
Chairman Emeritus of J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Director
                                                                of Exxon Mobil Corporation, Warner-Lambert Company,
                                                                Bankers Trust, Halliburton Company and Central
                                                                Southwest.

James C. Lewis, 68...................     1978         2003     Director of Williams since 1978.
Chairman of the Board
                                                                of Optimus Corporation.
Director of CFT.

George A. Lorch, 59..................     2001         2003     Director of Williams since 2001.
Chairman Emeritus of
                                                                Armstrong Holdings, Inc. Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                                Executive Officer of Armstrong World Industries, Inc.
                                                                until 2000.
Board member of Pfizer, Household
                                                                International and R.R. Donnelly.

Glenn A. Cox, 71.....................     1992         2004     Director of Williams since 1992.
Director of Helmerich
                                                                and Payne, Inc.
Thomas H. Cruikshank, 69.............     1990         2004     Director of Williams since 1990.
Chairman of and Chief
                                                                Executive Officer of Halliburton Company until 1996.
                                                                
Director of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and Lehman
                                                                Bros.
Holding, Inc.
Charles M. Lillis, 59................     2000         2004     Director of Williams since 2000.
Co-founder and
                                                                principal of LoneTree Partners.
Chairman of the Board
                                                                and Chief Executive Officer of MediaOne Group from 1995
                                                                until 2000.
Director of SUPERVALU Inc. and Agilera, Inc.
Gordon R. Parker, 65.................     1987         2004     Director of Williams since 1987.
Director of
                                                                Caterpillar, Inc. and Phelps Dodge Corporation.

Joseph H. Williams, 67...............     1969         2004     Director of Williams since 1969.
Director of The
                                                                Prudential Insurance Co. of America.


2. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF WILLIAMS


Except as set forth below, all of the officers of Williams have been employed by
Williams or its subsidiaries as officers or otherwise for more than five years
and have had no other employment during the period.

                                       
OFFICER OF
                                        WILLIAMS     CURRENT POSITION AND PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND AGE                             SINCE            MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING LAST FIVE YEARS
- ------------                           ----------    --------------------------------------------------------

Keith E. Bailey, 59..................     1994       Director of Williams since 1988.
Chairman of the Board
                                                     of Williams since 1994.
President of Williams since
                                                     1992.
Chief Executive Officer of Williams since 1994.
                                                     
Chairman of the Board of Williams Communications Group,
                                                     Inc. until April 23, 2001.
Director of Purchaser since
                                                     2001.

Michael P. Johnson, Sr., 53..........     2000       Executive Officer of Williams since 2000.
Senior Vice
                                                     President of Human Resources of Williams.
Director of
                                                     Williams Communications Group, Inc. until April 23,
                                                     2001.
Prior to 2000 and for more than five year prior to
                                                     joining Williams held various officer positions with
                                                     Amoco Corporation.

Jack D. McCarthy, 58.................     1992       Executive Officer of Williams since 1992.
Senior Vice
                                                     President of Finance (Principal Financial Officer) of
                                                     Williams.
Director of Williams Communications Group,
                                                     Inc. until April 23, 2001.

William G. von Glahn, 57.............     1996       Executive Officer of Williams since 1996.
Senior Vice
                                                     President and General Counsel of Williams.

Gary R. Belitz, 51...................     1992       Executive Officer of Williams since 1992.
Controller
                                                     (Principal Accounting Officer) of Williams.

Steven J. Malcolm, 52................     1998       Executive Officer of Williams since 1998.
Executive Vice
                                                     President of Williams since March 2001.
President and
                                                     Chief Executive Officer of Williams Energy Services, LLC
                                                     since 1998.
Director of Williams Communications Group,
                                                     Inc. until April 23, 2001.
Director of Purchaser since
                                                     2001.

Cuba Wadlington, Jr., 57.............     2000       Executive Officer of Williams since 2000.
President and
                                                     Chief Executive Officer of Williams Gas Pipeline Company
                                                     LLC since 2000.
Director of Williams Communications
                                                     Group, Inc. until April 23, 2001.

      
B.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PURCHASER.  
The following table
sets forth the name and present principal occupation or employment, and material
occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five years of each
director and executive officer of Purchaser.
None of the directors and officers
of Purchaser listed below has, during the past five years, (i) been convicted in
a criminal proceeding or (ii) been a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the
person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal
or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state
securities laws.
Unless otherwise indicated below, each occupation set forth
opposite each person refers to employment with Williams.
The business address of
each such person is c/o
The Williams Companies, One Williams Center, Tulsa, OK
74172, and each such person is a citizen of the United States of America.


1. DIRECTORS OF PURCHASER

                                       DIRECTOR OF
                                        PURCHASER     CURRENT POSITION AND PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND AGE                              SINCE            MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING LAST FIVE YEARS
- ------------                           -----------    --------------------------------------------------------

Keith E. Bailey, 59..................  
May 2001       Director of Purchaser since 2001.
Director of Williams
                                                      since 1988.
Chairman of the Board of Williams since
                                                      1994.
President of Williams since 1992.
Chief Executive
                                                      Officer of Williams since 1994.
Chairman of the Board of
                                                      Williams Communications Group, Inc. until April 23,
                                                      2001.

Stephen J. Malcolm, 52...............  
May 2001       Director of Purchaser since 2001.
Executive Vice
                                                      President of Williams since March 2001.
Executive
                                                      Officer of Williams since 1998.
President and Chief
                                                      Executive Officer of Williams Energy Services, LLC since
                                                      1998.
Director of Williams Communications Group, Inc.
                                                      until April 23, 2001.

Ralph A. Hill, 41....................  
May 2001       Director of Purchaser since 2001.
Senior Vice President
                                                      of Williams Energy Services, LLC since 1998.
General
                                                      Manager of Exploration and Production of Williams Energy
                                                      Services, LLC since 1996.


2. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PURCHASER

                                       DIRECTOR OF
                                        PURCHASER     CURRENT POSITION AND PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND AGE                              SINCE            MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING LAST FIVE YEARS
- ------------                           -----------    --------------------------------------------------------

Steven J. Malcolm, 52................  
May 2001       President of Purchaser since 2001.
Executive Vice
                                                      President of Williams since March 2001.
Executive
                                                      Officer of Williams since 1998.
President and Chief
                                                      Executive Officer of Williams Energy Services, LLC since
                                                      1998.
Director of Purchaser since 2001.
Director of
                                                      Williams Communications Group, Inc. until April 23,
                                                      2001.

James G. Ivey, 49....................  
May 2001       Treasurer of Purchaser since 2001.
Treasurer of Williams
                                                      since 1995.

Ralph A. Hill, 41....................  
May 2001       Senior Vice President of Purchaser since 2001.
Director
                                                      of Purchaser since 2001.
Senior Vice President of
                                                      Williams Energy Services, LLC since 1998.
General
                                                      Manager of Exploration and Production of Williams Energy
                                                      Services, LLC since 1996.

Bryan K. Guderian, 41................  
May 2001       Vice President of Purchaser since 2001.
Vice President
                                                      of Williams Production Company, LLC since 1998.
Director
                                                      of Land & Gas Management, Williams Production Company,
                                                      1996-1998.

      
Facsimile copies of Letters of Transmittal, properly completed and duly
executed, will be accepted.
The appropriate Letter of Transmittal, certificates
for Shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each
stockholder of Barrett Resources or his broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust
company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth
below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

           By Mail:                  By Overnight Courier:                 
By Hand:
    Attn: Corporate Actions         Attn: Corporate Actions         Attn: Corporate Actions
        P.O. Box 43025                40 Campanelli Drive       Securities Transfer & Reporting
   Providence, RI 02940-3025          Braintree, MA 02184               Services, Inc.
                                                                         c/o EquiServe
                                                                 100 William Street, Galleria
                                                                      New York, NY 10038

                                 By Facsimile:
                        (for Eligible Institutions only)

                                 (781) 575-4826

                        Confirm Facsimile By Telephone:

                                 (781) 575-4816

      You may direct questions and requests for assistance to the Information
Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective telephone numbers and addresses
set forth below.
You may obtain additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the
Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other tender offer
materials from the Information Agent as set forth below and they will be
furnished promptly at our expense.
You may also contact your broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the
Offer.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                          
[Georgeson Shareholder logo]

                          17 State Street, 10th Floor
                            New York, New York 10004
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 440-9800
                   All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 223-2064

                      The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

                              MERRILL LYNCH & CO.

                          Four World Financial Center
                            New York, New York 10080
                          Call Collect: (212) 236-3790

EX-99.A.2

y48988ex99-a_2.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                                                 Exhibit (a)(2)

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)

              PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE DATED
MAY 14, 2001

                                       OF

                         BARRETT RESOURCES CORPORATION
                                       TO

                          RESOURCES ACQUISITION CORP.,
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     THE OFFER, PRORATION PERIOD AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00
MIDNIGHT, EASTERN TIME, ON MONDAY, JUNE 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

            By Mail:                     By Overnight Courier:                    
By Hand:
     Attn: Corporate Actions            Attn: Corporate Actions            Attn: Corporate Actions
         P.O. Box 43025                   40 Campanelli Drive               Securities Transfer &
    Providence, RI 02940-3025             Braintree, MA 02184             Reporting Services, Inc.
                                                                                C/O EquiServe
                                                                        100 William Street, Galleria
                                                                             New York, NY 10038

                                             By Facsimile:
                                   (for Eligible Institutions only)
                                            (781) 575-4826
                                    Confirm Facsimile By Telephone:
                                            (781) 575-4816

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)                          SHARE CERTIFICATE(S)
ENCLOSED
(PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK EXACTLY AS NAME(S) APPEAR(S) ON SHARE CERTIFICATE(S)  
(ATTACH ADDITIONAL SIGNED LIST IF NECESSARY)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                        SHARE             NUMBER OF SHARES
                                                                               CERTIFICATE NUMBER(S)*        TENDERED**
                                                                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                                               ----------------------------------------------

                                                                               ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL SHARES
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * Certificate numbers are not required if tender is made by book-entry
   transfer.


**
If you desire to tender fewer than all Shares represented by a certificate
   listed above, please indicate in this column the number of Shares you wish to
   tender.
Otherwise, all Shares represented by such certificate will be deemed
   to have been tendered.
See Instruction 4.

                               LOST CERTIFICATES

[ ]  I have lost my Certificates that represented ________
Shares and require
     assistance in obtaining replacement Certificates.
I understand that I must
     contact the EquiServe, the Transfer Agent for Barrett Resources, to obtain
     instructions for replacing lost Certificates.
Call EquiServe at
     1-800-736-3001.
(See Instruction 9.)

      DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET
FORTH ABOVE, OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER
THAN AS LISTED ABOVE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.
YOU MUST SIGN THIS
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WHERE INDICATED BELOW.

      
THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

      
This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders of Barrett
Resources Corporation if certificates ("Share Certificates") representing shares
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, (including the associated Rights (as
defined herein), the "Shares"), are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an
Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) is utilized, if delivery
of Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. ("EquiServe" or the "Depositary") at The
Depositary Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility") pursuant to the
procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase dated May 14, 2001
(the "Offer to Purchase").
DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY'S PROCEDURES DOES
NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.

      
Stockholders whose Share Certificates are not immediately available or who
cannot deliver their Share Certificates and all other required documents to the
Depositary on or prior to the expiration date of the Offer or who are unable to
complete the procedure for book-entry transfer prior to the expiration date of
the Offer may nevertheless tender their Shares pursuant to the guaranteed
delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.
See
Instruction 2 below.


NOTE:  SIGNATURE(S)
MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.
PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS SET
       FORTH IN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY.


[ ]  CHECK HERE
IF SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO AN
     ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY
     AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
     Name of Tendering Institution:
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Provide Account Number and Transaction Code Number:

     Account Number:
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Transaction Code Number:
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ] CHECK HERE IF CERTIFICATES FOR TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT
    TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND
    COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING.
PLEASE ENCLOSE A PHOTOCOPY OF SUCH NOTICE OF
    GUARANTEED DELIVERY.
    Name(s) of Registered Holder(s):
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Window Ticket Number (if any):
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
    
--------------------------------------------------------------
    Name of Institution which Guaranteed Delivery:
    -------------------------------------------------------------------

IF DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, CHECK
BOX:  [ ]

Account Number:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transaction Code Number:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

      
The undersigned hereby tenders to Resources Acquisition Corp.,
("Purchaser"), a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of The
Williams Companies, Inc. ("Williams"), the above-described shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (including the associated Rights (as defined
below), the "Shares"), of Barrett Resources Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Barrett Resources"), pursuant to Purchaser's offer to purchase 16,730,502
Shares at $73.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated
May 14, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
and in this Letter of Transmittal (which, as amended or supplemented from time
to time, together with the Offer to Purchase constitute the "Offer").
As used
herein, "Rights" means the preferred stock purchase rights associated with the
Shares and outstanding under the Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") dated
as of August 5, 1997 by and between Barrett Resources and Fleet National Bank,
as successor to BankBoston, N.A., as Rights Agent, as amended.
Unless the
context otherwise requires, all references to Shares shall be deemed to include
the associated Rights, and all references to the Rights shall be deemed to
include the benefits that may inure to holders of the Rights pursuant to the
Rights Agreement.

      
Subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of the Shares
tendered herewith, in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers to or upon the order of Purchaser all right,
title and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered hereby and
all dividends, non-cash distributions (including, without limitation,
distributions of additional Shares) and any rights declared, paid or distributed
in respect of such Shares on or after May 7, 2001 (collectively,
"Distributions") and irrevocably appoints EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the
"Depositary"), as the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the
undersigned with respect to such Shares and all Distributions, with full power
of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power
coupled with an interest), to (i) deliver certificates representing Shares
("Share Certificates") and all Distributions, or transfer ownership of such
Shares and all Distributions on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility, together, in either case, with all accompanying evidences of
transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of Purchaser; (ii) present such
Shares and all Distributions for transfer on the books of Barrett Resources; and
(iii) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial
ownership of such Shares and all Distributions, all in accordance with the terms
of the Offer.

      
Barrett Resources has distributed one Right for each outstanding Share
pursuant to the Rights Agreement.
The Rights are currently evidenced by and
trade with certificates evidencing the Shares.
Barrett Resources has taken such
action so as to make the Rights Agreement inapplicable to Williams, Purchaser
and their respective affiliates and associates in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase).

      
The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints each of William G. von Glahn
and Jack D. McCarthy as agent, attorney-in-fact and proxy of the undersigned,
each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote in such manner
as such attorney and proxy or his substitute shall, in his sole discretion, deem
proper and otherwise act (by written consent or otherwise) with respect to all
the Shares tendered hereby which have been accepted for payment by Purchaser
prior to the time of such vote or other action and all Shares and other
securities issued in Distributions in respect of such Shares, which the
undersigned is entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders of Barrett
Resources (whether annual or special and whether or not an adjourned or
postponed meeting) or consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise.
This
proxy and power of attorney is coupled with an interest in the Shares tendered
hereby, is irrevocable and is granted in consideration of, and is effective
upon, the acceptance for payment of such Shares by Purchaser in accordance with
the terms of the Offer.
Such acceptance for payment shall revoke all other
proxies and powers of attorney granted by the undersigned at any time with
respect to such Shares (and all Shares and other securities issued in
Distributions in respect of such Shares), and no subsequent proxy or power of
attorney shall be given or written consent executed (and if given or executed,
shall not be effective) by the undersigned with respect thereto.
The undersigned
understands that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately
upon Purchaser's acceptance of such Shares for payment, Purchaser or its
designee must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with
respect to such Shares and Distributions, including, without limitation, voting
at any meeting of Barrett Resources' stockholders.

      
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares
tendered hereby and all Distributions, and that when such Shares are accepted
for payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and
unencumbered title thereto and to all Distributions, free and clear of all
liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances, and that none of such Shares or
Distributions will be subject to any adverse claim.
The undersigned, upon
request, shall execute and deliver all additional documents deemed by the
Depositary or Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale,
assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions.
In
addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary
for the account of Purchaser all Distributions in respect of the Shares tendered
hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and pending such
remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, Purchaser shall be
entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution and may
withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby, or deduct from
such purchase price, the amount or value of such Distribution as determined by
Purchaser in its sole discretion.

      
No authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall be affected
by, and all such authority shall survive, the death or incapacity of the
undersigned.
All obligations of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon
the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable.
See
Section 4 in the Offer to Purchase.

      
The undersigned understands that tenders of Shares pursuant to any one of
the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the
instructions hereto will constitute the undersigned's acceptance of the terms
and conditions of the Offer.
Purchaser's acceptance of such Shares for payment
will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and Purchaser upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, as well as the
undersigned's representation and warranty to Purchaser and Barrett Resources
that (i) the undersigned has a net long position in the Shares or equivalent
securities being tendered within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and (ii) the
tender of such Shares complies with Rule 14e-4 of the Exchange Act.
Without
limiting the foregoing, if the price to be paid in the Offer is amended in
accordance with the Offer, the price to be paid to the undersigned will be the
amended price notwithstanding the fact that a different price is stated in this
Letter of Transmittal.
The undersigned recognizes that under certain
circumstances set forth in the Offer to Purchase, Purchaser may not be required
to accept for payment any of the Shares tendered hereby.

      
Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box entitled "Special Payment
Instructions," please issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares
purchased, and return all Share Certificates not purchased or not tendered in
the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing above in the box entitled
"Description of Shares Tendered."
Similarly, unless otherwise indicated in the
box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions," please mail the check for the
purchase price of all Shares purchased and all Share Certificates not tendered
or not purchased (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es)
of the registered holder(s) appearing above in the box entitled "Description of
Shares Tendered."
In the event that the boxes entitled "Special Payment
Instructions" and "Special Delivery Instruction" are both completed, please
issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and return all
Share Certificates not purchased or not tendered in the name(s) of, and mail
such check and Share Certificates to, the person(s) so indicated.
Unless
otherwise indicated herein in the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions,"
please credit any Shares tendered hereby and delivered by book-entry transfer,
but which are not purchased, by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility.
The undersigned recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation, pursuant
to the Special Payment Instructions, to transfer any Shares from the name of the
registered holder(s) thereof if Purchaser does not purchase any of the Shares
tendered hereby.

      
The undersigned understands that Purchaser reserves the right to transfer
or assign, in whole at any time, or in part from time to time, to one or more of
its affiliates, the right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve
Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the
rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered
and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer.

      
The undersigned understands that Purchaser is offering to purchase
16,730,502 shares, and that in the event that more than 16,730,502 Shares are
validly tendered and not withdrawn as of the Expiration Date (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) and proration of tendered Shares is required, because of the
difficulty of determining the precise

number of Shares properly tendered and not withdrawn (due in part to the
guaranteed delivery procedure described under Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase), the Purchaser does not expect that it will be able to announce the
final results of such proration or pay for any Shares until at least five New
York Stock Exchange trading days after the Expiration Date.
Preliminary results
of proration will be announced by press release as promptly as practicable after
the Expiration Date.
Stockholders may obtain such preliminary information from
the Information Agent and may be able to obtain such information from their
brokers.
Tendering stockholders will not receive payment for Shares accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer until the final proration factor is known.

                          
SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if Share Certificates not tendered or purchased and/or
the check for the purchase price of the Shares purchased are to be issued in the
name of and sent to someone other than the undersigned, or if Shares tendered by
book-entry transfer which are not purchased are to be returned by credit to an
account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility other than the account
indicated above.


Issue:

       [ ] Check

           and/or

       [ ] Share Certificates

Name:
- -----------------------------------------------
                                    (PLEASE PRINT)


Address:
- ---------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

- ------------------------------------------------------
              (TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NO.
OR SOCIAL SECURITY NO.)
                   (ALSO COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 BELOW)

[ ] Credit unpurchased Shares tendered by book-entry transfer to the Book-Entry
    Transfer Facility account set forth below:

- ------------------------------------------------------
                                (ACCOUNT NUMBER)

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if Share Certificates not tendered or not purchased
and/or the check for the purchase price of the Shares purchased are to be sent
to someone other than the undersigned, or to the undersigned at an address other
than that shown above.


Mail:

       [ ] Check

           and/or

       [ ] Share Certificates

Name:
- -----------------------------------------------
                                    (PLEASE PRINT)


Address:
- ---------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

- ------------------------------------------------------
             (TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION CODE OR SOCIAL SECURITY NO.)

                                   SIGN HERE
                   (AND PLEASE COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          (SIGNATURE(S) OF HOLDER(S))


Dated:
- --------------------------- , 2001

(Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on Share
Certificate(s) and/or certificates representing Rights, if any, or on a security
position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) by
Share Certificates and documents transmitted herewith.
If a signature is by an
officer on behalf of a corporation or by an executor, administrator, trustee,
guardian, attorney-in-fact, agent or other person acting in a fiduciary or
representative capacity, please provide the following information.
See
Instructions 1 and 5.)

Name(s):------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Name of Firm:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Capacity (full title):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

(Area Code)
Telephone Number:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security No.:
           ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                           (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

                           
GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                   (IF REQUIRED -- SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)


Authorized Signature:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Name of Firm:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Address:
-
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Zip Code:
- ------------------------------

(Area Code) Telephone No.:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dated:
- --------------------------- , 2001

                                  INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

      To complete the Letter of Transmittal, you must do the following:

      - Fill in the box entitled "Description of Shares Being Tendered.
"

      - Sign and date the Letter of Transmittal in the box entitled "Sign Here."

      - Fill in and sign in the box entitled "Substitute Form W-9" (or, if you
        are a foreign stockholder, request and complete an appropriate Form W-8
        in lieu of Substitute Form W-9).
"

      In completing the Letter of Transmittal, you may (but are not required to)
also do the following:

      - If you want the payment for any Shares purchased issued in the name of
        another person, complete the box entitled "Special Payment
        Instructions.
"

      - If you want any certificate for Shares not tendered or Shares not
        purchased, including as a result of proration, issued in the name of
        another person, complete the box entitled "Special Payment
        Instructions.
"

      - If you want any payment for Shares or certificate for Shares not
        tendered or purchased, including as a result of proration, delivered to
        an address other than that appearing under your signature, complete the
        box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions.
"

      - If you complete the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or
        "Special Delivery Instructions," you must have your signature guaranteed
        by an Eligible Institution (as defined in Instruction 1 below) unless
        the Letter of Transmittal is signed by an Eligible Institution.

      
1.  GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURES.  
All signatures on this Letter of Transmittal
must be guaranteed by a bank, broker, dealer, credit union, savings association
or other entity that is a member in good standing of the Securities Transfer
Agents Medallion Program (an "Eligible Institution"), unless (i) this Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of
this document, shall include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of Shares) of the
Shares tendered hereby and such holder(s) has not completed either the box
entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions" herein or (ii) such Shares are tendered for the account of an
Eligible Institution.
If a Share Certificate is registered in the name of a
person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal, or if payment
is to be made or a Share Certificate not accepted for payment and not tendered
is to be returned to a person other than the registered holder(s), then such
Share Certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers,
in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear
on such Share Certificate, with the signatures on such Share Certificate or
stock powers guaranteed as described above.
See Instruction 5.

      
2.  DELIVERY OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND SHARE CERTIFICATES.  
This Letter
of Transmittal is to be used either if Share Certificates (or certificates
representing Rights ("Rights Certificates") if any) are to be forwarded herewith
or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined below) is used, if Shares are to be
delivered by book-entry transfer pursuant to the procedure set forth in Section
3 of the Offer to Purchase.
Share Certificates representing all physically
tendered Shares, or confirmation of a book-entry transfer, if such procedure is
available, into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
("Book-Entry Confirmation") of all Shares delivered by book-entry transfer
together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or
facsimile thereof), or an Agent's Message in the case of book-entry transfer,
and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be received
by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein prior to the
Expiration Date of the Offer.
If Share Certificates are forwarded to the
Depositary in multiple deliveries, a properly completed and duly executed Letter
of Transmittal must accompany each such delivery.

      
Stockholders whose Share Certificates (and/or Rights Certificates, if any)
are not immediately available, who cannot deliver their Share Certificates
and/or Rights Certificates and all other required documents to the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or who cannot complete the procedure
for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis may tender their Shares
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure described in Section 3 of the

Offer to Purchase.
Pursuant to such procedure: (i) such tender must be made by
or through an Eligible Institution; (ii) a properly completed and duly executed
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form made available by
Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of
the Offer; and (iii) the Share Certificates representing all physically
delivered Shares in proper form for transfer by delivery, or Book-Entry
Confirmation of all Shares and Rights delivered by book-entry transfer, in each
case together with a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly
completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the
case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message), and any other documents
required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary
within three New York Stock Exchange trading days after the date of execution of
such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, all as described in Section 3 of the Offer
to Purchase.

      
The term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of the
Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has
received an express acknowledgment from the participants in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant has received this
Letter of Transmittal and agrees to be bound by the terms of this Letter of
Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such agreement against such
participant.

      
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, SHARE CERTIFICATES,
RIGHTS CERTIFICATES, IF ANY, AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING
DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION AND RISK OF
THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN
ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION).
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL
WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED.
IN ALL CASES,
SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

      
No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no
fractional Shares will be purchased.
By execution of this Letter of Transmittal
(or facsimile hereof), all tendering stockholders waive any right to receive any
notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment.

      
3.  INADEQUATE SPACE.  
If the space provided herein under "Description of
Shares Tendered" is inadequate, the certificate numbers, the number of Shares
represented by such Share Certificates and the number of Shares tendered should
be listed on a separate signed schedule and attached hereto.

      
4.  PARTIAL TENDERS (NOT APPLICABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS WHO TENDER BY
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER).  
If fewer than all the Shares represented by any Share
Certificate delivered to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered hereby, fill
in the number of Shares which are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of
Shares Tendered."
In such cases, a new certificate representing the remainder of
the Shares that were represented by the Share Certificates delivered to the
Depositary herewith will be sent to each person signing this Letter of
Transmittal, unless otherwise provided in the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions" herein, as soon as practicable after the expiration or termination
of the Offer.
All Shares represented by Share Certificates delivered to the
Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

      
5.  
SIGNATURES ON LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, STOCK POWERS AND ENDORSEMENTS.

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as
written on the face of the Share Certificates evidencing such Shares without
alteration, enlargement or any other change whatsoever.

      
If any Share tendered hereby is owned of record by two or more persons,
each such person must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

      
If any of the Shares tendered hereby are registered in the names of
different holders, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many
separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of such
Shares.

      
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares tendered hereby, no endorsements of Share Certificates or separate stock
powers are required, unless payment is to be made to, or Share Certificates not
tendered or not purchased are to be issued in the name of, a person other than
the registered holder(s), in which case, the Share Certificate(s) representing
the Shares tendered hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock
powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s)

appear on such Share Certificate(s).
Signatures on such Share Certificate(s) and
stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

      
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the Share Certificate(s)
representing the Shares tendered hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the
registered holder(s) appear(s) on such Share Certificate(s).
Signatures on such
Share Certificate(s) and stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution.

      
If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificate or stock power is signed
by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a
corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity,
such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to
Purchaser of such person's authority to so act must be submitted.

      
6.  STOCK TRANSFER TAXES.  
Except as otherwise provided in this
Instruction 6, Barrett Resources will pay all stock transfer taxes with respect
to the sale and transfer of any Shares to Purchaser or Purchaser's order
pursuant to the Offer.
If, however, payment of the purchase price of any Shares
purchased is to be made to, or Share Certificate(s) representing Shares not
tendered or not purchased are to be issued in the name of, a person other than
the registered holder(s), the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether
imposed on the registered holder(s), such other person or otherwise) payable on
account of the transfer to such other person will be deducted from the purchase
price of such Shares purchased, unless evidence satisfactory to Barrett
Resources of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is submitted.

      
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 6, IT WILL NOT BE NECESSARY FOR
TRANSFER TAX STAMPS TO BE AFFIXED TO THE SHARE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING THE
SHARES TENDERED HEREBY.

      
7.  SPECIAL PAYMENT AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS.  
If a check for the
purchase price of any Shares tendered hereby is to be issued, or Share
Certificate(s) representing Shares not tendered or not purchased, including as a
result of proration, are to be issued, in the name of a person other than the
person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or if such check or any such Share
Certificate is to be sent to someone other than the person(s) signing this
Letter of Transmittal or to the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal but
at an address other than that shown in the box entitled "Description of Shares
Tendered" herein, the appropriate boxes in this Letter of Transmittal must be
completed.
Stockholders delivering Shares tendered hereby by book-entry transfer
may request that Shares not purchased be credited to the account maintained at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such stockholder may designate in the box
entitled "Special Payment Instructions" herein.
If no such instructions are
given, all such Shares not purchased will be returned by crediting the same
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as the account from which such
Shares were delivered.

      
8.  WAIVER OF CONDITIONS.  
Except as otherwise set forth in the Offer to
Purchase, the conditions of the Offer may be waived, in whole or in part, by
Purchaser, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, in the
case of any Shares tendered.
See Section 14 of the Offer to Purchase.

      
9.  
LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN CERTIFICATES.  
If any Share Certificate(s)
have been lost, destroyed or stolen, the stockholder should promptly contact
EquiServe at 1-800-736-3001 for instructions as to the procedures for replacing
the Share Certificate(s).
This Letter of Transmittal and related documents
cannot be processed until the lost, destroyed or stolen certificates have been
replaced and the replacement Share Certificates have been delivered to the
Depositary in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer
to Purchase and the instructions contained in this Letter of Transmittal.

      
10.  QUESTIONS AND REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE OR ADDITIONAL
COPIES.  
Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the
Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective addresses or
telephone numbers set forth below.
Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase,
this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines
for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may
be obtained from the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager or from brokers,
dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

      
11.  
BACKUP WITHHOLDING; SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9; FORM W-8.  
Each tendering
stockholder is required to provide the Depositary with a correct Taxpayer
Identification Number ("TIN") on the Substitute Form W-9 which is

provided under "Important Tax Information" below, and to certify, under
penalties of perjury, (1) that such number is correct, (2) that such stockholder
is not subject to backup withholding of Federal income tax and (3) that such
stockholder is a U.S. person.
If a tendering stockholder has been notified by
the Internal Revenue Service that such stockholder is subject to backup
withholding, such stockholder must cross out item (2) of the Certification box
of the Substitute Form W-9, unless such stockholder has since been notified by
the Internal Revenue Service that such stockholder is no longer subject to
backup withholding.
Failure to provide the requisite information on the
Substitute Form W-9 may subject the tendering stockholder to a $50 penalty
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service and to 31% Federal income tax
withholding on the payment of the purchase price of all Shares purchased from
such stockholder.
If the tendering stockholder has not been issued a TIN and has
applied for one or intends to apply for one in the near future, such stockholder
should write "Applied For" in the space provided for the TIN in Part I of the
Substitute Form W-9, and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9 and the
Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number.
If "Applied For" is
written in Part I and the Depositary is not provided with a TIN by the time of
the payment of purchase price to the tendering stockholder pursuant to the
Offer, the Depositary will withhold 31% on such payment.
Each foreign
stockholder must complete and submit an appropriate Form W-8 in order to be
exempt from the 31% Federal income tax backup withholding due on payments with
respect to the Shares.


IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR FACSIMILE THEREOF), TOGETHER WITH ANY
REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, AN
AGENT'S MESSAGE, AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE
DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER, AND EITHER SHARE CERTIFICATES
FOR TENDERED SHARES MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SHARES MUST BE
DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, IN EACH CASE PRIOR
TO THE EXPIRATION DATE OF THE OFFER, OR THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER MUST COMPLY
WITH THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY.

                           
IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

      Under federal income tax law, a stockholder whose tendered Shares are
accepted for payment is required to provide the Depositary (as payer) with such
stockholder's correct TIN on Substitute Form W-9 below.
If such stockholder is
an individual, the TIN is his or her social security number.
If a tendering
stockholder is subject to backup withholding, such stockholder must cross out
item (2) of the Certification box on the Substitute Form W-9.
If the Depositary
is not provided with the correct TIN, the stockholder may be subject to a $50
penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.
In addition, payments that are
made to such stockholder with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer
may be subject to backup withholding.

      
Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations, and
certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and
reporting requirements.
In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an
exempt recipient, that stockholder must submit an appropriate Form W-8
certifying to that individual's foreign status.
Appropriate Forms W-8 can be
obtained from the Depositary.
An exempt stockholder, other than a foreign
individual, should furnish its TIN, write "Exempt" on the face of the Substitute
Form W-9 below, and sign, date and return the Substitute Form W-9 to the
Depositary.
See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional instructions.

      
If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 31%
of any payments made to the stockholder.