URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/64978/000095012301503123/0000950123-01-503123.txt

-25-

                                   THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         On March 20, 2001, Dr. Stephen Friend, President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of Rosetta met with representatives of Merck at Merck's
headquarters in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey and presented certain
technologies of Rosetta and various areas of potential collaboration.
Dr.
Anthony Ford-Hutchinson, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Research of Merck
Research Laboratories, subsequently held various additional telephonic
conversations with Dr. Friend between March 20 and March 30, 2001 to discuss the
areas of interest for potential collaborations between Merck and Rosetta and
other matters.
During the course of these conversations, Dr. Ford-Hutchinson
asked Dr. Friend if Rosetta would be willing to explore a relationship broader
than a collaboration between the parties.
Dr. Friend indicated that due to
Rosetta's advanced discussions with multiple potential collaborative partners,
if Merck were interested in a transaction that would be broader than a research
collaboration, Merck would need to expedite the process of assessing its
interest.
Thereafter, representatives of Merck and Rosetta continued to have
additional telephonic conversations regarding possible transactions between the
two companies.

         
On April 17, 2001, representatives of Merck visited Rosetta's
facilities and received presentations on certain of Rosetta's scientific
capabilities.
Also on this date, Dr. Ford-Hutchinson met with Dr. Friend and
indicated that Merck was interested in exploring the possibility of acquiring
Rosetta.

         
On April 18, 2001, Rosetta engaged
Lazard Freres & Co. LLC to provide
strategic and financial advice in connection with the potential sale of Rosetta.

         
From April 17 to April 24, 2001, Dr. Friend discussed Merck's interest
in acquiring Rosetta with each member of Rosetta's board of directors and with
representatives of Lazard.
The executive committee of Rosetta's board of
directors authorized Dr. Friend to proceed with exploring Merck's interest in a
potential acquisition.

         
Between April 17 and 24, 2001, a number of conversations were held
between various representatives of Rosetta and Merck during which the parties
discussed Rosetta's willingness to review the level of Merck's interest and
commitment to a potential acquisition transaction, and to ascertain whether
Rosetta should expend the management time and effort necessary to entertain the
possibility of a business combination transaction.
Merck suggested that a
potential acquisition price would be approximately $14 per share.
At this time,
Dr. Friend stated that any potential acquisition price would have to be higher
than Rosetta's initial public offering price of $14.00 per share.
On April 23,
2001, representatives of Merck informed Dr. Friend that Merck was optimistic
that the parties could reach agreement on price and that Merck was willing to
move rapidly forward in discussing a potential acquisition.

          
On the morning of April 24, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors held a
special meeting via teleconference to discuss Merck's interest in acquiring
Rosetta.
At this meeting, representatives of Lazard presented certain
preliminary financial analyses with

                                      -26-

respect to the valuation of Rosetta.
In addition, Rosetta's management discussed
with Rosetta's board of directors its interpretation of Merck's preliminary
indication of interest as implying a purchase price of $14.00 per share.

Following an extended discussion, the board of directors authorized senior
management to, among other things, attempt to negotiate a higher price before
allowing Merck to proceed with due diligence.
At the direction of Rosetta's
board of directors, Lazard communicated to Merck that a higher price than that
initially discussed by the parties would be required for Rosetta to enter into
further negotiations with Merck regarding a potential transaction, and that the
consideration would need to be Merck common stock.

         
During the afternoon of April 24, 2001, representatives of Merck and
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merck's financial advisor, indicated to Lazard that
Merck would be willing to offer up to $18 per share of Rosetta common stock
payable in Merck common stock, valued as of the signing of a definitive
agreement.
Merck's indication of interest was conditioned on certain
stockholders of Rosetta entering into voting and option agreements, certain
employees entering into employment agreements to be effective upon consummation
of a transaction, and the inclusion in any definitive agreement of termination
fee and non-solicitation provisions.
Merck's proposal was also conditioned upon
Rosetta providing Merck with an exclusivity period and a grant of a
non-exclusive license to Merck with respect to specified intellectual property
of Rosetta to be effective upon the signing of a definitive agreement.
Lazard
then provided Rosetta's management with a detailed summary of their discussions
with Merck and J.P. Morgan.

         
On the evening of April 24, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors again
held a special meeting via teleconferenece to further discuss Merck's possible
interest in a merger, including the fact that Merck had agreed to pay $18 per
share payable in Merck common stock, as well as details on the conditions to
Merck's indication of interest described above, which Rosetta's management had
previously conveyed to the board of directors.
At this meeting, Rosetta's board
of directors also authorized officers of Rosetta to (i) allow Merck to engage in
a due diligence review of Rosetta, (ii) conduct a due diligence review of
Merck's business operations and prospects, (iii) negotiate and enter into a
non-disclosure agreement with Merck, and (iv) negotiate the terms of an
exclusivity agreement with Merck.

         
Between April 24 and April 26, 2001, representatives of Lazard and J.P.
Morgan had numerous telephone conversations to discuss timing and potential
terms of a transaction between Rosetta and Merck including, among others, price,
form of consideration, structure of the transaction, termination and
non-solicitation provisions, stockholder voting and option agreements,
employment agreements, licensing arrangements, the treatment of outstanding
options to purchase Rosetta common stock and an exclusivity period.

         
On the afternoon of April 26, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors held a
special meeting via teleconference to ratify and confirm the terms of the
exclusivity agreement between Rosetta and Merck entered into earlier in the day.

Also on April 26, 2001, in accordance with its obligations under the exclusivity
agreement, Rosetta notified certain potential collaboration partners with which
it was then currently in discussions that Rosetta would have to immediately
cease further negotiations with regard to such collaborations.
Early in the
evening of April 26, 2001, Merck and Rosetta finalized their agreement regarding
nondisclosure issues.

                                      
-27-

         Between April 27 and May 10, 2001, representatives of Rosetta and
Merck, together with their respective legal and financial advisors, held
numerous meetings and teleconferences to discuss and review Rosetta's business,
Merck's due diligence investigation, and various other legal, financial and
regulatory issues.

         
On May 2, 2001, Merck's legal advisors delivered a draft merger
agreement and stockholder voting and option agreements to Rosetta and its
advisors.
From May 2 through May 10, 2001, representatives of Rosetta and Merck,
together with their respective legal and financial advisors, held a series of
discussions concerning mutually acceptable terms for the merger and the
stockholder voting and option agreements.
Merck also engaged in discussions with
various employees of Rosetta with respect to the terms of the employment
agreement that would govern their employment upon consummation of the merger.

         
On May 9, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors held a special meeting via
teleconference to review the status of negotiations and the terms and conditions
of the proposed merger and the voting and option agreements.
Outside counsel and
representatives of Lazard presented a detailed review of the terms of the
proposed merger agreement and stockholder voting and option agreements.

         
On May 10, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors met with senior
management and Rosetta's legal and financial advisors at a special meeting of
the board of directors held via teleconference to discuss the status of the
negotiations with Merck, Rosetta's due diligence review of Merck and the
directors' comments on the draft of the merger agreement and stock option and
voting agreement.
After senior management provided its views of the merger and
related matters, a representative of Lazard presented their analyses of various
items of information to serve as the basis for the board of directors evaluating
the proposed exchange ratio and orally informed the board of directors of its
opinion (subsequently confirmed in writing) that, as of such date, the exchange
ratio to be offered to the holders of Rosetta common stock (other than the
stockholders who entered into voting and option agreements) in the merger was
fair to such stockholders from a financial point of view.
See "The Merger --
Opinion of Financial Advisor to Rosetta."
Lazard also responded to questions
raised by members of Rosetta's board of directors regarding its analysis and
opinion.
Following the presentation, Rosetta's board of directors engaged in a
full discussion of the terms of the proposed merger, including the strategic
benefits of the merger, the terms and conditions of the proposed merger
agreement, including the licensing arrangement, the stockholder voting and
option agreements, the employment agreements required by Merck as a condition to
signing the merger agreement, and the analysis and opinion of Lazard.
Rosetta's
board of directors then concluded (by the unanimous vote of the directors) that
the merger agreement is fair to, and in the best interests of, Rosetta and its
stockholders.
Accordingly, on May 10, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors
approved the merger, the merger agreement and licensing arrangement, and the
voting and option agreements and related agreements, and authorized management
to proceed with the execution of the merger documents.

         
The merger agreement was signed by all parties late in the evening of
May 10, 2001.
Thereafter, prior to the commencement of trading on the Nasdaq
National Market on May 11, Rosetta and

                                      -28-

Merck issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger
agreement and the stockholder voting and option agreements.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE ROSETTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         
The following discussion of Rosetta's reasons for the merger contains a
number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of Rosetta
with respect to future events that may have an effect on its future financial
performance.
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.

Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes
discussed in the forward-looking statements.
Cautionary statements that identify
important factors that could cause or contribute to differences in results and
outcomes include those referred to in "Cautionary Statement Concerning
Forward-Looking Statements," "Risk Factors" and "Rosetta's Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations --
Risks Related to Rosetta and its Business.
"

         At the special meeting of Rosetta's board of directors held on May 10,
2001, the directors voted unanimously to approve and declare advisable the
merger agreement and the stockholder voting and option agreements and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, to direct that the adoption
of the merger agreement be submitted to a vote of Rosetta's stockholders and to
recommend that Rosetta's stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement.
In the
course of reaching its decision to enter into the merger agreement and the
voting and option agreements, Rosetta's board of directors consulted with its
senior management, outside legal counsel and financial adviser, reviewed a
significant amount of information and considered a number of factors, the most
relevant of which include the following:

         -   Merck's business reputation and global activities, together with
             its research and marketing capabilities and reputation, which
             Rosetta's board of directors believes places Merck and technology
             in a strong position to optimize the value of Rosetta's business
             and technology and to reflect that value in the price paid to the
             stockholders in the merger.

         -   That by combining complementary operations, the combined company
             would have better opportunities for future growth.

         -   The opportunity for Rosetta's stockholders to participate in a
             larger, more diversified organization and to benefit from the
             potential appreciation in the value of Merck's common stock.

         -   Information concerning the business, earnings, operations,
             competitive position and prospects of Rosetta and Merck both
             individually and on a combined basis.

         -   The opportunity for Rosetta stockholders to receive a significant
             premium over the existing market price for shares of Rosetta's
             common stock prior to the announcement of the merger and an even
             larger premium over the average market price for shares of
             Rosetta's common stock over the thirty days preceding the
             announcement.

                                      
-29-

         -   Information on the historical trading ranges of Rosetta's common
             stock and Merck's common stock.

         -   
The review of, and discussions with, Rosetta senior management,
             legal and financial advisors regarding certain business, financial,
             legal and accounting aspects of the merger, the results of the
             legal and financial due diligence and a review of the terms and
             conditions to the merger.

         -   
The opinion of Rosetta's financial adviser that, as of May 10,
             2001, and subject to the assumptions and limitations set forth in
             the fairness opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial
             point of view, to the holders of the outstanding shares of
             Rosetta's common stock (other than the stockholders who entered
             into voting and option agreements), and the financial presentation
             made by Rosetta's financial adviser to the board of directors of
             Rosetta in connection with the delivery of its opinion.

         -   
The potential strategic and financial alternatives to the merger
             available to Rosetta which could specifically facilitate its
             efforts to move to the next stage of development, beyond providing
             tools and software and into direct involvement with drug discovery.

         -   
The possibility, as alternatives to the merger, of seeking to
             acquire another company, seeking to engage in one or more joint
             ventures, seeking to raise additional capital, or seeking to engage
             in a business combination with an organization other than Merck.

         -   The likely impact of the merger on Rosetta's employees and
             customers.

         -   The expected effect of the merger on Rosetta's existing
             relationships with third party collaborators, including Agilent
             Technologies, Inc.

         -   The interests that certain executive officers and directors of
             Rosetta may have with respect to the merger, in addition to their
             interests as stockholders of Rosetta generally, as described in
             "The Merger -- Interests of Board of Directors and Executive
             Officers of Rosetta in the Merger."

         -   The fact that Rosetta may terminate the merger agreement upon
             receipt of a superior acquisition proposal, subject to the payment
             of specified termination fees.

         -   The fact that the parties intended for the  merger to qualify as a
             tax-free transaction for U. S. federal income tax purposes (except
             for tax resulting from any cash received for fractional shares by
             the holders of Rosetta's common stock) which would permit Rosetta's
             stockholders to receive Merck common stock in a tax-free exchange.

                                      
-30-

         Rosetta's board of directors also considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger.
The negative
factors considered by the board of directors of Rosetta included:

         -   The risk that the merger would not be completed in a timely manner
             or at all.

         -   The possible negative effects of the public announcement of the
             merger on Rosetta's sales, relationships with customers, research
             collaborators, suppliers and employees, and operating results.

         -   The fact that Rosetta stockholders will not receive the full
             benefit of any future growth in the value of their equity that
             Rosetta may have achieved as an independent company, and the
             potential disadvantage to Rosetta stockholders in the event that
             Merck does not perform as well in the future as Rosetta may have
             performed as an independent company.

         -   The substantial management time and effort that will be required to
             consummate the merger and integrate the operations of the two
             companies.

         -   
The possibility that certain provisions of the merger agreement,
             including, among others, the no solicitation and termination fee
             payment provisions of the merger agreement, the fact that certain
             officers, directors and significant stockholders of Rosetta
             executed stockholder voting and option agreements and the license
             granted to Merck regarding certain Rosetta technology, would likely
             have the effect of discouraging other persons potentially
             interested in merging with or acquiring Rosetta from pursuing such
             an opportunity.

         -   The other risks and uncertainties discussed above under "Risk
             Factors.
"

         The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by
the board of directors of Rosetta is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of
the wide variety of the material factors considered in connection with the
evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these matters, the board of
directors of Rosetta did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or
otherwise attempt to assign any relative weight to the various factors
considered.
In addition, the board of directors of Rosetta did not undertake to
make any specific determination as to whether any particular factor, or any
aspect of any particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to the ultimate
determination of the board of directors of Rosetta, but rather the board of
directors of Rosetta conducted an overall analysis of the factors described
above, including discussions with and questioning of Rosetta's senior
management, and legal and financial advisers.
In considering the factors
described above, individual members of the board of directors of Rosetta may
have given different weight to different factors.

         
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF ROSETTA HAS CONCLUDED THAT THE MERGER AND THE
MERGER CONSIDERATION ARE FAIR AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND
RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

                                      
-31-

OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO ROSETTA

         Under a letter agreement, dated April 18, 2001, Rosetta retained Lazard
Freres & Co.
LLC to act as its financial advisor.
As part of this engagement,
the board of directors of Rosetta requested that Lazard evaluate the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of Rosetta common stock (other
than the holders that entered into voting and stock option agreements with
Merck) of the exchange ratio to be offered to such holders in the merger.
On May
10, 2001, Lazard delivered to the board of directors of Rosetta its oral opinion
that, as of that date, the exchange ratio to be offered to the holders of
Rosetta common stock (other than the holders that entered into voting and stock
option agreements with Merck) in the merger was fair from a financial point of
view to such holders.
Lazard later confirmed its oral opinion by delivering a
written opinion dated May 10, 2001, which stated the considerations and
assumptions upon which its opinion was based.

         
THE FULL TEXT OF THE LAZARD OPINION IS ATTACHED HERETO AS ANNEX C AND
IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.
THE DESCRIPTION OF THE LAZARD OPINION SET
FORTH HEREIN IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE
LAZARD OPINION SET FORTH IN ANNEX C. ROSETTA STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE
LAZARD OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED,
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE
REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LAZARD IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.
LAZARD'S WRITTEN OPINION IS
DIRECTED TO THE ROSETTA BOARD AND ONLY ADDRESSES THE FAIRNESS OF THE EXCHANGE
RATIO FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW AS OF THE DATE OF THE OPINION.
LAZARD'S
WRITTEN OPINION DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE MERGER AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY ROSETTA STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW THE STOCKHOLDER
SHOULD VOTE ON ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER
AT ANY MEETING OF ROSETTA
STOCKHOLDERS HELD FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONSIDERING THE MERGER.
THE FOLLOWING IS
ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE LAZARD OPINION.
STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE ENTIRE
OPINION.

         
In the course of performing its review and analysis for rendering its
opinion, Lazard, among other things:

         -   reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the merger
             agreement;

         -   analyzed certain historical business and financial information
             relating to Rosetta and Merck;

         -   reviewed various financial forecasts and other data provided to
             Lazard by Rosetta relating to its business;

         -   held discussions with members of the senior management of Rosetta
             with respect to the business, prospects and the strategic
             objectives of Rosetta;

                                      -32-

         -   held discussions with members of the senior management of Merck
             with respect to the business, prospects and the strategic
             objectives of Merck and analyzed financial projections for Merck
             that were not provided by Merck, but were contained in certain
             securities analysts' research reports that were recommended for
             review by management of Merck;

         -   reviewed public information with respect to certain other companies
             in lines of business Lazard believed to be generally comparable to
             the businesses of Rosetta and Merck;

         -   reviewed the financial terms of certain business combinations
             involving companies in lines of business Lazard believed to be
             generally comparable to those of Rosetta;

         -   reviewed the historical stock prices and trading volumes of Rosetta
             common stock and Merck common stock; and

         -   conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations
             as were deemed appropriate.

         
Lazard relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all information
publicly available or reviewed by or discussed with Lazard.
Lazard did not
assume any responsibility for any independent verification of such information
or any independent valuation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities of
Rosetta or Merck, or concerning the solvency of, or issues relating to solvency
concerning, Rosetta or Merck.
Lazard also relied upon the advice of management
of Rosetta that the financial forecasts and other information that were provided
to or discussed with Lazard were reasonably prepared based on the best currently
available estimates and judgments of Rosetta management as to the future
financial performance of Rosetta.
Lazard assumed no responsibility for and
expressed no view as to such forecasts or the assumptions on which they were
based.

         
Lazard also assumed, with Rosetta's consent, that the merger would be
completed according to the terms of the merger agreement, without waiver of any
material term or condition contained in that agreement, and that the merger
would be accounted for as a purchase under U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.
In addition, Lazard assumed that obtaining the necessary
regulatory approvals for the merger would not have an adverse effect on Rosetta
and Merck.

         
Lazard was not asked to consider, and Lazard's opinion did not address,
the relative merits of the merger, any alternative potential transactions or
Rosetta's underlying decision to effect the merger.
Lazard noted that in
arriving at its opinion it was not asked to solicit, and did not solicit,
interest from any party with respect to the acquisition of Rosetta or any of its
assets.
Lazard also noted that its opinion was necessarily based upon
information available, and economic, monetary, stock market and other conditions
existing and disclosed, to Lazard as of the date of its opinion.
In addition,
Lazard noted that it expressed no opinion or view with respect to the licenses
to be granted by Rosetta to Merck and its affiliates pursuant to the merger

                                      -33-

agreement or with respect to any voting and stock option agreement entered into
by certain stockholders.

         
The following is a brief summary of the material financial and
comparative analyses which Lazard deemed to be appropriate for this type of
transaction and that were performed by Lazard in connection with providing to,
and reviewing with, the board of directors of Rosetta its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, at the meeting of the board of directors of
Rosetta on May 10, 2001.

         COMPARABLE PUBLICLY TRADED COMPANIES ANALYSIS.
Lazard performed a
comparable public companies analysis based on various financial multiples of
selected comparable companies in the biotechnology industry in order to derive a
range of implied per share values for Rosetta common stock.
In performing this
analysis, Lazard reviewed certain financial information for Rosetta and compared
such information to corresponding financial information, ratios and public
market multiples for fifteen (15) other biotechnology companies Lazard deemed to
be comparable, based on similarities in technology, development and market
capitalization, to Rosetta.
The companies included in this analysis were:

       -   Affymetrix, Inc.                  -   Incyte Genomics, Inc.

       -   Caliper Technologies Corp.        -   Lexicon Genetics Incorporated

       -   Celera Genomics Group of          -   LION Biosciences AG
               Applera Corp.

       -   DeCODE Genetics, Inc.             -   Nanogen, Inc.

       -   Exelixis, Inc.                    -   Orchid Biosciences, Inc.

       -   Gemini Genomics, Inc.             -   Paradigm Genetics, Inc.

       -   Genaissance                       -   Sequenom, Inc.
                Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

       -   Gene Logic Inc.

         Using publicly available information, Lazard calculated the following
multiples for the aforementioned comparable companies:

                                  LOW    MEDIAN   MEAN    HIGH
                                  ---    ------   ----    
----

Enterprise value as
a multiple of
2001E revenues                    2.66x   7.73x   8.95x  17.21x
2002E revenues                    1.53x   4.15x   4.91x  12.53x
2003E revenues                    1.00x   2.63x   3.38x   9.71x

         Using the multiples calculated in the comparable companies analysis,
Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $7.40 to $27.53 for
Rosetta common stock.

                                      
-34-

         SELECTED PRECEDENT TRANSACTION ANALYSIS.
Lazard performed a selected
precedent transactions analysis in order to derive a range of implied per share
values for Rosetta common stock based on transaction values expressed as
multiples of various financial measures in selected transactions.
Using publicly
available information, Lazard reviewed and analyzed certain financial and
operating data relating to the following precedent transactions which involved
biotechnology companies having platform technologies and that had transaction
values that ranged from $100 million to $1.5 billion:

         - Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated/Aurora Biosciences Corporation
         - Evotec BioSystems AG/Oxford Asymmetry International, Inc.
         - Pharmacia & Upjohn, Inc./SUGEN Inc.
         - Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Inc./Molecular Dynamics, Inc.
         - Arris Pharmaceutical Corporation/Sequana Therapeutics, Inc.
         - Novartis, Inc./SyStemix Inc.
         - Glaxo plc/Affymax N.V.

         Lazard compared, among other things, the transaction value of the
selected precedent transactions as a multiple of last twelve months ("LTM")
revenues:

                                 LOW     MEDIAN     MEAN      HIGH
                                 ---     ------     ----      
----

Transaction value as a
multiple of LTM revenues        6.37x    18.28x    23.37x    52.93x

         Based on the LTM revenues multiples from the selected precedent
transactions, Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $6.44 to
$20.63 for Rosetta common stock.

         
PREMIUMS PAID ANALYSIS.
Lazard performed a premiums paid analysis based
on premiums paid in the selected precedent transactions.
Using publicly
available data, Lazard calculated the following premium percentages paid in the
selected precedent transactions:

               PERCENT STOCK PREMIUM BEFORE TRANSACTION ANNOUNCEMENT DATE

                     LOW     MEDIAN     MEAN      HIGH
                     ---     ------     ----      
----

1 Day Before        34.8%     36.7%     47.4%     77.3%
1 Week Before       46.4%     48.5%     54.7%     76.5%
1 Month Before      23.4%     61.8%     61.6%    100.0%

         Using the range of premiums in the selected precedent transactions,
Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $12.49 to $16.85 for
Rosetta common stock.

         
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.
Lazard performed a discounted cash flow
analysis in order to derive a range of implied per share values for Rosetta
common stock based on the present value of expected future cash flows of
Rosetta.
The discounted cash flow analysis was based upon a range of exit
multiples of 2005E sales from 5.0x to 10.0x and a range of discount rates from
20% to 30%.
This range of discount rates is based on a weighted average cost of

                                      -35-

capital analysis from comparable publicly traded companies.
Using this analysis,
Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $9.66 to $20.02 for
Rosetta common stock.

         
CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS.
Lazard performed a contribution analysis in
order to evaluate the percentage contribution of each of Rosetta and Merck to
the combined company on a pro forma basis.
Lazard calculated the relative
contribution by both Rosetta and Merck to the combined company with respect to
certain projected financial data for Rosetta and Merck, including revenues,
earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) and net income, and compared these
results to the pro forma equity ownership of 0.34% by Rosetta and 99.66% by
Merck of the combined company (based on the transaction value of Rosetta and the
fully diluted public equity value of Merck).

         
The following table illustrates the relative contribution of both
Rosetta and Merck to the combined company:

                                                                ROSETTA                      MERCK
                                                                -------                      
-----

REVENUES:
- --------
2001E..........................................                   0.09%                      99.91%

2002E..........................................                   0.12%                      99.88%

2003E..........................................                   0.15%                      99.85%

2004E..........................................                   0.16%                      99.84%

2005E..........................................                   
0.18%                      99.82%

EBIT:
- ----
2001E..........................................                      NM                        NM

2002E..........................................                      NM                        NM

2003E..........................................                      NM                        NM

2004E..........................................                   
0.06%                      99.94%

2005E..........................................                   0.12%                      99.88%

NET INCOME:
- ----------
2001E..........................................                      NM                        NM

2002E..........................................                      NM                        NM

2003E..........................................                   0.02%                      99.98%

2004E..........................................                   0.18%                      99.82%

2005E..........................................                   
0.27%                      99.73%

EQUITY VALUES..................................                   0.34%                      99.66%

                                      -36-

         Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
Lazard reviewed the implied
exchange ratio of shares of Rosetta common stock to shares of Merck common stock
based on the closing prices of the shares from the initial public offering of
Rosetta in August 2000 through May 10, 2001 (the last trading day prior to the
announcement of the merger).

         
The following table illustrates the implied exchange ratio on the dates
or for the periods indicated:

                                IMPLIED EXCHANGE          AVERAGE IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
                                  RATIO AS OF                          FROM
                               ------------------    -------------------------------------------
                   MERGER
                   EXCHANGE    5/10/01     8/3/00    4/12/01    3/15/01    2/15/01     8/3/00
                    RATIO                 (AT IPO)  (30 DAYS)  (60 DAYS)  (90 DAYS)  (SINCE IPO)
                  ---------    -------    --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  -----------

EXCHANGE RATIO     0.2352x      0.130x     0.238x     0.119x     0.114x     0.112x     0.218x

         Lazard performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses solely
for the purpose of providing its opinion to the Rosetta board of directors that
the exchange ratio to be offered to the holders of Rosetta common stock (other
than the holders that entered into voting and stock option agreements with
Merck) is fair from a financial point of view.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily
susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description.
Accordingly,
notwithstanding the separate analyses summarized above, Lazard believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the
analyses or factors considered by it, without considering all such factors or
analyses, or attempting to ascribe relative weights to some or all such analyses
and factors could create an incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying
the Lazard opinion.

         
In its analyses, Lazard made numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Rosetta
and Merck.
The estimates contained in these analyses and the valuation ranges
resulting from any particular analysis do not necessarily indicate actual values
or predict future results or values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these analyses.
Lazard did not assign any
specific weight to any of the analyses described above and did not draw any
specific conclusions from or with regard to any one method of analysis.
In
addition, analyses relating to the value of the businesses or securities are not
appraisals and do not reflect the prices at which the businesses or securities
may actually be sold or the prices at which their securities may trade.
As a
result, these analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty.

         
No company or transaction used in any of the analyses is identical to
Rosetta, Merck or the merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the
foregoing necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial and operating characteristics of Rosetta and Merck and other factors
that could affect the public trading values or the announced merger transaction
values, as the case may be, of the companies to which they are being

                                      -37-

compared.
Mathematical analysis (such as determining the average or median) is
not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable transaction data or
comparable company data.

         
Lazard's opinion and financial analyses were not the only factors
considered by the Rosetta board of directors in its evaluation of the merger and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Rosetta board of
directors or Rosetta's management.
Lazard has consented to the inclusion of and
references to its opinion in this proxy statement/prospectus.

         
Under the terms of Lazard's engagement, Rosetta has agreed to pay
Lazard an advisory fee of approximately $6 million.
A substantial portion of
this fee will not be paid unless and until the merger is completed.
Rosetta has
agreed to reimburse Lazard for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in performing its services, including the fees and expenses of its legal
counsel.
In addition, Rosetta agreed to indemnify Lazard against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws relating to
or arising out of Lazard's engagement.

         
Lazard is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, leveraged
buyouts, and valuations for real estate, corporate and other purposes.
In the
ordinary course of its business, Lazard and its affiliates may from time to time
effect transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities, of
Rosetta or Merck for its own account and for the account of Lazard's customers.

Lazard was selected to act as investment banker to Rosetta because of its
expertise and its reputation in investment banking and mergers and acquisitions
and a strong presence in the healthcare industry.


INTERESTS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF ROSETTA IN THE MERGER

         Stockholders should be aware that certain officers, directors and
stockholders of Rosetta have interests in the merger or arrangements that are
different from, or in addition to, their interests as stockholders of Rosetta
generally.
As a result of these arrangements, the directors, executive officers
and interested stockholders of Rosetta could be more likely to vote in favor of
recommending approval of the merger and the merger agreement than if they did
not hold an interest in these arrangements.
These arrangements include:

         INTERESTS IN COMMON STOCK AND OPTIONS

         All options to purchase shares of Rosetta, including those held by any
officer or director of Rosetta, will be assumed by Merck and will become options
to acquire Merck common stock after the merger, with the number of shares
subject to the option and the option exercise price to be adjusted according to
the exchange ratio of 0.2352 shares of Merck common stock for each share of
Rosetta common stock.
Pursuant to the pre-existing terms of Rosetta's stock
option plans and agreements, the vesting under most of these options will be
accelerated upon the completion of the merger, so that 50% of the then unvested
shares will become vested in accordance with the terms of such option agreements
and the applicable option plan.
In addition, if an option holder is terminated
within 12 months of consummation of the merger, such holder's remaining unvested
options will accelerate and become fully vested.

                                      
-38-

         Pursuant to the pre-existing terms of Rosetta's 2000 Directors' Stock
Option Plan and individual stock option agreements, upon consummation of the
merger, all unvested options granted under the 2000 Directors' Stock Option Plan
will accelerate and become fully vested.
All options of non-employee directors
of Rosetta that would under their current terms expire 90 days after completion
of the merger will instead survive for two years after completion of the merger.

         
EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE ARRANGEMENTS

         In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Merck entered
into employment agreements with seven Rosetta employees contingent upon the
closing of the merger.
All agreements have a three year term beginning on the
date of the closing.
Thereafter, all employees' employment continues on at
"at-will" basis.
All agreements provide termination arrangements, parachute
limitations, inaugural stock option grants and 2002 stock option grants on the
terms described below with respect to Dr. Friend, except as otherwise provided
below.
In addition, all agreements extinguish any severance arrangements the
employees may have had with Rosetta.

         
The agreement for Dr. Stephen Friend provides that as of closing, Dr.
Friend will become President, Rosetta & Vice President Basic Research, Merck
Research Laboratories, and his base salary will begin at $275,000 per year, to
be reviewed annually.
He will receive a guaranteed bonus under Merck's annual
incentive plan that will not be less than $100,000 for the payment made in March
of 2002.
In March of 2003 and 2004, the bonus under Merck's annual incentive
plan will not be less than $110,000 and $120,000, respectively.

         
Effective as of the date of the Closing, Dr. Friend is to receive an
inaugural stock option grant to purchase 10,000 shares of Merck common stock
under the Merck & Co., Inc. 2001 Incentive Stock Plan with an exercise price
equal to 100% of the fair market value of the shares determined on the date of
the closing.
Fifty percent of the inaugural stock option grant vests on the
closing's third anniversary and the remainder vests on its fourth anniversary,
in each case so long as Dr. Friend is employed by Merck at such time.
Dr. Friend
also will be recommended to receive an option to purchase not less than 15,000
shares of Merck common stock under the 2001 incentive stock plan at the same
time that annual grants are made in 2002, on the same terms and conditions then
in effect for other annual grants to similarly situated employees.

         
If Dr. Friend relocates to the Pennsylvania/New Jersey area within 12
months of consummation of the merger, Dr. Friend will receive relocation
assistance commensurate with the relocation package provided to other senior
executives of Merck.

         
The agreement provides termination arrangements as follows: if Dr.
Friend's employment is terminated during the employment term by Merck without
Cause or by Dr. Friend for Good Reason (each as defined in the agreement), Dr.
Friend is to receive the following: (1) a severance payment equal to the larger
of (x) the remainder of base salary through to the end of the employment term
calculated at the salary in effect on the date employment terminates plus any
unpaid bonus(es) under the annual incentive plan or (y) one year's pay at the
base salary in

                                      -39-

effect on the date employment terminates plus any unpaid bonus(es) under the
annual incentive plan; (2) the inaugural stock option grant will vest in its
entirety on the day before employment so terminates and will expire unless
exercised by 11:59 p.m. on the day before the same day of the third month after
the date of the termination; and (3) provided that he is eligible for and timely
elects to continue medical coverage in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, Merck will pay the applicable COBRA premiums
until the earlier of (x) the date which is the later of (I) the end of the
Employment Term and (II) the first anniversary of such termination; and (y) the
date COBRA coverage otherwise terminates as provided by law.

         
The agreement provides a "parachute limitation" as follows: if any
payment or benefit provided under the agreement constitutes a "parachute
payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended and but for this limitation would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor Code section or
corresponding provision of state income tax law), then such payment or benefit
will be either delivered in full, or delivered to such lesser extent which would
result in no portion of such payment or benefit being subject to excise tax
under Code Section 4999, whichever amount, taking into account the applicable
federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Code Section
4999, results in the receipt by Dr. Friend on an after-tax basis of the greater
amount of such payment or benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of
such benefits may be taxable under Code Section 4999.

         
Except as described below, the agreements between Merck and the other
employees are substantially similar to Dr. Friend's agreement.
However, only Dr.
Friend's agreement provides for reimbursement of relocation costs.
The agreement
for Dr. Mark S. Boguski identifies him as Rosetta's Senior Vice President,
Genomics and provides that his base salary will begin at $218,750 per year, to
be reviewed annually.
His guaranteed bonus under Merck's annual incentive plan
will not be less than $80,000, $90,000 and $100,000 for the payments made in
March of 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively.
He will receive an inaugural stock
option grant to purchase 8,000 shares of Merck common stock and will be
recommended for a 2002 stock option grant of 10,000 shares of Merck common
stock.

         
The agreement for Mr. John J. King II identifies him as Rosetta's
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and provides that his base salary
will begin at $218,750 per year, to be reviewed annually.
His guaranteed bonus
under Merck's annual incentive plan will not be less than $80,000, $90,000 and
$100,000 for the payments made in March of 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively.
He
will receive an inaugural stock option grant to purchase 8,000 shares of Merck
Common stock and will be recommended for a 2002 stock option grant of 10,000
shares of Merck common stock.

         
The agreement for Dr. Roland Stoughton identifies him as Rosetta's
Senior Vice President, Informatics and provides that his base salary will begin
at $175,000 per year, to be reviewed annually.
His guaranteed bonus under
Merck's annual incentive plan will not be less than $40,000, $45,000 and $50,000
for the payments made in March of 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively.
He will
receive an inaugural stock option grant to purchase 3,250 shares of Merck Common
stock and will be recommended for a 2002 stock option grant of 4,500 shares of
Merck Common stock.

                                      
-40-

         Merck also entered into employment agreements with Dr. Peter Linsley,
Ms. Deborah Kessler and Dr. Dan Shoemaker, none of whom are currently executive
officers of Rosetta.

         
VULCAN LICENSE AND COLLABORATION AGREEMENTS

         Rosetta entered into a collaboration agreement on May 10, 2001 with
Vulcan Northwest Inc. for the creation of gene expression data and the analysis
and interpretation of such data.
Vulcan also agreed to purchase the Rosetta
Resolver Gene Expression Data Analysis System and licensed the Rosetta Resolver
Software as well as licensed certain third-party software provided by Rosetta.

Vulcan Northwest Inc. is an affiliate of Vulcan Ventures Inc., which owns
approximately 11.8% of Rosetta's outstanding common stock.
Ruth Kunath, one of
Rosetta's directors, is a Biotechnology Portfolio Manager of Vulcan Ventures
Inc.

         VOTING AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS

         In connection with the merger agreement, certain executive officers,
directors and significant stockholders of Rosetta entered into voting and stock
option agreements with Merck and Rosetta.
See "The Merger Agreement and Related
Documents -- Voting and Stock Option Agreements.
"

         INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

         Directors and executive officers of Rosetta have customary rights to
indemnification against certain liabilities under Delaware law and the charter
documents and bylaws of Rosetta.
In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement,
Merck has certain ongoing obligations to indemnify, and maintain insurance on
behalf of, the directors and executive officers of Rosetta with respect to
certain liabilities.
See "The Merger Agreement and Related Documents
- --Covenants.
"

         CONTINUATION OF ROSETTA EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND PLANS

         Following consummation of the merger, Merck has agreed to provide
generally to officers and employees of Rosetta and its subsidiaries employee
benefits under employee benefit plans on terms and conditions which are
substantially similar to those provided by Rosetta and its subsidiaries on the
date of the merger agreement or to those Merck provides to its officers and
employees.
See "The Merger Agreement and Related Documents -- Additional
Agreements."

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

         The merger will be accounted for by Merck under the purchase method.

Accordingly, the results of operations of Rosetta will be reflected in Merck's
consolidated results for periods from the date that the merger is consummated.

In addition, the aggregate purchase price of the acquisition (including the
value of Merck common shares issued, and equivalent stock options

                                      -41-

 assumed by Merck, as well as direct costs of the acquisition) will be allocated
based upon the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
Any
excess purchase price will be recorded as goodwill.
Under current generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States, goodwill is amortized on a
straight line basis over its appropriate useful life; however, under proposed
changes to the accounting rules, goodwill would no longer be amortized but
instead reviewed periodically for impairment.


DESCRIPTION OF MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

         The following is a description of material United States federal income
tax consequences of the merger.
Our description is not a comprehensive
description of all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you.
For
example, we have not described tax consequences that arise from rules that apply
only to some classes of taxpayers.
We also have not described tax consequences
that generally are assumed to be known by investors.
Our description is based
upon the Internal Revenue Code, the regulations of the United States Treasury
Department, and court and administrative rulings and decisions in effect on the
date of this proxy statement/prospectus, all of which are subject to change,
possibly retroactively, and any change could affect the continuing validity of
this description.

         
We assume that stockholders hold their shares of Rosetta stock as a
capital asset and do not address the tax consequences that may be relevant to a
particular stockholder in light of their individual circumstances or to
stockholders who are subject to special treatment under some United States
federal income tax laws, such as:

         -   banks;

         -   tax-exempt organizations;

         -   insurance companies;

         -   mutual funds;

         -   traders in securities who elect to apply a mark-to-market method of
             accounting;

         -   dealers in securities or foreign currencies;

         -   Rosetta stockholders who received their Rosetta stock through the
             exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation;

         -   Rosetta stockholders who are not U.S. persons; and

         -   Rosetta stockholders who held Rosetta stock as part of a hedge,
             straddle or conversion transaction.

         
We do not address any consequences arising under the laws of any state,
locality or foreign jurisdiction.
We also do not address any consequences of
transactions occurring prior to or after the merger (whether or not such
transactions are in connection with the merger).

                                      
-42-

         Neither Merck nor Rosetta has requested or will request an advance
ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to the tax consequences of the
merger.
It is a condition to the merger that each of Merck and Rosetta receive a
tax opinion from its respective tax counsel, dated as of the effective date of
the merger, to the effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The opinions
will be based on customary assumptions and factual representations made to
counsel by Merck and Rosetta in certificates to be delivered prior to closing,
and will assume that the merger will be completed according to the terms of the
merger agreement, without waiver or modification thereof.
The opinions neither
bind the Internal Revenue Service nor preclude it from adopting a contrary
position.
The following discussion of United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger assumes that the merger, if completed, will qualify
as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code for United States federal income tax purposes.

         
MERGER

         If we complete the merger:

         -   no gain or loss will be recognized by the stockholders of Rosetta
             who exchange their Rosetta common stock solely for Merck common
             stock, except with respect to cash, if any, they receive instead of
             a fractional share of Merck common stock;

         -   the aggregate tax basis of the Merck common stock received by
             Rosetta stockholders who exchange all of their Rosetta common stock
             for Merck common stock in the merger will be the same as the
             aggregate tax basis of the Rosetta common stock surrendered in the
             merger in exchange for Merck common stock, decreased by the amount
             of any tax basis allocable to any fractional share interest for
             which cash is received;

         -   the holding period of the Merck common stock received in the merger
             will include the holding period of the Rosetta stock surrendered in
             the merger in exchange for the Merck common stock; and

         -   Rosetta stockholders who receive cash instead of a fractional share
             of Merck common stock will recognize gain or loss equal to the
             difference between the amount of cash received and his or her tax
             basis in the Rosetta stock that is allocable to the fractional
             share.
That gain or loss generally will constitute capital gain or
             loss.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations
             for both individuals and corporations.


TAX MATTERS ARE VERY COMPLICATED, AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO EACH
ROSETTA STOCKHOLDER WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF THAT STOCKHOLDER'S PARTICULAR
SITUATION.
YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE SPECIFIC
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING TAX RETURN REPORTING REQUIREMENTS, THE
APPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX LAWS AND THE EFFECT OF
ANY PROPOSED CHANGES IN THE TAX LAWS.

                                      
-43-

REGULATORY MATTERS

         Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and the regulations promulgated there under, the merger may not be
consummated unless certain filings have been submitted to the Antitrust Division
of the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, and
certain waiting period requirements have expired or are otherwise earlier
terminated by the Antitrust Division and the FTC.
On May 18, 2001, we submitted
the required filings to the Antitrust Division and the FTC.

         
The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality
under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the merger.
At any time before
or after the consummation of the merger, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could
take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in
the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the consummation of the merger
or seeking the divestiture of substantial assets of Rosetta or Merck.
We believe
that the consummation of the merger will not violate the antitrust laws.
There
can be no assurance, however, that a challenge to the merger on antitrust
grounds will not be made, or, if such a challenge is made, what the result will
be.


FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; STOCK TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

         All Merck common shares issued in connection with the merger will be
freely transferable, except that any Merck common shares received by persons who
are deemed to be "affiliates" (as defined under the Securities Act) of Rosetta
prior to the merger may be sold by them only in transactions permitted by the
resale provisions of Rule 145 under the Securities Act, or Rule 144 under the
Securities Act with respect to persons who are or become affiliates of Merck, or
as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
Persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of Rosetta or Merck generally include individuals or entities that
control, are controlled by or are under common control with, Rosetta or Merck,
as the case may be, and generally include the executive officers and directors
of the companies and may also include their principal stockholders.

         
Affiliates of Rosetta may not sell Merck common shares acquired in
connection with the merger, except pursuant to an effective registration under
the Securities Act covering such shares or in compliance with Rule 145 under the
Securities Act (or Rule 144 under the Securities Act, in the case of persons who
become affiliates of Merck) or another applicable exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act.
In general, Rule 145 under the
Securities Act provides that for one year following the completion of the
merger, an affiliate of Rosetta (together with certain related persons) would be
entitled to sell Merck common shares acquired in connection with the merger only
through unsolicited "broker transactions" or in transactions directly with a
"market maker," as such terms are defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Additionally, the number of shares to be sold by an affiliate of Rosetta
(together with certain related persons and certain persons acting in concert)
within any three-month period for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act
may not exceed the greater of 1% of the outstanding Merck common shares or the
average weekly trading volume of Merck common shares during the four calendar
weeks preceding such sale.
Rule 145 under the Securities Act will remain
available to affiliates of Rosetta if Merck remains current with its
informational filings with the SEC under the Exchange Act.
One year after the
effective time of the merger, an affiliate of Rosetta will be

                                      -44-

able to sell such shares of Merck common stock without being subject to such
manner of sale or volume limitations, provided that Merck is current with its
Exchange Act informational filings and such affiliate is not then an affiliate
of Merck.
Two years after the effective time of the merger, an affiliate of
Rosetta will be able to sell such shares of Merck common stock without any
restrictions so long as such affiliate had not been an affiliate of Merck for at
least three months prior to the date of such sale.
It is not currently
anticipated that any Rosetta stockholders who are currently affiliates of
Rosetta will become affiliates of Merck after the merger.

                                      
-45-

                   THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED DOCUMENTS

         In this section of this proxy statement/prospectus, we describe the
material provisions of the merger agreement.
We have attached a copy of the
merger agreement as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus and incorporate
the merger agreement into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference.
The
summary of the merger agreement we provide below is qualified in its entirety by
reference to that agreement.
We encourage you to read the merger agreement
because it is the legal document that governs the merger.


STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

         A wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck will merge with Rosetta, with
Rosetta surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck.
If necessary
to obtain the tax opinions referred to under "The Merger Agreement and Related
Documents -- Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" below, Rosetta will be
merged into the Merck subsidiary instead, with the Merck subsidiary surviving
the merger.


EFFECTIVE TIME

         The merger will close at 10:00 a.m., local time, not later than the
second business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the merger
provided for in the merger agreement (see "The Merger Agreement and Related
Documents -- Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" below), unless we agree
to another time or date.

         
The merger will become effective when a certificate of merger is filed
by Merck and Rosetta with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at
any later time as we specify in the certificate of merger.


WHAT STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER

         In the merger, each outstanding share of Rosetta common stock will
convert into the right to receive 0.2352 shares of Merck common stock.
Cash will
be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Merck common stock.

         
Each outstanding share of Merck common stock will remain outstanding as
one Merck share and will not be converted in the merger.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

         In accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, because Merck is traded on
the New York Stock Exchange, no appraisal rights will be available to holders of
Rosetta common stock in connection with the merger.

                                      
-46-

PROCEDURES FOR SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

         After the completion of the merger, __________________, the exchange
agent for the merger, will send a letter of transmittal to each Rosetta
stockholder.
The letter of transmittal will contain instructions for the
surrender of Rosetta stock certificates.
DO NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH
THE ENCLOSED PROXY.

         
Upon surrender of stock certificates in accordance with the
instructions in the letter of transmittal, the surrendering stockholders will be
entitled to receive stock certificates representing the shares of Merck common
stock into which the shares of Rosetta stock represented by the surrendered
Rosetta stock certificates were converted in the merger, together with a cash
payment instead of any fractional shares of Merck common stock they would
otherwise be entitled to receive, as described below.

         
Rosetta stockholders who do not surrender their Rosetta stock
certificates will not receive dividends payable to Merck stockholders on any
date after the effective time of the merger.
When the Rosetta stock certificates
are finally surrendered, any of these unpaid dividends will be paid without
interest.

         
Rosetta's transfer books will be closed at the effective time of the
merger and no further transfers of shares of Rosetta stock will be recorded.
If
shares of Rosetta stock have been transferred and the transfer was not
registered in Rosetta's transfer books, a certificate representing the shares of
Merck common stock into which the transferred shares were converted in the
merger will be issued to the person to whom those shares were transferred,
together with a cash payment instead of fractional shares of Merck common stock,
if any, and any unpaid dividends in respect of those Merck shares, so long as
the stock certificates representing the transferred Rosetta shares are
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect the transfer and by
evidence of payment of any applicable stock transfer taxes.

         
We will not issue fractional shares of Merck common stock.
Instead, the
exchange agent will pay an amount in cash determined by multiplying the
applicable fractional share interest by the average of the closing prices for
the shares of Merck common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Transaction Reporting System as reported in The Wall Street Journal
over the five trading day period before the completion of the merger.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         In the merger agreement, we made various representations and warranties
to each other.
The representations made by Rosetta to Merck relate to, among
other things:

         -   corporate organization, qualification, standing and power;

         -   subsidiaries;

         -   capitalization;

                                      -47-

         -   enforceability of the merger documents, required consents and
             approvals (including board, stockholder and governmental) to
             complete the merger and whether entering into the merger will
             violate existing agreements;

         -   documents filed by Rosetta with the SEC;

         -   preparation of Form S-4 and compliance with securities laws;

         -   absence of material changes or events since December 31, 2000,
             other than changes relating to various excluded factors;

         -   litigation and disclosure of liabilities;

         -   contracts;

         -   compliance with applicable laws, permitting and licensing
             requirements;

         -   employee benefit matters;

         -   labor matters;

         -   environmental matters;

         -   title to properties;

         -   required corporate approvals;

         -   the inapplicability of state business combination laws to limited
             open market purchases of Rosetta stock by Merck;

         -   opinion of financial advisor;

         -   engagement of and payment of fees to brokers, investment bankers,
             finders or financial advisors in connection with the merger
             agreement;

         -   tax matters;

         -   restrictions on business activities; and

         -   intellectual property matters.

         
The representations made by Merck to Rosetta relate to, among other
things:

         -   capitalization of Coho Acquisition Corp.;

         -   corporate organization, qualification, standing and power;

                                      -48-

         -   enforceability of the merger documents, required consents and
             approvals (including board, stockholder and governmental) to
             complete the merger and whether entering into the merger will
             violate existing agreements;

         -   documents filed by Merck with the SEC;

         -   preparation of Form S-4 and compliance with securities laws;

         -   absence of material changes or events since December 31, 2000,
             other than changes relating to various excluded factors;

         -   litigation; and

         -   compliance with applicable laws.


COVENANTS

         CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

         Rosetta has agreed that, except as permitted or contemplated by the
merger agreement or as consented to by Merck, until the completion of the
merger, it will:

         -   conduct its business in all material respects in the ordinary
             course consistent with past practice (taking into account planned
             new scientific projects as communicated to Merck);

         -   use reasonable best efforts to preserve its business organization;

         -   use reasonable best efforts to keep available the services of its
             officers and other employees; and

         -   use reasonable best efforts to maintain its existing relations and
             goodwill with customers, suppliers, regulators, distributors,
             creditors, lessors and others having business dealings with it.

         
Rosetta and its subsidiaries are also generally prohibited from taking
any action outside of the parameters specified in the merger agreement relating
to the following matters without Merck's prior approval:

         -   amending its organizational documents;

         -   splitting, combining, subdividing or reclassifying its outstanding
             shares;

         -   declaring or paying dividends;

         -   repurchasing its shares;

                                      -49-

         -   entering into any agreement to dispose of, in the aggregate, a
             material amount of its assets or any material business or to
             acquire any assets or businesses;

         -   entering into any agreements or understandings relating to the
             research, collaboration, development, distribution, supply,
             license, co-promotion or manufacturing by third parties of products
             Rosetta or its subsidiaries own or license;

         -   selling, transferring, licensing or modifying any rights to Rosetta
             intellectual property;

         -   establishing, amending or accelerating rights or benefits under any
             agreement relating to severance or change-in-control, any employee
             plan or any employment or consulting agreement with current or
             former officers or directors or any collective bargaining
             agreements;

         -   increasing the compensation payable to any of its officers,
             directors or employees except in the ordinary course of the
             business;

         -   granting any severance or termination pay to any of its officers or
             directors except consistent with past practices;

         -   granting any stock options or other equity related awards except
             for grants to new employees consistent with past practice and at
             exercise prices not less than fair-market value of Rosetta common
             stock;

         -   issuing shares or convertible securities, except in connection with
             the exercise of options or the conversion of outstanding
             convertible securities;

         -   changing its accounting policies;

         -   taking any action to render inapplicable or to exempt any third
             party from any provision of its certificate of incorporation or
             applicable anti-takeover statutes;

         -   taking any action that would be reasonably likely to result in any
             of the conditions to the merger not being satisfied or that would
             impair Rosetta's ability to complete the transactions contemplated
             by the merger agreement;

         -   taking any action to cause Rosetta's shares of common stock to
             cease to be quoted on the Nasdaq National Market;

         -   releasing any third party from any confidentiality or standstill
             agreement;

         -   issuing any indebtedness having the right to vote together with the
             holders of its common stock;

         -   incurring any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than
             short-term borrowings under existing credit facilities) or issuing
             any debt securities or making any loans,

                                      -50-

             capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person,
             other than in the ordinary course of business;

         -   entering into any material agreement outside of the ordinary course
             of business;

         -   authorizing any single capital expenditure or series of related
             capital expenditures which exceed or which are likely to exceed a
             defined materiality threshold for a 12 month period ending December
             31, 2001;

         -   making any material tax election or changing any method of tax
             accounting, filing any amended tax returns or failing to settle a
             material tax liability;

         -   settling or compromising any pending or threatened material suit,
             action or claim, other than settlements of matters previously
             disclosed to Merck that do not meet a defined materiality
             threshold;

         -   adopting a plan of partial liquidation, dissolution or similar
             reorganization of Rosetta or any of its subsidiaries (other than
             the merger);

         -   paying, discharging or satisfying any material claims, liabilities
             or objections other than in the ordinary course of business and
             consistent with past practice or the accordance with terms
             reflected in its financial statements;

         -   entering into any "non-compete" or similar agreement or entering
             into any agreement that would be required to be filed as an Exhibit
             to Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (except as contemplated by the
             merger agreement);

         -   managing cash and cash-equivalents and investments inconsistent
             with past practices as previously disclosed in its SEC filings; and

         -   making any expenditure or investment of cash, not otherwise
             contemplated by the above-described restrictions in excess certain
             individual and aggregate materiality thresholds.

         
NO SOLICITATION

         Rosetta may not, and may not permit its subsidiaries to, or authorize
or permit any of its officers, directors, employees, accountants, counsel,
investment bankers, financial advisors or representatives to:

         -   solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take any other action
             to knowingly facilitate any takeover proposal;

         -   engage or participate in negotiations regarding any takeover
             proposal or provide any confidential information to any person
             relating to any takeover proposal; or

                                      -51-

         -   waive the benefit of any provision contained in any confidentiality
             or standstill agreement in effect on the date of the merger
             agreement or take any action to render inapplicable, or to exempt
             any person from, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
             Law, Chapter 23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation Act, or
             any similar "fair price," "moratorium," "control share
             acquisition," or anti-takeover statute applicable to Rosetta.

         
However, prior to obtaining stockholder approval of the merger, in
response to an unsolicited takeover proposal that the Rosetta board determines
in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor
of nationally recognized reputation) is reasonably likely to lead to a superior
proposal, it may:

         -   furnish confidential information to the person making the takeover
             proposal to it if that person signs a customary confidentiality
             agreement (including customary standstill provisions) not less
             restrictive on such persons than the confidentiality agreement
             Rosetta signed with Merck;

         -   participate in discussions and negotiations regarding the takeover
             proposal; and

         -   waive the benefits of any provision contained in any
             confidentiality or standstill agreement relating to the takeover
             proposal solely for the purpose of allowing such party to make its
             proposal to the Rosetta board of directors.

         
In the merger agreement, we defined "takeover proposal" to mean any
inquiry, proposal, indication of interest or offer from any person relating to
any:

         -   acquisition or license of a business or asset that constitutes 25%
             or more of Rosetta's total enterprise value, taken as a whole, or
             25% or more of any class of equity security of Rosetta;

         -   tender offer or exchange offer which if completed would result in a
             person beneficially owning 25% or more of the common stock of
             Rosetta; or

         -   merger or other business combination or transaction involving
             Rosetta or any of its subsidiaries with a value in excess of 25% of
             the total enterprise value of Rosetta and its subsidiaries taken as
             a whole.

         
In the merger agreement, we defined "superior proposal" as any takeover
proposal by a third party, if:

         -   the proposal is otherwise on terms which the Rosetta board
             determines, in its good faith judgment based in part on the advice
             of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, to be
             more favorable from a financial point of view to Rosetta's
             stockholders than the proposed merger and for which the third party
             has obtained committed financing, to the extent required, or in its
             good faith judgment, the third party is reasonably capable of
             obtaining, and is reasonably capable of being completed.

                                      
-52-

         
In addition, Rosetta must advise Merck orally and in writing of any
takeover proposal or superior proposal or any inquiry that could reasonably be
expected to lead to any takeover proposal or superior proposal, and the material
terms of any such takeover proposal or superior proposal.
Rosetta must also keep
Merck reasonably informed of any material changes to any such takeover proposal
or superior proposal.

         
Except in the circumstances we describe below, the Rosetta board may
not:

         -   withdraw or modify or propose to withdraw or modify in a manner
             adverse to Merck, its approval of the merger or the merger
             agreement;

         -   approve any letter of intent, memorandum of intent agreement in
             principle, acquisition agreement or similar agreement relating to
             any takeover proposal or superior proposal; or

         -   approve or recommend or propose publicly to approve or recommend
             any takeover proposal or superior proposal.

         
In response to a superior proposal from a third party that Rosetta did
not solicit in violation of the merger agreement, the Rosetta board may, prior
to stockholder approval of the merger with Merck, approve or recommend that
Rosetta enter into an agreement with the third party with respect to its
superior proposal if the Rosetta board determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to do so is reasonably
likely to constitute a breach of fiduciary duty to Rosetta stockholders.

However, the Rosetta board must first give written notice advising Merck that it
has resolved to accept a superior proposal, specifying its material terms and
identifying the person making the superior proposal and then must wait 72 hours
after giving the notice.

         
Within 72 hours of receipt of the written notice, Merck will have the
opportunity to present the Rosetta board with proposed revised terms of the
merger.
The Rosetta board will consider in good faith any such revised terms and
take them into account before determining to approve or recommend the third
party's proposal.
If the board determines, by a vote of the full board of
directors, that the revised terms presented by Merck are reasonably equivalent
or superior from the financial point of view of Rosetta and its stockholders to
the terms of the third party's proposal, then it shall accept duly adopted
resolutions (1) approving the terms of any such revised proposal by Merck (and
any definitive agreement proposal therewith), (2) directing that the revised
proposal be submitted to a stockholder vote and, (3) recommending that Rosetta
stockholders approve and adopt Merck's revised proposal and related definitive
agreement.

         
However, if the Rosetta board elects by a vote of the full board to
terminate the merger agreement with Merck after recommending the approval or
adoption of a superior proposal and after determining that any revised proposal
of Merck is not reasonably equivalent or superior from the financial point of
view of Rosetta and its stockholders to the terms of the superior proposal, the
board must deliver to Merck a written notice of termination, the $31.0 million
termination fee by wire transfer and a written acknowledgement that Rosetta and
the board of directors have complied with all of their covenants and that
Rosetta is obligated to pay the termination fee.

                                      
-53-

         FEES AND EXPENSES

         Whether or not the merger is completed, we will each pay our own costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement.
We will, however,
split on a 50-50 basis the filing, printing and mailing fees and expenses
incurred in connection with any required federal or state securities law filings
or approvals, filings made pursuant to the HSR Act, and other expenses not
directly attributable to one of the parties.

         
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF MERCK COMMON STOCK

         Except to the extent Merck will issue in the merger treasury stock that
is already listed, Merck is required to prepare and submit to the New York Stock
Exchange a listing application with respect to the shares of Merck common stock
to be issued in connection with the merger and to use reasonable best efforts to
obtain approval for the listing of those shares of Merck common stock on the New
York Stock Exchange.
Although not required by the terms of the merger agreement,
Merck also expects to list the shares of Merck common stock to be issued in
connection with the merger on the Philadelphia Stock Exchange.

         
TAX TREATMENT

         We have agreed to use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the
merger to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code and have agreed not to take any action which reasonably could be
expected to cause the merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization.

         
PUBLICITY

         We have agreed to consult with one another and use our commercially
reasonable best efforts to agree upon the text of any press release or public
statement relating to the merger or required by any governmental entity or
regulatory body.

         
COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS

         Each of us has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to take
all actions necessary or advisable under applicable law to complete the merger
as soon as practicable, including:

         -   promptly preparing and filing all necessary applications, notices
             and filings with third parties and governmental entities; and

         -   taking all commercially reasonable steps necessary to obtain all
             material consents and approvals.

         
We have each also agreed to supply to the Federal Trade Commission or
other governmental agency, additional information that may be requested under
the HSR Act and any

                                      -54-

other regulatory laws with respect to the merger agreement and the stockholders
agreement and to take all actions necessary to cause the expiration or
termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act as soon as
practicable.
Merck is not, however, required to sell, divest, hold separate or
otherwise dispose of any of its or Rosetta's assets or to conduct its business
in a specified manner as a condition to obtaining any government approval or for
any other reason.
In addition, Rosetta has agreed to take all commercially
reasonable efforts to assist Merck in encouraging additional employees to enter
into agreements with respect to employment following consummation of the merger.

         
TAKEOVER STATUTES AND MARKET PURCHASES

         If any "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other
similar anti-takeover statute or regulation is or may become applicable to the
merger transaction or the voting and stock option agreements, we have agreed
that our respective boards of directors will grant any approvals and take all
actions legally permissible so that these transactions may be promptly
consummated on the terms contemplated hereby.
In addition, Merck is not
explicitly restricted by any agreement with Rosetta from acquiring, in the
market or otherwise, any shares of Rosetta common stock prior to completion of
the merger.
The Delaware and Washington business combination statutes may be
applicable to such purchases.
In addition, Merck would need to comply with the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and relevant state and federal securities laws in
connection with any such acquisition.


ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         TREATMENT OF ROSETTA STOCK OPTIONS

         All Rosetta stock options outstanding at the effective time of the
merger will remain outstanding, and Merck will assume all obligations with
respect to them.
Following the merger, each Rosetta option holder will be
entitled to purchase a number of Merck common shares that is the product of the
number of shares of Rosetta common stock subject to the option immediately prior
to the effective time, and 0.2352.
The exercise price per share of Merck common
stock subject to any such Rosetta option as of the effective time will be equal
to the exercise price per share of Rosetta common shares subject to the option
immediately prior to the effective time, divided by 0.2352.
Each Rosetta option
will be subject to the same terms and conditions as in effect immediately prior
to the effective time, except that the number of shares of Merck common stock
deliverable upon exercise of each Rosetta option and the respective exercise
price, will be rounded to the whole share or one one-hundredth percent, if
necessary.
Merck will take all necessary corporate action to reserve for
issuance a sufficient number of shares of Merck common stock for delivery upon
exercise of Rosetta options, and will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure
that such shares are listed on the NYSE upon issuance.
To the extent options are
subject to Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, the foregoing treatment
will be subject to such adjustments as may be necessary to preserve the
treatment as incentive stock options under Section 424(a) of the Code.

                                      
-55-

         TREATMENT OF ROSETTA WARRANTS

         To the extent possible, all outstanding warrants to purchase Rosetta
common stock will be cancelled at the effective time and converted automatically
into the right to receive a cash amount equal to the number of Rosetta shares
subject to each warrant immediately prior to the effective time multiplied by
$18.00 per share, less the aggregate exercise price of each warrant immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger.
All payments required to be made on
the cancellation of Rosetta warrants will be made by Merck (or, at the election
of Merck, by Rosetta) on the closing date of the merger.
However, to the extent
that cancellation of a Rosetta warrant is not permitted under the terms of the
warrant, and Rosetta is unable to obtain any required consent, the Rosetta
warrants outstanding at the effective time will not be cancelled.
The warrants
will entitle the holders to purchase a number of shares of Merck common stock
that is equal to: the product of the number of shares of Rosetta common stock
subject to the warrant immediately before the effective time of the merger and
0.2352.
The exercise price per share of Merck common stock subject to any such
Rosetta warrant after the effective time of the merger will be equal to the
exercise price per share of the Rosetta common stock subject to the Rosetta
warrant immediately before the effective time of the merger and 0.2352.

         
TREATMENT OF ROSETTA EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

         For at least 12 months following the completion of the merger, Merck
will provide continuing Rosetta employees with employee benefits no less
favorable than those benefits provided by Rosetta before the merger or the
benefits that Merck provides to similarly situated Merck employees.
We intend
that all Rosetta employee stock purchase plans will be terminated before the
merger is consummated.
All purchase and offering periods under a stock purchase
plan will terminate immediately prior to the effective time of the merger and a
new purchase date will be established by the Rosetta board of directors, at
which time each stock purchase option will be automatically exercised in
accordance with its terms.
Merck has also agreed that the surviving corporation
will assume all of Rosetta's employee benefit plans and will honor Rosetta's
obligations under these plans.
Merck has, however, generally retained the right
to amend or terminate these plans as permitted by their terms and by applicable
law.
In addition, as a general rule, continuing Rosetta employees will receive
credit for pre-merger service for purposes of eligibility and vesting (but not
benefit accrual) under Merck's benefit plans and arrangements.

         
INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION

         Merck will obtain and maintain in effect for six years after the
completion of the merger a directors' and officers' liability insurance policy,
substantially equivalent to Merck's current policy, insuring Rosetta' directors
and officers for all liabilities and costs arising from acts or failures to act
that occurred prior to or as of the completion of the merger.
Merck will not,
however, be required to pay, in total, an annual premium for the insurance in
excess of 200% of the current annual premium paid by Rosetta for its existing
coverage.
If the annual premiums of that insurance coverage exceed that amount,
Merck will be obligated to obtain a policy with as much coverage available for a
cost up to but not exceeding that amount.

                                      
-56-

         From and after the completion of the merger, the surviving corporation
will, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, indemnify each
person who is, or has been, an officer or director of Rosetta or any of its
subsidiaries against all losses, damages and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, in connection with any lawsuit or investigation arising out of
or pertaining to acts or omissions, or alleged acts or omissions, by them in
their capacities as such, prior to or as of the completion of the merger.

         
The surviving corporation will, after the completion of the merger,
comply with the terms of any existing indemnification agreements with officers,
directors, employees or consultants.

         
NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AND RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER

         Rosetta has, to the extent permissible, granted to Merck and its
affiliates a non-exclusive, world-wide license under certain of Rosetta's
existing intellectual property to conduct internal research and development.

Merck will pay Rosetta a license fee with respect to the Rosetta technology
license on commercially reasonable terms, or on the most favorable terms under
which Rosetta licenses the same or comparable technology to unaffiliated third
parties, if applicable.
The license will be cancelled and terminated if the
merger agreement has been properly terminated because Merck intentionally caused
the material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements under the merger agreement.
If Merck has terminated the merger
agreement as a result of a breach by Rosetta or there has been a termination
resulting in a termination fee, and if Rosetta or its subsidiaries proposes to
sell or offer certain of the licensed technology on an exclusive basis to any
third party, Rosetta will give Merck a right of first offer to purchase or
license such technology on an exclusive basis.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

         Our obligations to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of various conditions on or before the date on which the merger is
completed, which include, in addition to other customary closing conditions, the
following:

         -   Rosetta stockholders' approval and adoption of the merger
             agreement;

         -   no court having issued an order and no law having been enacted that
             prevents the completion of the merger or makes the completion of
             the merger illegal;

         -   the waiting period under the HSR Act having expired or terminated;

         -   governmental and regulatory authorities having issued to us all
             other approvals necessary to complete the transactions without
             conditions that would be materially adverse to Merck's or Rosetta's
             businesses, financial condition or results of operations unless the
             failure to obtain the approvals would not reasonably be expected to
             have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
             or the results of operations of Merck or Rosetta;

                                      -57-

         -   the Form S-4 registering the shares of Merck common stock to be
             issued in the merger shall have become effective and no stop order
             suspending the effectiveness shall be in effect or initiated and to
             our knowledge, all necessary approvals or permits under state
             securities or "blue sky" laws having been obtained; and

         -   if necessary, the shares of Merck common stock issuable in
             connection with the merger having been approved for listing on the
             New York Stock Exchange.

         
In addition, the obligations of Merck to effect the merger are subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

         -   the representations and warranties made by Rosetta in the merger
             agreement being true and correct, except to the extent that the
             failure to be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to
             have a material adverse effect on Rosetta;

         -   Rosetta having performed in all material respects all obligations
             required to be performed by it under the merger agreement on or
             before the date of the completion of the merger;

         -   no suit, action or proceeding by any governmental entity being
             pending that challenges the merger or seeks to prohibit or
             materially limit ownership or effective control of Rosetta or its
             assets by Merck; and

         -   Merck having received an opinion from its tax counsel to the effect
             that the merger will constitute a "reorganization" within the
             meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code.

         
Finally, the obligations of Rosetta to effect the merger are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

         -   the representations and warranties made by Merck in the merger
             agreement being true and correct, except to the extent that any
             failure to be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to
             have a material adverse effect on the ability of Merck to complete
             the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the
             employment agreements with Rosetta employees and the voting and
             stock option agreements;

         -   Merck having performed in all material respects all obligations
             required to be performed by it under the merger agreement on or
             before the date of the completion of the merger; and

         -   Rosetta having received an opinion from its tax counsel to the
             effect that the merger will constitute a "reorganization" within
             the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code.

                                      
-58-

TERMINATION

         
The merger agreement may be terminated by our mutual written consent.

It may also be terminated:

         -   by either of us, if we do not complete the merger on or before
             February 28, 2002.
Moreover, neither of us may terminate the merger
             agreement if our failure to fulfill any of our obligations under
             the merger agreement is the cause of the merger not being completed
             by this drop-dead date;

         -   by either of us, if a court or governmental entity issues a final
             non-appealable order that makes the merger illegal or permanently
             prohibits the completion of the merger, but only if the party
             seeking to terminate the merger agreement has used all commercially
             reasonable best efforts to have the court order vacated;

         -   by either of us, if (1) there has been a material breach by the
             other party of its representations, warranties, covenants or
             agreements contained in the merger agreement, (2) the breach would
             result in the failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions to
             the merger, and (3) the breach is incapable of being cured or, if
             capable of being cured, has not been cured within 30 days after
             written notice was received by the party alleged to be in breach;

         -   by either of us, if Rosetta stockholders fail to approve and adopt
             the merger agreement at Rosetta's special meeting;

         -   by Rosetta, if Rosetta's board of directors has resolved to accept
             a superior proposal in the manner described under "Covenants -- No
             Solicitation" above and it has paid to Merck the $31.0 million
             termination fee described below; or

         -   by Merck, if Rosetta's board of directors (1) fails to reaffirm its
             recommendation of the merger within 20 days of Merck's written
             request to do so, following the announcement of a proposal for a
             competing transaction from a third party, (2) withdraws or
             adversely modifies its recommendation, that the Rosetta
             stockholders vote in favor of approval and adoption of the merger
             agreement and the merger, or (3) approves, recommends or does not
             take an adverse position on any proposal for a competing
             transaction involving Rosetta.

         
We have each agreed that Rosetta will pay Merck a $31.0 million
termination fee if:

         -   (1) any person makes a takeover proposal or superior proposal to
             Rosetta or its stockholders which has not been withdrawn, and
             either party terminates the merger agreement because of the
             occurrence of the drop-dead date or because Rosetta's stockholders
             fail to approve the merger, and (2) within nine months after the
             termination of the merger agreement, Rosetta enters into or
             completes another acquisition transaction;

                                      -59-

         -   Merck terminates the agreement because the Rosetta board of
             directors withdraws, modifies or fails to affirm its approval or
             recommendation of the merger within 20 days after a request by
             Merck following a takeover proposal or a superior proposal, or has
             approved a takeover proposal or superior proposal; or

         -   Rosetta terminates the merger agreement because it accepts a
             superior proposal under circumstances described above.


AMENDMENTS

         We may amend the merger agreement at any time before or after your
approval of the matters contemplated by the merger agreement.
After your
approval, we may not make any amendment that, by law or in accordance with the
rules of any relevant stock exchange, requires further approval by you without
your further approval.


VOTING AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS

         THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF THE VOTING AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS IS
QUALIFIED BY REFERENCE TO THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE VOTING AND STOCK OPTION
AGREEMENTS, THE FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ THE FORM OF VOTING AND STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENTS IN THEIR ENTIRETY.

         
As an inducement to Merck to enter into the merger agreement, on May
10, 2001, the stockholders of Rosetta listed below entered into voting and stock
option agreements with Merck and Rosetta under which they agreed, among other
things, to vote all of their Rosetta common stock owned by them or to be
acquired by them upon the exercise of any options or otherwise (1) in favor of
the merger agreement, and (2) against any other acquisition proposal.

                                         
SHARES OF ROSETTA              NUMBER OF
STOCKHOLDER                                COMMON STOCK           ROSETTA STOCK OPTIONS
- -----------                              -----------------        ---------------------

Vulcan Ventures, Inc.                        3,809,258                         --
Agilent Technologies, Inc.                   3,459,791                         --
OVP Venture Partners(1)                      1,198,937                         --
Stephen H. Friend, M.D., Ph.D.                 600,014                    345,000
John J. King II                                194,000                    240,250
Mark S. Boguski, M.D., Ph.D.                   300,000                     30,000

- -------------------------
(1) Comprised of six affiliated partnerships of which Charles P. Waite,
one of Rosetta's directors, serves as general partner or general partner
of the partnership's general partner.

                                      
-60-

Gregory Sessler                                 10,000                    250,000
Harvey S. Sadow, Ph.D.                          44,501                     34,583
William W. Ericson                              10,534                     50,000
Ruth B. Kunath                                      --                     25,000

         As part of the voting and stock option agreements, each of these
Rosetta stockholders granted an irrevocable proxy to Merck to vote the Rosetta
common stock owned by them in accordance with their voting and stock option
agreements.
These Rosetta stockholders own a total of 9,627,035 shares of
Rosetta common stock, representing approximately 29.8% of the Rosetta common
stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.
In addition, these stockholders
hold options to acquire an additional 999,833 shares of Rosetta common stock,
not all of which are currently exercisable.
The voting agreement and proxy
expire on the earlier of the effective time of the merger or the termination of
the merger agreement in accordance with its terms.

         
The voting and stock option agreements also grant Merck an irrevocable
option to purchase all of the stockholders' Rosetta common stock at a price of
$18.00 per share.
Merck may exercise the option, in whole but not in part, if
the merger agreement is terminated because the Rosetta board of directors fails
to reaffirm its approval of the merger agreement or modifies its approval or
recommendation of the merger agreement, or approves any other acquisition
transaction involving Rosetta.
Merck may also exercise the option if the merger
agreement is terminated if the Rosetta stockholders fail to approve the merger
agreement at a duly held stockholders meeting, or if the merger is not completed
before February 28, 2002, and 60 days after the merger agreement is terminated,
Rosetta or any of its subsidiaries consummates or enters into an acquisition
transaction.

         
The option will terminate upon the earliest of (1) the effective time
of the merger, (2) 30 days following the termination of the merger agreement
because the Rosetta board of directors fails to affirm or modifies its approval
of the merger agreement, or approves any other acquisition transaction involving
Rosetta, or (3) 30 days following the termination of the merger agreement
because the Rosetta stockholders fail to approve the merger agreement at a duly
held stockholders meeting, or if the merger is not completed before February 28,
2002, and prior to such termination any person shall have made a proposal with
respect to an alternative acquisition transaction involving Rosetta, and within
60 days after the Merger Agreement is terminated, Rosetta or any of its
subsidiaries consummates or enters into an alternative acquisition transaction.

                                      
-61-

              MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDENDS ON ROSETTA'S COMMON STOCK

         Rosetta's common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "RSTA" since August 3, 2000.
The following table sets forth for
the periods indicated the high and low prices for Rosetta's common stock, as
reported by the Nasdaq National Market.

                                              
HIGH        LOW
                                              ----        ---

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
Third Quarter (beginning August 3, 2000)     $38.06     $14.75
Fourth Quarter                                30.00      11.56

YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2001
First Quarter                                $17.38     $ 6.50
Second Quarter (through _____, 2001)         $          $ 6.00

         On May 10, 2001, the day before the first public announcement of the
proposed merger, the last reported trading price of Rosetta's common stock on
the Nasdaq National Market was $9.91.
On __________, 2001, the last reported
sale price of Rosetta's common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $_____.

The offering price in Rosetta's initial public offering in August 2000 was
$14.00 per share.
As of __________, 2001, the number of stockholders of record
of Rosetta's common stock was ___.

         
Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any,
as may be declared by Rosetta's board of directors from funds legally available
therefor.
Rosetta has never paid any dividends.
Rosetta anticipates that all
earnings will be retained for development of working capital to grow its
business, and therefore does not currently intend to declare dividends.

                                      
-62-

                              THE BUSINESS OF MERCK

        Merck is a global research-driven pharmaceutical company that discovers,
develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of human and animal health
products, directly and through its joint ventures, and provides pharmaceutical
benefit services through Merck-Medco Managed Care (Merck-Medco).
Through these
complementary capabilities, Merck works to improve the quality of life and
contain overall health care costs.

        
Human health products include therapeutic and preventive agents,
generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders.
Among
these are atherosclerosis products, which include Zocor and Mevacor;
hypertension/heart failure products which include Vasotec, Cozaar, Hyzaar,
Prinivil and Vaseretic; anti-inflammatory/analgesics, of which Vioxx, an agent
that specifically inhibits COX-2, is the largest-selling; an osteoporosis
product, Fosamax, for treatment and prevention of osteoporosis;
vaccines/biologicals, of which M-M-R II, a pediatric vaccine for measles, mumps
and rubella, Varivax, a live virus vaccine for the prevention of chickenpox, and
Recombivax HB (hepatitis B vaccine recombinant), are the largest-selling; a
respiratory product, Singulair, a leukotriene receptor antagonist;
anti-ulcerants, of which Pepcid is the largest-selling; antibiotics, of which
Primaxin and Noroxin are the largest-selling; ophthalmologicals, of which
Timoptic, Timoptic-XE, Trusopt and Cosopt are the largest-selling; and HIV
products, which include Crixivan, a protease inhibitor for the treatment of
human immunodeficiency viral infection in adults.

        
Merck is discovering new innovative products and developing new
indications for existing products - the result of its continuing commitment to
research.
Merck is also developing innovative sales, marketing and education
techniques; establishing joint ventures, licensing arrangements and health care
partnerships with large managed care organizations and other payers; and
demonstrating to payers and providers the cost-effectiveness of Merck products.

Additionally, achievement of productivity gains has become a permanent strategy.

Productivity initiatives include, at the manufacturing level, optimizing plant
utilization, implementing lowest-cost processes and improving technology
transfer between research and manufacturing, and throughout Merck, reducing the
cost of purchased materials and services, re-engineering core and administrative
processes and streamlining the organization.
At the manufacturing level, Merck
expects that productivity gains will continue to substantially offset inflation.

        
To enhance its competitive position in the fast-growing area of managed
care, Merck acquired Medco Containment Services, Inc. in 1993 (renamed
Merck-Medco Managed Care, LLC).
Merck-Medco provides pharmaceutical benefit
services in the United States.
Merck-Medco manages prescription drug programs
through its mail service and retail pharmacy networks, and offers a series of
health management programs to help payers, providers and patients manage
high-risk, high-cost diseases.
Merck-Medco sells its pharmaceutical benefit
management services to corporations, labor unions, insurance companies, Blue
Cross/Blue Shield organizations, government agencies, federal and state employee
plans, health maintenance and other similar organizations.

        
Merck sells its human health products primarily to drug wholesalers and
retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and managed health care
providers such as health maintenance organizations and other institutions.

Merck's professional representatives

                                      -63-

communicate the effectiveness, safety and value of our products to health care
professionals in private practice, group practices and managed care
organizations.

                                      
-64-

                       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF ROSETTA

        The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with Rosetta's consolidated financial statements and the related
notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

The consolidated statement of operations data presented below for the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and for the three months ended March 31,
2001, and the balance sheet data at December 31, 1999 and 2000, and March 31,
2001 are derived from Rosetta's financial statements included elsewhere in this
document.
The selected consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 1997 and
1998, as well as the selected consolidated statements of operations data for the
year ended December 31, 1997, are derived from Rosetta's financial statements
which are not included in this document.
Rosetta had no activity from the date
of its incorporation, December 19, 1996, through December 31, 1996.
The selected
data in this section is not intended to replace Rosetta's financial statements.

Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
in the future.


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS DATA:

                                                                                                      THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                 MARCH 31,
                               -----------------------------------------------------------       ----------------------------
                                     1997           1998           1999             2000           2000           2001
                                   --------       --------       --------         
--------       --------       
---------
                                                                                                        (unaudited)
                                                          (in millions, except per share data)

Revenues                              $  --           $ --       $    983         $ 10,459       $    548       $  4,688
                                   --------       
--------       --------         
--------       --------       
--------
Operating expenses
  Cost of product revenue                --             --             --              968             --            332
  Research and development(1)         1,369          4,823         10,793           22,282          3,286          6,852
  Marketing, general and
  administrative(1)                     859          2,289          7,197           15,885          2,950          4,649
  Stock-based compensation               65            581          3,571            9,377          2,476          1,251
                                   --------       --------       
--------         --------       --------       
--------
     Total operating expenses         2,293          7,693         21,561           48,512          8,712         13,084
                                   --------       
--------       --------         
--------       --------       
--------
Loss from operations                 (2,293)        (7,693)       (20,578)         (38,053)        (8,164)        (8,396)

Other income and (expenses)
  Interest income                       440            707            639            5,668            366          2,377
  Interest expense                      (46)          (207)          (293)            (253)           (71)           (26)
  
Other, net                             14             81            (82)             (63)           (26)            28
                                   --------       --------       
--------         --------       --------       
--------
Net loss                             (1,885)        (7,112)       (20,314)         (32,701)        (7,895)        (6,017)

Deemed dividend upon
issuance of convertible
preferred stock                          --             --             --           (7,286)        (7,286)            --
                                   --------       
--------       --------         
--------       --------       
--------
Net loss attribute to common
stockholders                       $ (1,885)      $ (7,112)      $(20,314)       $ (39,987)      $(15,181)      $ (6,017)
                                   --------       
--------       --------         
--------       --------       --------

Basic and diluted net loss
per share                          $  (5.29)      $  (5.29)      $  (5.04)       $   (2.50)      $  (2.77)     $  (.19)
                                   --------       
--------       --------         
--------       --------       
--------

                                      -65-

Weighted average shares used
in computing basic and
diluted net loss per share              356          1,344          4,030           16,010          5,473          31,623

(1) Operating expenses exclude charges for stock-based compensation as follows:

                                                                                                   THREE MONTHS
                                                                                                       ENDED
                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,                    MARCH 31,
                                                ------------------------------------------      
------------------
                                                 1997        1998        1999        2000        2000        2001
                                                ------      ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
                                                                                                   (unaudited)
                                                                         (in thousands)

Research and development                        $   42      $  490      $1,496      $3,297      $  806      $  474

Marketing, general and
administrative                                      23          91       2,075       6,080       1,670         777
                                                ------      ------      ------      ------      ------      
------
                                                $   65      $  581      $3,571      $9,377      $2,476      $1,251
                                                ------      
------      ------      
------      ------      
------

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:

                                                                                                   
AT
                                                          AT DECEMBER 31,                       MARCH 31,
                                    -----------------------------------------------------     
-----------
                                      1997           1998           1999           2000          2001
                                    --------       
--------       --------       --------     -----------
                                                                                              (unaudited)
                                                              (in thousands)

Cash, cash equivalents and
   investments                      $ 15,347       $  8,252       $ 19,263       $153,490      $155,658

Working capital                       14,902          7,115         15,451        148,869       146,271

Total assets                          16,933         11,393         34,788        183,859       183,402

Long term obligations, less
   current portion                     1,036          1,344          1,389            488           374

Convertible preferred stock           17,001         17,001         41,432             --            --

Stockholders' equity (deficit)        (1,723)        (8,240)       (15,595)       168,426       164,946

                                      -66-

                         ROSETTA FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS

        In connection with Merck's consideration of the proposed merger with
Rosetta, Rosetta provided Merck with its internal projections of future
financial performance.
Set forth below are selections from these projections.

        
You should note that the following projected financial data constitute
forward-looking statements.
Rosetta's actual results during the periods covered
will vary from the projections, and such variations may be material.
In
particular, these forward-looking statements were prepared on the assumption
that Rosetta remained an independent company engaged in, among other things,
business development activities related to establishing collaborations with
third parties, and it is highly likely that the contribution of Rosetta's
business to Merck's consolidated results will be different from Rosetta's
performance on a stand-alone basis.
In addition, if the merger is not
consummated, Rosetta may not be able to achieve these projections.
See
"Rosetta's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations - Risks Related to Rosetta and its Business - Rosetta
Faces Risks Associated with Acquisitions."
You are cautioned not to rely on the
following information as an indicator of any future financial performance.
The
achievement of the results suggested by the projections are subject to the
risks, uncertainties and other factors relating to Rosetta's future performance
outlined in this proxy statement/prospectus, as described under "Cautionary
Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements."
Rosetta assumes no obligation
to update the forward-looking statements contained herein.

        
The Rosetta financial projections included in this proxy/statement
prospectus has been prepared by, and are the responsibility of, Rosetta's
management.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has neither examined nor compiled the
Rosetta projected financial data and, accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.

The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP report included in this proxy
statement/prospectus relates to the historical financial statements of Rosetta.

The report does not extend to Rosetta's financial projections set forth below
and should not be read to do so.

        
The Rosetta financial projections were not prepared with a view
toward compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines
established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for
preparation and presentation of prospective financial information.


SIGNIFICANT ASSUMPTIONS

        
As described below, certain assumed revenue amounts will not occur if
the merger with Merck is completed.
In addition, certain projected software
revenues relate to products which are under development.

        
Revenues are comprised of two categories: product revenues and
collaboration revenues.

        
1.      Projected product and collaboration revenues for years 2001
                through 2005 are as follows (in thousands):

                 PRODUCT     COLLABORATION
        YEAR     REVENUE        REVENUE         TOTALS
        ----     
-------     -------------     
---------

        2001     $ 9,500     $34,300           $ 43,800
        2002     $23,200     $39,800           $ 63,000
        2003     $33,600     $51,700           $ 85,300
        2004     $51,400     $52,800           $104,200
        2005     $70,100     $53,750           $123,850

        2.
Product revenues include the following:

           (a)  Rosetta Resolver Gene Expression system sales.
These sales
                represent the sale of enterprise level and commercial level
                systems.
Revenues were based upon the most recent projections
                provided to Rosetta by Agilent Technologies, Inc. and the terms
                of their collaboration agreement.

           (b)  DNA microarray royalties and design revenues.
These revenues
                were based upon the most recent projections provided to Rosetta
                by Agilent and the terms of their collaboration agreement.

                                      
-67-

           (c)  Agilent collaboration revenue.
These revenues represent
                amortization of research and development and license payments
                received from Agilent which are being recognized over the
                seven-year term of the collaboration agreement.

           
(d)  Proteomics software sales.
Revenues for the years 2003 through
                2005 include the sale of a proteomics enterprise level software
                product.
Anticipated revenues for this product to be developed
                were based upon Rosetta Resolver sales patterns.
Projected
                revenues from proteomics software sales included in the
                projected financial data are as follows (in thousands):

        2001              2002            2003            2004            2005
        ----              
----            ----            
----            
----

        $0                $0              $3,900          $8,100          $22,200

        3.
Collaboration revenues were based upon the following.

                
Collaboration revenues were based upon signed contracts with
                existing collaborative partners and on new collaboration
                agreements expected to be entered into with other biotechnology
                and pharmaceutical companies, some of which were being
                negotiated at the time that Rosetta and Merck executed an
                exclusivity agreement.

                
For existing collaborative partners, contract research revenues
                were based upon work plans specified in the applicable
                collaboration agreement.
Milestone and royalty revenues were
                based upon the anticipated development of collaborative
                products.

                
For assumed new collaborations, contract research revenues were
                based upon expected work plans to be formulated in accordance
                with past experience.
Milestone and royalty revenues were based
                upon the anticipated development of collaborative projects.
                
Certain of the assumed new collaborative revenues were based
                upon collaboration agreements that were being negotiated at the
                time that Rosetta and Merck executed an exclusivity agreement.
                
See "The Merger - Background of the Merger."
Pursuant to that
                exclusivity agreement, negotiations with respect to such
                collaboration agreements have been halted.
The projected
                revenues from these collaboration agreements were based upon
                Rosetta remaining a stand alone entity and did not contemplate
                Merck's acquisition of Rosetta.
If the merger between Rosetta
                and Merck is completed, these collaborations and the related
                revenues will not occur.
Should the merger between Rosetta and
                Merck not be completed, it is likely that the cessation of
                negotiations with respect to these collaborations would have a
                material impact on the amount and timing of these revenues.
                
Finally, collaboration revenues include revenues from
                assumed new collaborations expected to be signed in the future
                but which had not yet begun to be negotiated at the time that
                Rosetta and Merck executed an exclusivity agreement.
Such
                collaborations were anticipated based on Rosetta applying its
                technology in new areas.

                
The amount of revenues related to new collaborations is as
                follows (in thousands):

           2001             2002          2003            2004            2005
           ----             
----          ----            
----            ----

           $26,000          $35,800       $47,700         $50,500         $51,750

                                      -68-

        4.
The following expense assumptions were made:

           (a)  Research and development expenses for 2001 were based upon
                Rosetta's 2001 internal budget.
This 2001 budget amount was used
                as a baseline for years 2002 through 2005.
Incremental expenses
                were added to this baseline amount each year in an amount from
                2% to 10% of the baseline amount.
Also, additional research
                expenses were added based on incremental collaboration revenues.
                
In addition, additional depreciation expense was added for years
                2002 through 2005.

           (b)  
Sales, general and administrative expenses for 2001 were based
                upon Rosetta's internal 2001 budget.
This 2001 budget amount was
                used as a baseline for years 2002 through 2005.
Incremental
                expenses were added to this baseline amount each year in an
                amount from 6% to 17% of the baseline amount.
In addition,
                additional depreciation expense and selling expenses related to
                the new proteomics software product were added for years 2002
                through 2005.

           (c)  Interest income was based upon average cash balances and assumed
                a rate of return of 5%.

           
(d)  
No federal income taxes were provided for based upon the net
                operating losses generated by Rosetta from 1997 through 2002.
It
                was assumed that none of the net operating loss carryforwards
                were limited as to their use.

        
5.
The following balance sheet and equity assumptions were made:

           (a)  Cash and investment balances assumed the sale of $50 million in
                equity at $15 per share to a potential collaborative partner.
                
The $50 million equity investment was contemplated as part of a
                collaboration agreement that was in the process of being
                negotiated at the time Rosetta and Merck executed the
                exclusivity agreement.
Pursuant to that agreement, such
                negotiations have been halted.
Should the merger between Rosetta
                and Merck not be completed, it is likely that the amount and
                timing of this equity investment will change materially or not
                occur.

                                      
-69-

           (b)  Cash and investment balances also assumed the routine exercise
                of currently-outstanding stock options.

           (c)  Other current assets on the projected balance sheet includes
                accounts receivable.
It was assumed that revenues were
                collected, on average, thirty days after being earned.

           
(d)  Accounts payable and accrued expenses balances for 2002 through
                2005 were based on the balance at 2000 and then increased based
                upon the percentage increase of total operating expenses for
                those years.

        
5.
The Rosetta financial projections also assumed the effects of a
relocation and consolidation of its facilities in 2003.

                                      -70-

               ROSETTA INPHARMATICS, INC. PROJECTED FINANCIAL DATA

PROJECTED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                                                 FOR THE
                                                                        YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2001            2002            2003            2004          2005
                                              ---------       
---------       ---------       ---------      
---------
                                                                    (in thousands, except per share data)

Revenues                                      $  43,800       $  63,000       $  85,300       $ 104,200      $ 123,850
Operating Expenses
  Research and development                       46,405          50,797          56,435          57,288         60,091
  Sales, general and administrative              24,989          29,982          36,348          38,486         44,728
  Stock-based compensation                        3,856           1,847             573               -              -
                                              ---------       ---------       ---------       ---------      
---------
     Total operating expenses                    75,250          82,626          93,356          95,774        104,819
                                              ---------       
---------       ---------       ---------      
---------
Operating income (loss)                         (31,450)        (19,626)         (8,056)          8,426         19,031

Interest income, net                              9,400           9,700           9,800          10,000         12,000

Provision for income taxes                            -               -               -               -              -
                                              ---------       ---------       ---------       ---------      ---------
Net income (loss)                             $ (22,050)      $  (9,926)      $   1,744       $  18,426      $  31,031
                                              =========       =========       =========       =========      =========
Full diluted net income (loss) per share      $   (0.64)      $   (0.28)      $    0.05       $    0.50      $    0.82
                                              =========       =========       =========       =========      =========
Weighted average shares                          34,287          35,953          36,573          37,193         37,813
                                              =========       =========       =========       =========      =========

                                      -71-

PROJECTED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                                       AT DECEMBER 31,
                                             ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001          2002           2003         2004          2005
                                             --------      
--------      --------      --------      --------
                                                                      (in thousands)

ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash and investments                       $187,616      $183,947      $183,954      $208,870      $245,431
  Other current assets                          6,196         7,873         9,812        11,473        13,200
                                             --------      --------      
--------      --------      
--------
     Total current assets                     193,812       191,820       193,766       220,343       258,631

Property and equipment, net                    11,827        13,882        23,063        22,000        20,000
Intangibles and other assets, net              11,991         8,339         4,717         3,053         1,789
                                             --------      
--------      --------      --------      
--------

     Total assets                            $217,630      $214,041      $221,546      $245,396      $280,420
                                             ========      ========      ========      ========      ========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses      $  5,342      $  5,834      $  6,434      $  6,692      $  7,191
  Deferred revenue                              3,430         3,980         5,170         5,280         5,375
  Other current liabilities                     1,085         1,103         1,122         1,141         1,161
                                             --------      
--------      --------      --------      
--------
     Total current liabilities                  9,857        10,917        12,726        13,113        13,727

Deferred revenue                                3,105         2,505         1,905         1,305           705
Other non-current liabilities                     498           508           519           529           539
                                             --------      
--------      --------      --------      
--------

     Total liabilities                         13,460        13,930        15,150        14,947        14,971
                                             --------      
--------      --------      --------      
--------

Stockholders' equity                          204,170       200,111       206,396       230,449       265,449
                                             --------      
--------      --------      --------      
--------
     Total liabilities and
        stockholders' equity                 $217,630      $214,041      $221,546      $245,396      $280,420
                                             
========      ========      ========      ========      ========

                                      -72-

PROJECTED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                               FOR THE
                                                                       YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                                            -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001            2002            2003            2004            2005
                                            ---------       
---------       ---------       
---------       ---------
                                                                          (in thousands)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Income (loss)                           $ (22,050)      $  (9,926)      $   1,744       $  18,426       $  31,031
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
   net cash used in operating activities
    Depreciation                                3,570           5,445           8,320           8,563           9,500
    Stock-based compensation                    3,856           1,847             573               0               0
    Amortization of intangible assets           3,891           3,683           3,655           1,698           1,300
    Changes in operating assets and
    liabilities                                (1,579)         (1,238)           (753)         (1,898)         (1,738)
                                            ---------       
---------       ---------       ---------       
---------
     Net cash provided by (used in)
     operating activities                   $ (12,312)      $    (189)      $  13,539       $  26,789       $  40,093
                                            ---------       ---------       
---------       ---------       
---------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property and equipment         $  (7,500)      $  (7,500)      $ (17,500)      $  (7,500)      $  (7,500)
                                            ---------       ---------       
---------       ---------       
---------
     Net cash used in investing
     activities                             $  (7,500)      $  (7,500)      $ (17,500)      $  (7,500)      $  (7,500)
                                            ---------       ---------       
---------       ---------       
---------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issuance of common stock      $  53,938       $   3,968       $   3,968       $   3,968       $   3,968
    Payments received on notes receivable
      from stockholders                             -              52               -           1,659               -
                                            ---------       
---------       ---------       ---------       
---------
    Net cash provided by financing
    activities                              $  53,938       $   4,020       $   3,968       $   5,627       $   3,968
                                            ---------       
---------       ---------       
---------       ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and
       cash equivalents:                       34,126          (3,669)              7          24,916          36,561
Cash and cash equivalents
    Beginning of period:                      153,490         187,616         183,947         183,954         208,870
                                            ---------       ---------       ---------       ---------       
---------
    End of period:                          $ 187,616       $ 183,947       $ 183,954       $ 208,870       $ 245,431
                                            =========       =========       =========       =========       =========

                                      -73-

                ROSETTA'S MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

        Rosetta is a leader in the emerging field of informational genomics.

Rosetta's technology platform consists of the Rosetta Resolver Expression Data
Analysis System ("Rosetta Resolver System"), Rosetta's FlexJet DNA microarrays
and Rosetta's coherent data sets of information generated from DNA microarrays.

Rosetta generates revenue by providing its technologies as individual components
sold as products either by Rosetta or its partners or as an integrated platform
as part of research collaborations with pharmaceutical, biotechnology and
agricultural customers.
From Rosetta's inception in December 1996 through June
2000, its operating activities were primarily devoted to research and
development of technologies for its informational genomics platform, including
the development of the Rosetta Resolver System and the FlexJet DNA microarrays,
acquiring assets, recruiting personnel, business development and raising
capital.

        
In October 1999, Rosetta entered into a seven-year strategic
collaboration with Agilent.
Rosetta agreed to exclusively partner with Agilent
to make and sell products and services in the gene expression field, including
DNA microarrays, DNA microarray design services, gene expression data analysis
systems and other products.
Agilent also purchased 2,285,714 shares of Rosetta's
Series D preferred stock at a per-share price of $5.25.
In August 2000, Rosetta
sold Agilent 714,285 shares of common stock at $14.00 per share in a private
placement that closed concurrently with Rosetta's initial public offering.
Under
the collaboration agreement, Rosetta co-markets the Rosetta Resolver System with
Agilent on an exclusive basis and shares revenues for Rosetta Resolver System
sales and DNA microarray design services.

        
Agilent also has the exclusive right to market and sell DNA microarrays
manufactured using Rosetta's inkjet and related DNA microarray design technology
in exchange for royalty payments to Rosetta.
In connection with this agreement,
Rosetta has received payments of $7.4 million for research and development and
for certain licensing rights as of March 31, 2001, of which $2.1 million was
recorded as revenue through March 31, 2001, and $5.3 million was recorded as
deferred revenue as of March 31, 2001.
Agilent has agreed to pay Rosetta
additional amounts during the remainder of 2001 and during 2002 for research and
development activities.
All research, development and licensing amounts
previously paid as well as fixed amounts to be paid in connection with this
agreement are being recognized as revenue ratably over the term of the
agreement.

        
In May 2000, Rosetta entered into a supply agreement with Agilent
pursuant to which Agilent will supply Rosetta with DNA microarrays.
Rosetta's
current purchase forecast for DNA microarrays during 2001 is approximately $14.7
million.
Rosetta's purchase obligations under this agreement may be reduced or
increased if it provides revised forecasts to Agilent or if the parties
otherwise agree during semiannual performance review meetings.
In connection
with this agreement, Agilent has paid $3.0 million for the transfer of certain
know-how and technology related to Rosetta's inkjet technology.

                                      
-74-

        
In June 2000, Rosetta commercially released the Rosetta Resolver System,
an enterprise-wide, bioinformatics solution for deciphering the increasing
amount of gene-expression data being generated due to the recent advance in
genomics.
The Rosetta Resolver System represents a major component of Rosetta's
flexible gene-expression analysis platform.
Since then, Rosetta installed
commercial versions of the Rosetta Resolver System at the facilities of its
customers: DuPont Pharmaceuticals Company, Harvard University's Center for
Genomics Research, Amgen Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Glaxo Wellcome plc, Paradigm
Genetics, Inc., Immunex Corporation, Renovis, Inc., Biogen, Inc. and the
University of Washington.

        
In November 2000, Rosetta entered into a three-year collaboration
agreement with the Monsanto Company.
Under terms of the agreement, Monsanto has
committed to pay Rosetta $15 million over a three-year period for the delivery
of a substantial body of gene expression information.
In addition, Rosetta has
the potential to receive future payments, including royalties associated with
the development of commercial products that incorporate discoveries from the
collaboration.

        
Since Rosetta's inception, it has incurred significant losses and as of
March 31, 2001, it had an accumulated deficit of $68.0 million.
Rosetta's losses
have resulted principally from costs incurred in research and development,
marketing, general and administrative costs associated with its operations, and
non-cash stock-based compensation expenses associated with stock options granted
to employees and consultants prior to the closing of its initial public offering
in August 2000.
Operating expenses increased to $13.1 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 compared to $8.7 million for the same period in
2000.
Operating expenses increased to $48.5 million in 2000 from $21.6 million
in 1999 and $7.7 million in 1998.
Rosetta expects to incur additional operating
losses over at least the next several years as it continues to expand its
research and product development efforts and infrastructure.

        
To date, Rosetta's revenue has been derived principally from the sale of
Rosetta Resolver Systems and collaboration agreements.
Rosetta has generated a
substantial portion of its revenue to date from a limited number of sources.

Rosetta's potential sources of revenue for the next several years are likely to
be from the sale of products and services sold by Agilent, research payments
under existing and possible future collaborative arrangements, government
research grants and royalties from collaborators based on revenues received from
any products commercialized under those agreements.

        
In view of Rosetta's limited operating history and the rapidly evolving
nature of its business, Rosetta believes that period-to-period comparisons of
its operating results may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an
indication of future performance.


STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

        Stock-based compensation expense results from stock options granted to
employees at exercise prices less than the fair market value of the common stock
on the date of grant to

                                      -75-

employees, options granted to outside consultants for services and for the sale
of restricted stock to founders deemed to be nonemployees.
Through March 31,
2001, Rosetta has recorded total deferred stock-based compensation of $19.8
million, of which $5.0 million remains unamortized as of March 31, 2001.

Deferred stock-based compensation expense is being amortized to expense over the
vesting periods of the underlying options, generally four years.
Based on
deferred stock-based compensation recorded as of March 31, 2001, Rosetta expects
to record amortization for deferred stock-based compensation expense
approximately as follows: $2.6 million for the first three quarters of fiscal
year 2001, $1.8 million in fiscal year 2002, $589,000 in fiscal year 2003 and
$12,000 in fiscal year 2004.
The amount of deferred compensation expected to be
recorded in future periods may decrease if unvested options for which deferred
stock-based compensation has been recorded are subsequently cancelled or
forfeited.
The amount of deferred compensation expected to be recorded in future
years may increase if additional awards of options or shares are made for
consideration that is less than fair value.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

        QUARTERS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 AND 2000

        REVENUES.
Revenues increased to $4.7 million for the three months ended
March 31, 2001 from $548,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
The
increase in revenues is primarily attributable to revenue recognized under
Rosetta's collaboration agreement with Monsanto ($2.5 million) and revenue
recognized for licensing the Rosetta Resolver System ($920,000).

        
COST OF PRODUCT SALES.
Cost of product sales increased to $332,000 for
the three months ended March 31, 2001 from none for the three months ended March
31, 2000.
The increase was primarily related to the third-party hardware and
software costs associated with the revenue recognized for Rosetta Resolver
System sales.

        
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES.
Research and development expenses
increased to $6.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $3.3
million for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase was primarily
due to increased payroll and personnel expenses, increased usage of laboratory
materials and supplies (including the purchase of DNA microarrays from Agilent)
related to conducting research under collaboration agreements as well as
internal efforts, facility costs and depreciation of leasehold improvements and
laboratory equipment.
The number of research and development personnel increased
to 134 at March 31, 2001 compared to 83 at March 31, 2000.
Research and
development expenses consisted of costs to fulfill objectives of ongoing
collaboration agreements, develop and use proprietary technologies to analyze
DNA microarrays, build coherent data sets of expression profiles and to update
and support the Rosetta Resolver System.
Rosetta expects research and
development expenses to increase significantly in the future to support the
expansion of Rosetta's research and development activities, accommodate existing
and possible future collaborations, expand the production of Rosetta's
high-throughput gene expression profiling process and fund Rosetta's obligations
under the supply agreement Rosetta entered into with Agilent in May 2000, under
which Rosetta's current purchase forecast for DNA microarrays during 2001 is
$14.7 million.
Rosetta's purchase obligations under this agreement may be
reduced or increased if Rosetta

                                      -76-

provides revised forecasts to Agilent or if the parties otherwise agree during
semiannual performance review meetings.

        
MARKETING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.
Marketing, general and
administrative expenses increased to $4.6 million for the three months ended
March 31, 2001 from $3.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
The
increase was primarily due to increased payroll and personnel expenses, legal
fees associated with intellectual property issues, business development
activities and costs related to marketing the Rosetta Resolver System.
Rosetta
expects marketing, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase
in the future to support the marketing of Rosetta's products and efforts to
engage in collaborations, the expansion of Rosetta's business activities, and
the protection of Rosetta's intellectual property.
In addition, Rosetta entered
into a license agreement with Oxford Gene Technology in March 2000 for which
Rosetta recorded an asset of $8.8 million.
The amortization of this asset
resulted in an amortization expense of $314,000 for the three months ended March
31, 2001 compared to amortization expense of $52,000 for the three months ended
March 31, 2000.
This agreement will result in $995,000 of amortization expense
for the remainder of 2001 and will result in future amortization amounts of $1.3
million per year thereafter for the estimated useful life of this license, seven
years.

        
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION.
Stock-based compensation expense in 2001 and
2000 resulted from stock options granted to employees from 1998 through 2000 at
exercise prices subsequently deemed to be less than the fair market value of the
common stock on the date of grant to employees, options granted to outside
consultants for services and for the sale of restricted stock to founders deemed
to be nonemployees.
Deferred stock-based compensation is being amortized to
expense over the vesting periods of the underlying options, generally four
years.
Stock-based compensation expense totaled $1.3 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 compared to $2.5 million for the comparable period
in 2000.
The decrease in stock-based compensation expense for the periods is
primarily attributable to the effects of the accelerated amortization method
permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 28.

        INTEREST INCOME.
Interest income increased to $2.4 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 from $366,000 for the comparable period in 2000.
The
increase was primarily due to higher average balances of cash and cash
equivalents and investments for the period ended March 31, 2001 compared to the
three month period ended March 31, 2000.
The increase in average balances was
primarily the result of the proceeds from the sale of Series E preferred stock
in March 2000, and the initial public offering of Rosetta's common stock and
private placement with Agilent in August of 2000.

        
DEEMED DIVIDEND UPON ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK.
Rosetta
recorded a deemed dividend of $7.3 million in March 2000 upon the issuance of
Series E convertible preferred stock.
At the date of issuance, Rosetta believed
the per-share price of $9.36 represented the fair market value of the preferred
stock and that it was in excess of the fair market value of Rosetta's common
stock.
Subsequent to the commencement of Rosetta's initial public offering
process, Rosetta reevaluated the fair market value of Rosetta's common stock as
of March 2000 and determined it to be $11.00 per share.
Accordingly, the
incremental fair market value is deemed to be the equivalent of a preferred
stock dividend.
Rosetta recorded the

                                      -77-

deemed dividend at the date of issuance by offsetting charges and credits to
additional paid-in capital, without any effect on total stockholders' equity.

The amount increased the loss allocable to common stockholders in the
calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share for 2000.

        YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

        REVENUES.
Revenues increased to $10.5 million in 2000 from $983,000 in
1999.
The increase in revenues is primarily attributable to revenue recognized
for licensing the Rosetta Resolver System ($3.9 million), revenue recognized
under Rosetta's collaboration agreement with Monsanto ($803,000), and revenue
recognized under agreements with Rosetta's strategic partner, Agilent, for the
transfer of certain know-how and technology related to Rosetta's inkjet
technology ($3.7 million) and for the ratable portion of research and
development and licensing fees ($1.4 million).

        
COST OF PRODUCT SALES.
Cost of product sales increased to $968,000 in
2000 from none in 1999.
The increase was primarily related to the third-party
hardware and software costs associated with the revenue recognized for Rosetta
Resolver System sales in 2000.

        
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES.
Research and development expenses
increased to $22.3 million in 2000 from $10.8 million in 1999.
The increase was
primarily due to increased payroll and personnel expenses, including recruitment
and relocation expenses, increased usage of laboratory materials and supplies
(including the purchase of DNA microarrays from Agilent) related to conducting
research under collaboration agreements as well as internal efforts, the costs
connected with the transfer of know-how and technology related to Rosetta's
inkjet technology, facility costs and depreciation of leasehold improvements and
laboratory equipment.
The number of research and development personnel was 132
at December 31, 2000, and 70 at December 31, 1999.
Research and development
expenses also included $2.4 million in license fees in 2000 compared to $1.4
million in 1999.
Research and development expenses consisted of costs to develop
DNA microarrays, to fulfill objectives of ongoing collaboration agreements, to
develop and use proprietary technologies to analyze these arrays, to build
coherent data sets of expression profiles and to develop the Rosetta Resolver
System.
Rosetta expects research and development expenses to increase
significantly in the future to support the expansion of its research and
development activities, accommodate existing and possible future collaborations,
expand the production of its high-throughput gene expression profiling process
and fund its obligations under the supply agreement it entered into with Agilent
in May 2000, under which Rosetta's current purchase forecast for DNA microarrays
during 2001 is $14.7 million.

        
MARKETING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.
Marketing, general and
administrative expenses increased to $15.9 million in 2000 from $7.2 million in
1999.
The increases were primarily due to increased payroll and personnel
expenses, including recruitment and relocation expenses, legal fees associated
with intellectual property issues and business development activities.
Rosetta
expects marketing, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase
in the future to support the marketing of its products, the expansion of its
business activities and due to costs associated with operating as a public
company.
In addition, Rosetta

                                      -78-

entered into a license agreement with Oxford Gene Technology in March 2000 for
which Rosetta recorded an asset of $8.8 million.
The amortization of this asset
resulted in increased amortization expense of $995,000 for 2000 and will result
in future amortization amounts of $1.3 million per year thereafter for the
estimated useful life of this license, seven years.

        
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION.
Stock-based compensation expense in 2000 and
1999 resulted from stock options granted to employees at exercise prices
subsequently deemed to be less than the fair market value of the common stock on
the date of grant to employees, options granted to outside consultants for
services and for the sale of restricted stock to founders deemed to be
nonemployees.
Rosetta recorded total deferred stock-based compensation of $13.4
million in 2000 and $5.3 million in 1999.
Deferred stock-based compensation is
being amortized to expense over the vesting periods of the underlying options,
generally four years, resulting in the amortization of stock-based compensation
totaling $9.4 million in 2000 and $3.6 million in 1999.

        INTEREST INCOME.
Interest income increased to $5.7 million in 2000 from
$639,000 in 1999.
The increases were primarily due to higher average balances of
cash and cash equivalents and investments for 2000 compared to 1999, as a result
of the investment of the proceeds from the sale of Series D preferred stock in
October 1999 and Series E preferred stock in March 2000, and the initial public
offering of Rosetta's common stock and private placement with Agilent in August
of 2000.

        
DEEMED DIVIDEND UPON ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK.
Rosetta
recorded a deemed dividend of $7.3 million in March 2000 upon the issuance of
Series E convertible preferred stock.
At the date of issuance, Rosetta believed
the per-share price of $9.36 represented the fair value of the preferred stock
and was in excess of the fair value of its common stock.
Subsequent to the
commencement of Rosetta's initial public offering process, Rosetta reevaluated
the fair value of its common stock as of March 2000 and determined it to be
$11.00 per share.
Accordingly, the incremental fair value is deemed to be the
equivalent of a preferred stock dividend.
Rosetta recorded the deemed dividend
at the date of issuance by offsetting charges and credits to additional paid-in
capital, without any effect on total stockholders' equity.
The amount increased
the loss allocable to common stockholders in the calculation of basic and
diluted net loss per share for 2000.

        YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998

        REVENUES.
Revenues increased to $983,000 in 1999 from none in 1998.
The
increase was due primarily to collaboration revenue recognized in connection
with a collaboration agreement entered into with Agilent in October 1999 and
grant revenues recognized in connection with Small Business Innovation Research
Program grants from the National Institutes of Health and a grant from the
Department of Energy.

        
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES.
Research and development expenses
increased to $10.8 million in 1999 from $4.8 million in 1998.
The increase was
primarily due to increased

                                      -79-

payroll and personnel expenses, including recruitment and relocation expenses,
increased usage of laboratory materials and supplies, facility costs and
depreciation of facilities and laboratory equipment.
Research and development
expenses also included $1.4 million of license fees incurred in 1999 as compared
to $225,000 of license fees incurred in 1998.
The number of research and
development personnel was 70 at December 31, 1999, and 45 at December 31, 1998.

        
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.
General and administrative expenses
increased to $7.2 million in 1999 from $2.3 million in 1998.
The increase was
primarily due to increased expenses related to payroll and personnel, including
recruitment and relocation expenses, facility costs, legal fees and business
development activities.
In addition, general and administrative expenses in 1999
included $2.8 million of amortization expense relating to intangible assets as a
result of Rosetta's acquisition of Acacia Biosciences in February 1999.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

        From inception through March 31, 2001, Rosetta has funded its operations
with the net proceeds of $106.3 million from its initial public offering, $89.2
million from private equity financings, $16.9 million from collaboration
agreements and $3.3 million from equipment financing arrangements.
At March 31,
2001, cash and cash equivalents and investments totaled $155.7 million.

Rosetta's cash reserves are held in a variety of short-term interest-bearing
instruments, including high-grade corporate bonds, commercial paper and money
market accounts.

        
Cash provided by operations for the three months ended March 31, 2001
was $1.5 million, compared to cash used in operations of $4.0 million for the
comparable period in 2000.
Cash used in operations in 2000 was $16.6 million
compared to $7.4 million in 1999.
The improvement in operating cash flows in the
three months ended March 31, 2001 was primarily the result of favorable changes
in working capital as Rosetta's operating losses were offset by decreases in
accounts receivable and increases in accrued liabilities.
Rosetta does not
expect this favorable working capital trend to continue in the future.
In
addition, Rosetta's net losses of $6.0 million and $7.9 million for the three
month periods ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, were partially offset
by non-cash charges of $3.0 million and $3.6 million, respectively, related to
stock-based compensation, amortization, depreciation expense and amortization of
intangible assets.
Rosetta's net losses of $32.7 million in 2000 and $20.3
million in 1999 were partially offset by non-cash charges of $15.7 million in
2000 and $7.4 million in 1999 related to deferred stock-based compensation,
amortization, depreciation expense and amortization of intangible assets.

        
Investing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2001, other
than changes in Rosetta's investments, consumed $991,000 due to expenditures on
leasehold improvements, capital expenditures and expenditures pursuant to
license agreements.
Investing activities for the comparable period in 2000,
other than the changes in Rosetta's investments, used $1.7 million primarily due
to leasehold improvements and capital expenditures.
Investing activities in
2000, other than changes in Rosetta's investments, consumed $7.3 million due to
expenditures on

                                      -80-

leasehold improvements, capital expenditures and expenditures pursuant to
license agreements.
Investing activities in 1999, other than the changes in
Rosetta's investments, used $2.5 million primarily due to leasehold improvements
and capital expenditures.
Rosetta expects capital expenditures to increase in
the future as it builds additional infrastructure for its informational genomics
systems and expands its facilities.

        
Cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended March
31, 2001 was $305,000 compared to $41.6 million for the comparable period in
2000.
Financing activities for the period in 2000 included the sale of 4,442,378
shares of Series E preferred stock to investors for net proceeds of $41.3
million.
Cash provided by financing activities was $157.4 million in 2000
compared to $20.9 million in 1999.
Financing activities for 2000 included the
sale of 8,280,000 shares of common stock in Rosetta's initial public offering
resulting in net proceeds of $106.3 million after deducting underwriters'
commissions and other offering expenses of approximately $9.6 million, the sale
of 714,285 shares of common stock in a concurrent private placement with Agilent
resulting in proceeds of $10.0 million and the sale of 4,442,378 shares of
Series E preferred stock to investors for net proceeds of $41.3 million.
In 1999
Rosetta completed the sale of 2,019,452 shares of Series C convertible preferred
stock to investors and 2,285,714 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock
to Agilent for net proceeds of $8.9 million and $12.0 million, respectively.

        
In connection with financing arrangements for the purchase of property
and equipment entered into from 1997 through 1999, Rosetta had $1.1 million in
capitalized lease obligations and notes payable at March 31, 2001.
These
obligations bear interest at a weighted-average fixed rate of approximately
12.3%.

        
Rosetta's capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including
market acceptance of its products, the resources Rosetta devotes to developing
and supporting its products and other factors.
Rosetta expects to devote
substantial capital resources to expand its research and development efforts, to
expand marketing and sales efforts to support its products and services and for
other general corporate activities.
In connection with Rosetta's research and
development efforts, in May 2000, Rosetta entered into a supply agreement with
Agilent pursuant to which its current purchase forecast for DNA microarrays
during 2001 is $14.7 million.
Rosetta's purchase obligations under this
agreement may be reduced or increased if it provides revised forecasts to
Agilent or if the parties otherwise agree during semiannual performance review
meetings.
Rosetta believes that its current cash balances, together with the net
proceeds from the initial public offering of its common stock, the proceeds of
the concurrent private placement to Agilent and revenue to be derived from its
collaboration with Agilent, including revenue from the sales of the Rosetta
Resolver System, will be sufficient to fund Rosetta's operations at least
through December 31, 2002.
After this period, Rosetta may need to sell
additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit arrangements.

Additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to Rosetta, or at
all.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

        In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial

                                      -81-

Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities".
SFAS 133 establishes accounting and reporting standards for
derivative instruments, including derivative instruments embedded in other
contracts, and for hedging activities.
SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS 138, is
effective for all fiscal quarters of fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.

The adoption of SFAS 133 on January 1, 2001 did not have any impact on Rosetta's
financial statements.


RISKS RELATED TO ROSETTA AND ITS BUSINESS

        The risk factors set forth below relate to Rosetta and its business on a
stand-alone basis and may not be significant to Merck if the merger is
completed.

        FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT ROSETTA'S STOCK
        PRICE, FUTURE BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS.

        
If the merger is not completed for any reason, Rosetta may be subject to
a number of material risks, including the following:

        -  Rosetta may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay Merck a
           termination fee of $31.0 million;

        -  Merck's license to Rosetta's intellectual property will, under
           certain circumstances, survive even if the merger is not completed
           which could adversely affect Rosetta's business prospects;

        -  the price of Rosetta's common stock may decline, to the extent that
           the relevant current market price reflects a market assumption that
           the merger will be completed; and

        -  the costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting, financial
           printing and financial advisor fees, must be paid even if the merger
           is not completed.

        
As a result of entering into the exclusivity agreement with Merck and
executing the merger agreement, Rosetta terminated discussions with key
potential collaboration partners and strategic partners.
If the merger is not
completed, Rosetta may not be able to re-engage in discussions with such
potential partners which would adversely affect Rosetta's results of operations.

In addition, Rosetta's existing and potential customers, collaboration partners
and strategic partners, in response to the announcement of the merger, may delay
or defer decisions concerning Rosetta.
Any delay or deferral of those decisions
by customers, collaboration partners or strategic partners could have a material
adverse effect on Rosetta's business, regardless of whether the merger is
ultimately completed.

        
ROSETTA IS AT AN EARLY STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT AND MAY NOT SUCCEED OR
        BECOME PROFITABLE.

        
Rosetta commenced operations in December 1996, is at an early stage of
development, and has a limited operating history.
Rosetta has just begun to
incorporate its technologies into commercialized products and Rosetta's
commercialization of them may not be successful.
Rosetta has recently begun
commercial sales of the Rosetta Resolver System.
All commercial sales are
subject to negotiation and execution of definitive agreements, and the execution
of definitive agreements may not occur in a timely manner or at all.
Agilent,
Rosetta's strategic

                                      -82-

partner, has recently begun commercial distribution of FlexJet DNA microarrays.

The Rosetta Resolver System is currently being used by Rosetta internally and by
a limited number of customers.
As a result, Rosetta's business is subject to all
of the risks inherent in the development of a new business enterprise, such as
the need:

        -  to develop a market for Rosetta's products and services;

        -  to successfully transition from a company with a research focus to a
           company capable of supporting commercial activities; and

        -  to attract and retain qualified management, sales, technical and
           scientific staff.

        
ROSETTA EXPECTS TO INCUR SUBSTANTIAL OPERATING LOSSES IN THE FUTURE AND,
        AS A RESULT, THE VALUE OF ROSETTA'S STOCK COULD DECREASE.

        
Rosetta's expenses have significantly exceeded revenue in each of the
years since Rosetta's inception.
Rosetta is uncertain when, if ever, it will
become profitable.
Rosetta has incurred operating losses since its inception and
had no revenue in 1997 and 1998 and only limited revenue in 1999 and 2000 from
collaborations, the sale of Rosetta Resolver Systems and government grants.

Rosetta's Rosetta Resolver System was introduced in 2000 and as of March 31,
2001, Rosetta has recorded $4.8 million in revenue from sales of the system.
As
of March 31, 2001, Rosetta had an accumulated deficit of $68.0 million.
Rosetta
expects to continue to experience significant operating losses in the future as
it continues its research and development efforts, further develop its products
and services and expand its marketing and sales force in an effort to
commercialize its products.
The expansion of its operations will require
substantial expenditures on Rosetta's part for at least the next several years
to support growth of the organization.
In addition, Rosetta anticipates
continued spending in research and development to remain a leader in its
industry, as well as to meet its obligations under the supply agreement with
Agilent.
As a result, Rosetta expects to incur operating losses in the future,
may require additional funding, and the value of Rosetta's stock could decrease.

        
IF ROSETTA'S EXISTING COLLABORATION WITH AGILENT FAILS, IS TERMINATED,
        OR IF THEIR ABILITY TO SUPPLY MICROARRAYS CEASES OR IS LIMITED,
        ROSETTA'S POTENTIAL REVENUES AND DEVELOPMENT FUNDS WOULD BE
        SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCED.

        
In Rosetta's collaboration agreement with Agilent, Rosetta agreed to
partner with Agilent to make and sell products in the gene expression field
including the Rosetta Resolver System, microarrays, array design services and
other products.
As part of Rosetta's agreement, Agilent has the co-exclusive
right to sell the Rosetta Resolver System and to use Rosetta's inkjet
synthesizer and related chip design technology in exchange for royalty payments.

Rosetta also relies on Agilent for significant financial and technical
contributions in connection with the development of products covered by the
agreement.
Rosetta's ability to develop, manufacture, and market these products
successfully depends significantly on Agilent's performance under this

                                      -83-

agreement.
In addition, in May 2000, Rosetta entered into a supply agreement
with Agilent to supply it with DNA microarrays.
If Agilent experiences
manufacturing or distribution difficulties under these agreements, has
difficulty obtaining or maintaining intellectual property rights, does not
actively market the Rosetta Resolver System or does not otherwise perform its
obligations under these agreements, Rosetta's revenue derived from third party
collaborations, revenues from the Rosetta Resolver System or other products and
services, and Rosetta's royalty revenue derived from Agilent's sales of DNA
microarrays manufactured using Rosetta's inkjet technology could harm its
business and financial condition.

        
Rosetta's collaboration agreement with Agilent may be terminated early
by Agilent under certain circumstances, including the breach of exclusivity and
confidentiality by Rosetta.
If Agilent were to terminate its agreement with
Rosetta, Rosetta could lose significant revenue and have limited means to
commercialize Rosetta's products.
In addition, Rosetta would need to obtain
development funding from other sources, and Rosetta may be required to find one
or more other collaborators for the development and commercialization of its
products.
Agilent's early termination of Rosetta's collaboration could harm
Rosetta's business and financial condition.

        
IF ROSETTA DOES NOT RETAIN ITS CUSTOMERS AND PARTNERS OR OBTAIN NEW
        CUSTOMERS AND PARTNERS, ROSETTA'S OPERATING RESULTS WILL BE MATERIALLY
        AND ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

        
Rosetta's strategy depends on selling its informational genomics
products and services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology and agriculture
companies.
Historically, Rosetta has had very few customers and two commercial
partners, Agilent and Monsanto, from which Rosetta has derived the majority of
its revenue.
If Rosetta were to lose any one of these customers or partners, its
revenue would decrease substantially.
Agilent and Monsanto accounted for 15% and
53%, respectively, of the total revenues for the first three months in 2001 and
49% and 9%, respectively, of the total revenue for the year ended December 31,
2000.
Rosetta expects that it will continue to rely on a narrow base of
customers and partners for the majority of its revenue for the foreseeable
future.
Although Rosetta is seeking to expand its customer and partner base,
these efforts may not be successful.
Rosetta's sales and revenues would be
adversely affected if any significant customer or partner were to discontinue or
significantly reduce the use of products or services or if Rosetta fails to
obtain additional customers or partners.

        
IF ROSETTA'S TECHNOLOGIES AND INITIAL COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS DO NOT ACHIEVE
        MARKET ACCEPTANCE OR DO NOT BECOME COMMERCIALLY VIABLE OR SUCCESSFUL,
        ROSETTA'S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

        
Rosetta's application of innovative informational genomics tools to drug
discovery is a new and unproven approach.
Market acceptance of Rosetta's
products and services will depend upon many factors which are not within
Rosetta's control, such as:

        -  continued growth in the bioinformatics industry;

                                      -84-

        -  the availability and price of competing products, services and
           technologies; and

        -  the success of Rosetta's marketing and sales efforts.

        
IF ROSETTA IS UNABLE TO COMPETE SUCCESSFULLY AGAINST EXISTING
        TECHNOLOGIES, ROSETTA'S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WOULD BE MATERIALLY AND
        ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

        
Rosetta's business depends upon successfully competing in the
development and commercialization of products and services that improve the
efficiency of the drug discovery process.
Rosetta's drug discovery technology
may not result in any commercially successful product or results.
Rosetta may
fail to compete successfully if:

        -  Rosetta's products or services are found to be ineffective or
           unreliable;

        -  Rosetta's products are difficult to manufacture or uneconomical to
           market;

        -  unforeseen complications in the development or delivery of Rosetta's
           products and services increase the costs of development of its
           products and services;

        -  the proprietary rights of third parties preclude Rosetta or its
           collaborative partners from marketing Rosetta's products or services;
           or

        -  potential customers fail to use Rosetta's technology and instead rely
           on existing internal processes or technologies or alternative
           technologies.

        
IF ROSETTA IS UNABLE TO MAINTAIN OR TO ENTER INTO NEW COLLABORATIONS OR
        LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS, ROSETTA WILL BE LIMITED IN ITS ABILITY TO
        FURTHER COMMERCIALIZE ITS PRODUCTS.

        
Rosetta intends to enter into collaborative arrangements with
pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and agricultural companies to apply Rosetta's
technology, to fund development and to commercialize Rosetta's potential future
products.
Rosetta may not be able to negotiate collaborative agreements on
acceptable terms, if at all, and such collaborative agreements may not be
successful and may not provide Rosetta with expected benefits.
To the extent
Rosetta chooses not to or is unable to enter into such collaborative agreements,
it will require substantially greater capital to undertake the research,
development, marketing, sales and distribution of systems and technologies at
Rosetta's own expense, which would increase Rosetta's operating expenses and
harm Rosetta's revenues.

                                      
-85-

        Additionally, Rosetta's present or future collaborative partners may not
perform their obligations under Rosetta's agreements with them or may not devote
sufficient resources to the development, testing or marketing of Rosetta's
potential products developed under collaborations.
If one of Rosetta's
collaboration partners were to develop technologies or components competitive
with Rosetta's technologies or components in parallel with Rosetta, or if
Rosetta is precluded from entering into competitive arrangements under the terms
of Rosetta's collaboration agreements, Rosetta's potential products could be
rendered uncompetitive or obsolete, which would adversely affect Rosetta's
ability to generate sales and revenues.
In addition, any premature termination
of a collaboration agreement could have a material adverse effect on Rosetta's
revenue growth and potential profitability.

        
Generally, the terms of Rosetta's collaboration agreements provide for a
division of responsibility between Rosetta and its collaborators.
Disputes
concerning Rosetta's obligations and rights under these agreements could result
in litigation or arbitration, which would be time-consuming and expensive.

        FLUCTUATIONS IN ROSETTA'S QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COULD CAUSE
        ROSETTA'S STOCK PRICE TO DECLINE.

        
Rosetta's quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and
are likely to do so in the future.
Some of the factors that could cause
Rosetta's operating results to fluctuate include:

        -  the timing and amount of revenue resulting from collaborations,
           product sales and royalties is not wholly predictable nor consistent
           from quarter to quarter;

        -  changes in Rosetta's percentage share of revenue generated from its
           collaboration with Agilent;

        -  the success rate of Rosetta's discovery efforts leading to milestone
           payments or royalties;

        -  the timing and willingness of collaborators to commercialize products
           discovered through the use of Rosetta's products or services which
           would result in milestone payments or royalties;

        -  the expiration of research contracts with collaborators, which may
           not be renewed or replaced; and

        -  general and industry-specific economic conditions, which may affect
           Rosetta's collaborators' research and development expenditures.

                                      
-86-

        Large portions of Rosetta's expenses are relatively fixed, including
expenses for facilities, equipment, and personnel.
Accordingly, if revenues
decline or do not grow as anticipated due to expiration of research contracts,
failure to obtain new contracts or other factors, Rosetta may not be able to
correspondingly reduce Rosetta's operating expenses.
In addition, Rosetta plans
to significantly increase operating expenses in order to accelerate Rosetta's
product development and sales and marketing efforts.
Due to the possibility of
fluctuations in Rosetta's revenues and expenses, Rosetta believes that
quarter-to-quarter comparisons of Rosetta's operating results are not a good
indication of Rosetta's future performance.
Rosetta's operating results in some
quarters may not meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors.

In that case, Rosetta's stock price could decline.

        
IF ROSETTA IS UNABLE TO PROTECT ITS PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ADEQUATELY OR
        OPERATE WITHOUT VIOLATING THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF OTHERS, ROSETTA'S
        COMPETITIVE POSITION WILL SUFFER AND ROSETTA'S BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL
        CONDITION WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

        
Rosetta's success will depend, in large part, on its ability to obtain
patent protection for its products and technologies, both in the United States
and in other countries, to preserve its trade secrets and to operate without
infringing the proprietary rights of third parties.
Rosetta's patent portfolio
may not protect its technologies or products for any one or more of the
following reasons:

        -  some or all of Rosetta's pending patent applications may not result
           in issued patents and Rosetta's competitors may be able to
           commercialize Rosetta's discoveries;

        -  Rosetta may develop additional proprietary technologies that are not
           patentable;

        -  any patents issued to Rosetta may not cover commercially viable
           products;

        -  any patents issued to Rosetta may not provide Rosetta with reasonable
           scope so as to block others from using Rosetta's or similar
           technology;

        -  any patents issued to Rosetta or to Rosetta's licensors may be
           challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties; and

        -  third parties may have patents of their own which could, if asserted,
           prevent Rosetta from practicing Rosetta's patented technologies.

        
Even if Rosetta is able to obtain new patents, these patents may not
provide it with substantial or meaningful protection or be commercially
beneficial.
The laws of some foreign countries may not protect Rosetta's
intellectual property to the same extent that United States

                                      -87-

law does.
Patent law is unsettled or undergoing review and revision in many
countries.
In addition, Rosetta could be forced to participate in opposition
proceedings to determine the validity of Rosetta's or Rosetta's competitors'
foreign patents, which could be costly and divert management's attention from
other business concerns.

        
Should third parties file patent applications, or be issued patents,
claiming technology also claimed by Rosetta in pending applications, Rosetta may
be required to participate in interference proceedings in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office to determine priority of invention.
Rosetta also
could be required to participate in interference proceedings involving Rosetta's
issued patents and pending applications of another entity.
An adverse outcome in
an interference proceeding could require Rosetta to cease using the technology
or to license rights from prevailing third parties.
There is no guarantee that
any prevailing party would offer Rosetta a license or that such a license, if
made available to Rosetta, could be acquired on commercially-acceptable terms.

        
In order to protect or enforce its patent rights, Rosetta may become
involved in patent litigation.
These lawsuits would put Rosetta's patents at
risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly.
Rosetta may also provoke
third parties to assert claims against it.
Rosetta may also participate in
patent litigation to invalidate the patents of another.
The outcome of any such
potential suit is uncertain.
Any lawsuits regarding intellectual property could
be expensive, take significant time, and divert management's attention from
other business concerns.

        
Third parties may claim Rosetta is infringing, including inducing others
to infringe, its patents and other intellectual property, and could suffer
significant litigation or licensing expenses.
Rosetta is aware that one of its
commercial partners, Oxford Gene Technology, was involved in patent litigation
with a second commercial partner, Affymetrix.
In connection with that
litigation, in May 2000 Rosetta received a third-party subpoena from Affymetrix
requesting, among other things, documents relating to Rosetta's DNA microarray
development activities and Rosetta's relationship with each of Oxford Gene
Technology and Agilent, and Rosetta timely filed its initial response to the
subpoena.
The litigation between Oxford Gene Technology and Affymetrix was
subsequently settled.
While Rosetta is not currently a party to any litigation
against itself, third parties, including Affymetrix, may assert claims against
Rosetta relating to its activities or to agreements with Rosetta's commercial
partners, including Oxford Gene Technology or Agilent, or other matters relating
to such third party's intellectual property rights.

        
While Rosetta does not believe that any of its products or activities
infringe any valid patent or other intellectual property of third parties,
Rosetta may be unaware of patents or other intellectual property of others that
may cover some of its technology, products or services.
If Rosetta does not
prevail in any proceeding or litigation, in addition to any damages it might
have to pay, Rosetta could be required to stop the infringing activity or it may
need to obtain a license to the intellectual property in question.
Rosetta may
not be able to obtain the necessary license to the intellectual property in
order to avoid infringement, or negotiate such a license on reasonable terms, if
at all.
Even if Rosetta were able to obtain a license to such technology, some
licenses may be non-exclusive, thereby giving its competitors access to the same
technologies licensed to

                                      -88-

Rosetta.
Ultimately Rosetta may be unable to sell some of its products or may
have to cease certain business operations, which would have a material adverse
effect on its revenues.
The complexity of the technology involved and the
uncertainty of intellectual property litigation increase these risks.

        
IF ROSETTA'S MEASURES TO PROTECT ITS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
        INFORMATION FAIL, THIS INFORMATION MAY BE COMPROMISED AND ROSETTA'S
        COMPETITIVE POSITION WILL SUFFER.

        
Rosetta has taken security measures to protect its proprietary
technologies, processes, information systems and data, and continue to explore
ways to enhance such security.
These measures may not provide adequate
protection for Rosetta's trade secrets or other proprietary information.
While
Rosetta requires employees, academic collaborators and consultants to enter into
confidentiality agreements where appropriate, any of the following could occur:

        -  Rosetta's proprietary information could be disclosed;

        -  Rosetta's trade secrets could be disclosed; or

        -  others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
           information and techniques, otherwise gain access to Rosetta's trade
           secrets or disclose such information.

        
If any of these events occur, Rosetta's proprietary and confidential
information would be compromised and Rosetta's competitive position would
suffer.

        
INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE MARKET COULD PREVENT ROSETTA FROM INCREASING
        ROSETTA'S REVENUES AND ACHIEVING PROFITABILITY OR RESULT IN THE
        OBSOLESCENCE OF ROSETTA'S TECHNOLOGY.

        
The genomics industry is highly competitive.
Rosetta competes with
companies in the United States and abroad that are engaged in the development
and production of products that analyze, collect, and manage genetic information
and genomic data.
Rosetta's competition in the United States and abroad can be
broken down into the following categories:

        -  bioinformatics solution providers, which are custom integrators,
           providers of desktop analysis tools and providers of database
           software;

        -  array providers, which are commercial manufacturers of
           oligonucleotide microarrays and cDNA microarrays or providers of
           systems enabling customers to make their own microarrays; and

                                      -89-

        -  expression profile program providers, which are dedicated genomics
           companies building gene expression databases as well as
           pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who have their own
           in-house gene expression profiling efforts.

        
Many of the organizations that compete with Rosetta have greater capital
resources, more experienced research, development, sales, marketing,
distribution and service staffs, superior facilities and manufacturing
capabilities and a more established customer base.
Rosetta's competitors are
pursuing methods for using software and computers to assist in making the drug
discovery process more efficient and less expensive which would compete with
Rosetta's products or render Rosetta's products obsolete.
Although Rosetta
believes that there are few companies that currently have an integrated
technology platform that includes all of the components for an informational
genomics solution, it expects to encounter intense competition from companies
that currently offer only certain components, but which may offer all of the
components in an integrated system in the future.
Rosetta is also likely to
encounter increased competition as it enters new markets.

        
The relative speed with which Rosetta can develop products or
technologies is expected to have an impact on its competitive position.
Rosetta
believes that customers in its markets display significant loyalty to specific
technologies or products that they have used successfully in their research and
development.
Therefore, Rosetta may experience difficulties in generating sales
from customers that initially purchased products or services from competitors.

Rosetta expects competition to intensify in the fields in which it is involved
as technical advances in such fields are made and become more widely known.
To
the extent that other companies succeed in developing similar products that are
introduced earlier, are more effective, are produced and marketed more
effectively or priced more competitively than Rosetta's products and services,
the commercial success of Rosetta's products or technologies to be developed may
be harmed.

        
ROSETTA'S DEPENDENCE ON THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES TO DEVELOP AND
        MANUFACTURE SOME COMPONENTS OF ROSETTA'S PRODUCTS COULD IMPAIR ROSETTA'S
        ABILITY TO DEVELOP, MANUFACTURE AND DELIVER ROSETTA'S PRODUCTS ON A
        TIMELY BASIS.

        
Rosetta relies to a substantial extent on outside vendors to supply many
of the hardware and software components of the Rosetta Resolver System.
Rosetta
also relies on outside vendors to supply it with chemicals and other items
necessary to fabricate microarrays and conduct expression profiling experiments.

Some of these items and components are obtained from a single supplier or a
limited group of suppliers.
In particular, in May 2000, Rosetta entered into a
supply agreement with Agilent to supply it with DNA microarrays.
In addition,
Rosetta obtains computer hardware used in its Rosetta Resolver System from Sun
Microsystems and the Rosetta Resolver System incorporates software programs
developed by third parties, including database software from Oracle.
If Rosetta
is unable to acquire required third party products and services, the quality of
Rosetta's products could deteriorate and it would face higher development costs.

Rosetta's reliance on outside vendors generally, and a sole or a limited group
of suppliers in particular, involves several risks, including:

                                      -90-

        -  the inability to obtain an adequate supply of required materials due
           to manufacturing capacity constraints, discontinuance of a product by
           a third-party manufacturer or other supply constraints;

        -  reduced control over quality and pricing of components;

        -  delays and long lead times in receiving materials from vendors; and

        -  delay and expense caused by the need to redesign Rosetta's product to
           accommodate a replacement of a vendor.

        
Rosetta relies on scientific and other data obtained from public genomic
databases.
This data could contain errors or other defects, which if used in
Rosetta's internal or external research collaborations may result in inaccurate
conclusions made by Rosetta or Rosetta's third party collaborators that could
materially affect the results of such research efforts.
This reliance on
inaccurate or defective data could materially affect Rosetta's relationships
with Rosetta's collaborators and harm Rosetta's revenues.

        
IF ROSETTA FAILS TO MAINTAIN OR OBTAIN RIGHTS TO THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGY,
        IT COULD HARM ROSETTA'S DEVELOPMENTAL AND COMMERCIAL EFFORTS.

        
Rosetta's success is dependent on Rosetta's ability to enter into
licensing arrangements with commercial or academic entities for technology that
is advantageous or necessary to the development and commercialization of
Rosetta's technologies.
Rosetta may not be able to negotiate additional license
agreements in the future on acceptable terms, if at all.

        
In Rosetta's existing and potential future collaborations, disputes may
arise as to the inventorship and corresponding rights in inventions and know-how
resulting from research by Rosetta and Rosetta's licensors or scientific
collaborators.
Additionally, Rosetta's present and future in-licensing
agreements may contain provisions requiring Rosetta to meet performance
obligations or milestones, within specified time periods.
If Rosetta fails to
meet any significant milestones, Rosetta's licensors or collaborators may be
permitted to terminate such agreements.

        
Any of Rosetta's current license agreements may be terminated under
certain circumstances by the other party, and Rosetta may not be able to
maintain the exclusivity of Rosetta's exclusive licenses.
In the event Rosetta
is unable to obtain or maintain licenses to technology necessary and
advantageous to its business, Rosetta may be required to expend significant time
and resources to develop or in-license alternative technology.
Rosetta may not
be successful in this regard.
If Rosetta cannot acquire or develop necessary
technology, it may be prevented from commercializing some of its products or may
need to limit its operations.

                                      
-91-

        THE SALES CYCLES FOR ROSETTA'S PRODUCTS ARE LENGTHY, AND ROSETTA MAY
        SPEND CONSIDERABLE RESOURCES ON UNSUCCESSFUL SALES EFFORTS OR MAY NOT BE
        ABLE TO COMPLETE DEALS.

        
Rosetta's ability to obtain new customers for Rosetta's technologies
depends in significant part upon the perception that Rosetta's products and
services can help accelerate their discovery efforts.
Rosetta's sales cycle and
Agilent's sales cycle are likely to be lengthy because of the need to educate
Rosetta's potential customers and convince a variety of constituencies within
such companies of the benefits of Rosetta's technologies.
In addition, each
agreement involves the negotiation of unique terms.
Rosetta and Agilent may be
required to expend substantial funds and management effort with no assurance
that an agreement will result.

        
IF ROSETTA LOST PRINCIPAL MEMBERS OF ITS MANAGEMENT AND SCIENTIFIC STAFF
        OR IS UNABLE TO HIRE ADDITIONAL QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, ROSETTA'S FUTURE
        GROWTH AND ABILITY TO COMPETE WOULD SUFFER.

        
Rosetta is highly dependent on the principal members of its management
and scientific staff.
The loss of the services of any of these persons could
delay or reduce Rosetta's product development and commercialization efforts.

Rosetta does not have "key person" insurance on the lives of its executives.

Rosetta is also highly dependent upon its ability to attract and retain
additional qualified scientific and technical personnel.
Rosetta's business is
located in the Seattle, Washington, metropolitan area, where demand for these
types of personnel is extremely high and is likely to remain high.
As a result,
competition for and retention of personnel, particularly for employees with
technical expertise, is intense, and the turnover rate for these people is high.

If Rosetta is not able to attract, hire, train and retain a sufficient number of
qualified personnel, Rosetta's ability to compete could be seriously harmed and
its future financial success would be jeopardized.

        
ROSETTA HAS LIMITED CAPACITY AND EXPERIENCE IN SALES, MARKETING,
        INSTALLATION AND INDUSTRIALIZED PROCESSES.

        
Rosetta has only a small internal sales force to market and sell its
products and has only limited experience in sales and marketing.
In order to
successfully market Rosetta's products and services to pharmaceutical,
biotechnology and agricultural companies, it is substantially dependent on
Agilent to commercialize its products.
Rosetta may not be able to establish a
direct sales force or to establish collaborative or distribution arrangements to
market its products and technologies.
If Agilent fails to market Rosetta's
products successfully or if Rosetta fails to establish a significant sales force
of its own, Rosetta's sales and revenues would be harmed.

        
The Rosetta Resolver System was commercially launched in June 2000.
To
achieve successful commercialization of Rosetta's products, Rosetta will need to
increase its installation and customer support capabilities.
If Rosetta cannot
achieve the required level and quality of system installation and support, it
may need to outsource such services or rely on licensing and other arrangements
with third parties who possess sufficient service capabilities.
This could
reduce Rosetta's gross margins and expose it to the risks inherent in relying on
others.
Rosetta

                                      -92-

may not be able to successfully outsource its installation or customer service
functions or enter into licensing or other arrangements with these third
parties, which could harm its sales and its revenues.

        
In 2000, Rosetta opened a high-throughput gene expression profiling
facility in which it generates data from gene expression profiling experiments.

Data generation from these experiments is typically a key element in Rosetta's
performance obligations under collaboration agreements.
Since Rosetta has only
recently opened its high-throughput gene expression profiling facility, Rosetta
has limited experience industrializing data generation processes.
Rosetta's
limited experience in predicting demand in this area increases the risk that it
may be unable to satisfy supply commitments or unable to enter into additional
agreements if it cannot increase capacity quickly enough or if it encounters
unanticipated problems in increasing capacity.
As a result, Rosetta could lose
existing customers, fail to attract additional customers, or fail to obtain
further orders from existing customers, any of which would adversely affect
revenues and Rosetta's financial position.

        
IF ROSETTA IS NOT ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE ITS EXPANSION, ROSETTA'S
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WOULD BE HARMED.

        
Rosetta has expanded rapidly over the past year and expects to
experience significant growth in the number of its employees and customers and
the scope of its operations.
This expansion may continue to place a significant
strain on Rosetta's management and operations.
Rosetta's ability to manage this
expansion will depend upon its ability to broaden its management team.
Rosetta's
success will also depend on the ability of its officers and key employees to
continue to implement and improve Rosetta's operational and other systems, to
manage multiple, concurrent customer relationships and to train and manage
Rosetta's employees.

        
IF ROSETTA IS UNABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY ADAPT ITS PRODUCTS FOR COMMERCIAL
        APPLICATIONS, ROSETTA'S REVENUES AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL SUFFER.

        
Rosetta has completed the initial development of the Rosetta Resolver
System technology and FlexJet DNA microarray technology for applications in gene
expression profile analysis.
Rosetta may not be able to successfully adapt its
products to the commercial requirements of drug discovery or healthcare
research.
A number of potential applications of Rosetta's technology in these
fields will require significant enhancements in Rosetta's core technology,
including adaptation of its software.
Market acceptance will depend on many
factors, including demonstrating to customers that Rosetta's technology is
superior to other technologies and products which are available now or which may
become available in the future.
Rosetta believes that its revenue growth and
profitability will substantially depend on its ability to overcome significant
technological challenges and successfully introduce Rosetta's products into the
marketplace.
If Rosetta is unable, for technological or other reasons, to
complete the development, introduction or scale-up of the manufacturing of any
product, or if any product does not achieve a significant level of market
acceptance, Rosetta's revenues and results of operations will be seriously
harmed.

                                      
-93-

        ROSETTA FACES RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ACQUISITIONS.

        
As part of Rosetta's business strategy, Rosetta may from time to time
acquire assets and businesses principally relating to, or complementary to, its
operations.
For example, in 1999 Rosetta acquired Acacia Biosciences, Inc. in
order to acquire specific technology.
Risks of acquisitions include, among other
things, the following:

        -  exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies;

        -  acquisition costs and expenses; and

        -  difficulty and expense of assimilating the technology and operations
           and retaining personnel and customers of the acquired businesses.

        
Rosetta's financial condition could be materially and adversely affected
if it does not overcome these potential problems.
In addition, as part of its
business strategy, Rosetta may seek to be acquired by another company, however,
while the merger agreement is in effect, Rosetta is prohibited from soliciting,
initiating, encouraging or inducing, directly or indirectly, a takeover proposal
from any third party.

        
THERE MAY BE ETHICAL AND OTHER CONCERNS SURROUNDING THE USE OF GENETIC
        INFORMATION WHICH COULD LIMIT ROSETTA'S ABILITY TO DEVELOP AND SELL ITS
        EXISTING PRODUCTS AND NEW PRODUCTS.

        
The genetic screening of humans has raised ethical issues regarding the
confidentiality and appropriate uses of the resulting information.
Government
authorities may regulate or prohibit the use of genetic testing to determine
genetic predispositions to certain conditions.
Additionally, the public may
disfavor and reject the use of genetic testing.
It is possible that the
government authorities and the public may fail to distinguish between the
genetic screening of humans and genomic and proteomic research.
If this occurs,
Rosetta's products and the processes for which Rosetta's products are used may
be subject to government regulations intended to affect genetic screening.

Further, if the public fails to distinguish between the two fields, it may
pressure Rosetta's customers to discontinue the research and development
initiatives for which Rosetta's products are used.
If this occurs, the potential
market for Rosetta's products could be reduced, which could seriously harm
Rosetta's financial condition and results of operations.

        
CONSOLIDATION WITHIN THE PHARMACEUTICAL AND BIOTECHNOLOGY INDUSTRIES
MAY
        HARM ROSETTA'S EFFORTS TO MARKET AND COMMERCIALIZE ROSETTA'S PRODUCTS.

        
Consolidation within the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries has
heightened the competition for services of the type provided by Rosetta.
If this
consolidation trend continues, it may result in fewer customers for Rosetta's
services, price erosion and greater competition

                                      -94-

among Rosetta and its competitors.
Rosetta's potential partners may consolidate,
which could decrease the value of its technologies and shrink the research
market Rosetta targets for its products.

        
THE APPLICATION OF GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ROSETTA'S
        BUSINESS.

        
Any new drug or agricultural product developed by the efforts of
Rosetta's customers as a result of their use of Rosetta's technologies must
undergo an extensive regulatory review process in the United States and other
countries before it can be marketed.
This regulatory process can take many years
and requires substantial expense.
Changes in policies at the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration and the policies of similar foreign regulatory bodies can
increase the delay for each new drug, product license and biological license
application.
Rosetta expects similar delays in the regulatory review process for
any diagnostic or agricultural product, where similar review or other approval
is required.
Even if marketing clearance is obtained, a marketed product and its
manufacturer are subject to continuing review.
Discovery of previously unknown
problems with a product may result in withdrawal of the product from the market.

        
No product resulting from the use of Rosetta's data has been released
for commercialization in the United States or elsewhere.
In addition, no
investigational new drug application has been submitted for any such product
candidate.
Rosetta expects to rely on its customers to file such applications
and generally direct the regulatory review process.
Rosetta's customers may not
submit applications for regulatory review, or may not obtain marketing clearance
for any products on a timely basis, if at all.
If Rosetta's customers fail to
obtain required governmental clearances, it will prevent them from marketing
drugs or diagnostic products until such clearance can be obtained, if at all.

The occurrence of any of these events may cause Rosetta's business and results
of operations to suffer.

        
In addition, Rosetta's access to and use of human or other tissue
samples or biological or hazardous material in the expansion of its array and
informatics and genomic platforms technologies may become subject to government
regulation, both in the United States and abroad.
United States and foreign
government agencies may also impose restrictions on the use of data derived from
human or other tissue samples or biological or hazardous material.
If Rosetta's
access to or use of human tissue samples or biological or hazardous material, or
Rosetta's customers' use of data derived from such samples or other materials,
is restricted, Rosetta's business will suffer.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

        Rosetta's exposure to market risk is limited to interest income
sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest
rates, particularly because the majority of Rosetta's investments are in
short-term debt securities issued by U.S. corporations.
The primary objective of
Rosetta's investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time
maximizing the income it receives without significantly increasing risk.
To
minimize risk, Rosetta maintains its portfolio of cash, cash equivalents and
investments in a variety of high-

                                      -95-

grade securities and with a variety of issuers, including corporate notes,
commercial paper and money market funds.
Due to the nature of Rosetta's
investments, it believes that it is not subject to any material market interest
risk exposure.
Rosetta does not have any foreign currency or other derivative
financial instruments.

                             
THE BUSINESS OF ROSETTA

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

        Rosetta was incorporated in Delaware in December 1996 as Rosetta
Biosystems, Inc.
In September 1997, Rosetta changed its name to Rosetta
Inpharmatics, Inc.
Rosetta, Rosetta Resolver, FlexJet, Genecipher, Pathcipher,
Leadcipher, Toxcipher and GEML are trademarks of Rosetta Inpharmatics, Inc.
All
other brand names or trademarks appearing herein are the property of their
respective holders.


OVERVIEW OF ROSETTA'S BUSINESS

        Rosetta is a leader in the emerging field of informational genomics.

Informational genomics involves acquiring, storing, and analyzing gene
expression information gathered from throughout a cell to identify a majority of
the medically important drug targets and gene functions.
Rosetta combines the
power of informatics and genomics to create a proprietary platform that
accelerates and enhances the drug discovery process for pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies and improves agricultural products.

        
Rosetta's informational genomics platform can accelerate drug discovery
and healthcare research by converting the rapidly growing amount of expression
profiling data into information critical to these processes.
Rosetta provides a
proprietary genomic expression profiling platform including hardware and
software products that is designed to provide seamless solutions for efficient,
cost-effective and powerful discovery programs.
Rosetta's technology builds a
critical mass of coherent gene expression data and provides a comprehensive
description of a given drug compound's effect on all relevant targets within a
cell simultaneously.

        
Rosetta's technology platform consists of the Rosetta Resolver
Expression Data Analysis System, high-throughput gene expression profiling
utilizing Rosetta's FlexJet DNA microarray technology and coherent data sets of
information generated from microarrays.
Rosetta believes that its technology
offers partners the potential of accelerated drug discovery, increased
probability of successful outcome and lower overall costs of developing drugs.

Rosetta generates revenue by providing its technologies as separate components
sold as products either by Rosetta or Rosetta's partners or as an integrated
platform as a part of research collaborations with pharmaceutical, biotechnology
and agricultural customers.
In October 1999, Rosetta entered into a seven-year
strategic partnership with Agilent Technologies, Inc. to co-market the Rosetta
Resolver System and for Agilent to manufacture and sell DNA microarrays using
Rosetta's inkjet technology.
In November 2000, Rosetta entered into a three-year
research collaboration with the Monsanto Company using Rosetta's technology
platform to develop and

                                      -96-

deliver a substantial body of gene expression information.


BACKGROUND

        All living cells contain molecules of DNA.
DNA molecules determine the
inherited characteristics of all organisms.
Each double helix DNA molecule
contains two complementary strands comprised of four different types of
nucleotide bases, commonly known as G, C, A and T.
The order of these bases,
called the DNA sequence, is used by the cell to make proteins, replicate itself
and perform its specific role in the organism.
Each G on one DNA strand pairs
with a C on the complementary strand, and similarly each A pairs with a T. This
pairing is the basis for many of the measurement technologies discussed below.

The entire DNA content of an organism is called its genome.

        Genes, which are segments of DNA, contain a set of instructions for the
cell to produce a specific protein.
Each cell contains a full set of genes, but
each cell type expresses only those genes necessary for its specific function.

When genes are expressed, copies of the DNA sequence, called messenger RNA, are
used to direct the manufacture of a protein.
Cells use proteins to carry out
their functions.
For example, the insulin receptor protein on pancreatic cells
is essential for the proper metabolism of sugar.
For an individual to be
healthy, the correct proteins must be produced at the right time in the
appropriate amounts in the correct cells.
DNA variations, along with effects of
environment and infectious disease, can change the amount and function of a
protein.
Drugs are effective to the extent that they modify specific protein
functions.

        
Efforts to discover the order of the nucleotide bases in large segments
of the human genome, known as sequencing, began in the mid-1980s when high
throughput sequencing became available.
The goal was to develop new medical
treatments and diagnostics based on genetic information.
In the early 1990s,
governments and foundations sponsored an intensification of these efforts, which
came to be known as the Human Genome Project.
According to the Human Genome
Project, the overall public sector expenditure on the Human Genome Project is
expected to total approximately $2 billion by 2001.
In parallel with the public
sector effort, a large private sector effort emerged in the mid 1990s.
The
results of the public and private sequencing efforts were published in
scientific journals beginning in 2001.
However, the vast amount of sequence
information produced cannot be directly used for the development of medical
applications without a more sophisticated understanding of gene function.

        
As the sequencing of the human genome is completed, researchers are
increasingly focusing their efforts on interpreting this broad base of sequence
information.
This will result in a better understanding of the roles genes and
proteins play in biochemical pathways and the mechanisms of disease.
These
advances in genomics have generated high expectations that the drug discovery
process may be transformed through rapid and efficient discovery of new drug
targets in model organisms and human cells.
Drug targets are proteins within
each cell that are potentially responsive to drug therapies.
When these targets
are identified, researchers test many compounds against them and, based on the
reaction of the target to the compound, attempt to determine if a potential drug
candidate is likely to be successful.

                                      
-97-

        Genomics has given rise to a variety of methodologies that are now being
used to discover new targets and therapeutic approaches.
For example, the
discovery of new targets is often facilitated by comparing the DNA sequence of
the potential target with that of known targets.
This approach may also be used
to identify which molecular target in humans is likely to be analogous to a
target previously identified in an animal model.
Targets can also be identified
by determining which genes are responsible for a given disease.

        
Genomics has helped identify genetic variations which are a major
component of nearly all diseases, including cancer, diabetes and cardiovascular
disease.