URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1141185/000095012301503935/0000950123-01-503935.txt

These statements occur in, among
other places:

     - "Questions and Answers about the Kerr-McGee/HS Resources Merger";

     - "Summary Selected Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Financial
       Information";

     - "Risk Factors";

     - "The Merger -- Background of the Merger; HS Resources' Reasons for the
       Merger; Recommendation of the Board of Directors of HS Resources";

     - "The Merger -- Opinion of HS Resources' Financial Advisor";

     - "Comparative Per Share Information -- Comparative Market Price and
       Dividend Information";

     - "Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements"; and

     - Statements contained elsewhere in this document concerning Kerr-McGee's
       and HS Resources' plans for the combined company's growth and future
       operations or financial position.

     
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance.
They involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
The future results and stockholder values
of Kerr-McGee, HS Resources and the combined company may differ materially from
those expressed in these forward-looking statements.
Many of the factors that
will determine these results and values are beyond Kerr-McGee's and HS
Resources' ability to control or predict.
Stockholders of HS Resources are
cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
Except
for their ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required by
the federal securities laws, Kerr-McGee and HS Resources do not have any
intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after they
distribute this document, even if new information, future events or other
circumstances have made them incorrect or misleading.
For those statements,
Kerr-McGee and HS Resources claim the protection of the safe harbor for
forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995.

     
You should understand that various factors, in addition to those discussed
elsewhere in this document and in the documents referred to in this document,
could affect the future results of the combined company following the merger and
could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such
forward-looking statements, including:

     - materially adverse changes in general economic conditions or in the
       markets served by Kerr-McGee and HS Resources, including changes in the
       prices of oil, natural gas, titanium dioxide pigments and other
       chemicals;

     - the success of the combined company's oil and natural gas exploration,
       development and production programs;

     - uncertainties about estimates of reserves;

     - the ability of Kerr-McGee and HS Resources to retain certain key
       employees and thereby continue the execution of the HS Resources business
       plan;

     - the financial resources of competitors;

     - changes in laws and regulations, including environmental laws, or changes
       in the administration of such laws and regulations;

     - the quality of future opportunities that may be presented to or pursued
       by Kerr-McGee, HS Resources or the combined company;

     - the ability to generate cash flows or obtain financing to fund growth and
       the cost of such financing;

     - the ability to obtain regulatory approvals;

     - the ability to respond to challenges in international markets, including
       changes in currency exchange rates, political or economic conditions, and
       trade and regulatory matters; and

     - the ability to complete and integrate appropriate acquisitions, strategic
       alliances and joint ventures.

                                   
THE MERGER

GENERAL

     The merger agreement provides that HS Resources Merger Sub will merge into
HS Resources with HS Resources surviving and that Kerr-McGee Merger Sub will
merge into Kerr-McGee with Kerr-McGee surviving.
Because both HS Resources
Merger Sub and Kerr-McGee Merger Sub are direct, wholly owned subsidiaries of
Kerr-McGee Holdco, after the completion of the mergers Kerr-McGee Holdco will
own both the current Kerr-McGee and HS Resources as its subsidiaries.
At the
effective time of the mergers, Kerr-McGee Holdco, the new holding company, will
change its name to Kerr-McGee Corporation and the former Kerr-McGee will be
renamed Kerr-McGee Operating Corporation.
Each share of common stock of
Kerr-McGee will become one share of common stock of the new holding company with
no exchange of stock certificates.
The new holding company will have the same
certificate of incorporation, bylaws, directors and officers as the former
Kerr-McGee and its common stock will be publicly traded and listed on the New
York Stock Exchange under the same symbol as the former Kerr-McGee's common
stock.


BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On December 4, 2000, at its regular quarterly meeting, the board of
directors of HS Resources discussed how the changing oil and gas industry
environment might impact HS Resources' strategic direction.
The board concluded
that it should be prepared to discuss in more detail, at its next regular
meeting in February 2001, the various strategic alternatives available to HS
Resources, and the board instructed management to prepare to facilitate such a
discussion.

     
In early January 2001, HS Resources' management began an internal
evaluation and strategic alternatives analysis.
On January 5, 2001, Nicholas J.
Sutton, HS Resources' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, discussed with a
representative of Lehman Brothers Inc., long-time financial advisor to HS
Resources, the possibility of Lehman Brothers assisting in the analysis.

Accordingly, on January 25, 2001, representatives of Lehman Brothers met in San
Francisco with senior management of HS Resources to discuss the various
strategic alternatives available to HS Resources.
Following the discussion, Mr.
Sutton asked Lehman Brothers to present to the HS Resources board at its
February 2001 meeting Lehman Brothers' view of the strategic alternatives
available to HS Resources.

     
At the regular HS Resources board meeting on February 15, 2001,
representatives of Lehman Brothers engaged in a discussion of the environment
for exploration and production companies and analyzed several strategic
alternatives available to HS Resources, including to continue the company's
business in accordance with its existing plan, to acquire or merge with another
company for the purpose of growing, or to enter into a terminating transaction
in the form of a merger or a sale of HS Resources or its assets.

     
On March 7, 2001, Shell Oil Company announced that it had made a proposal
to the board of Barrett Resources Corporation to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of Barrett, and on March 12, 2001, Shell commenced an unsolicited tender
offer for the Barrett shares.
Shortly after the announcement of the Shell
proposal, Mr. Sutton asked Lehman Brothers to present to the HS Resources board
Lehman Brothers'

views on how the Barrett situation might affect HS Resources' strategic
alternatives in light of the fact that HS Resources' assets and business are
similar to those of Barrett.
Representatives of Lehman Brothers did so at a
special telephonic meeting of the HS Resources board on March 12, 2001.
During
the meeting Lehman Brothers discussed the various alternatives that had been
discussed previously with the HS Resources board as well as the ongoing
consolidation in the industry as demonstrated by Shell's offer to acquire
Barrett.
Lehman Brothers suggested that the stock market activity related to HS
Resources and similarly situated exploration and production companies following
the Shell announcement underscored the market's expectation that such
consolidation would continue.
In addition, Lehman Brothers discussed the
possibility that exploration and production companies of HS Resources' size
would likely continue to be valued in the stock market at a discount to the
larger companies for the foreseeable future.
At the meeting Lehman Brothers also
discussed the industry conditions generally, and the Shell/Barrett situation
more particularly.
Following the Lehman Brothers presentation, the HS Resources
board concluded that additional information as to the potential acquisition
value of HS Resources was needed to properly evaluate the possible sale
alternative.
Accordingly, the HS Resources board decided to retain Lehman
Brothers to contact prospective acquirors to learn what level of interest might
exist if HS Resources were to consider a sale.
The board made clear that it had
not made a determination to sell the company, and that a sale would be pursued
only if it learned that the price that could be achieved was in the best
interest of the shareholders.
By engagement letter dated March 13, 2001, HS
Resources retained Lehman Brothers to proceed with this market test.

     
On March 15, 2001, HS Resources management and Lehman Brothers discussed a
strategy to conduct such a market test.
HS Resources' management made clear that
the market inquiry was to be conducted on a confidential basis because it
represented only one of HS Resources' strategic alternatives and because
management did not wish to destabilize the ongoing business by potentially
unwarranted public speculation concerning a potential transaction.
Lehman
Brothers and HS Resources' management identified a list of the companies most
likely to find HS Resources' assets and organization to be of strategic
interest.
Lehman Brothers was directed to contact each of these companies and
present it with an analysis, based solely on public data, of the strategic and
financial implications of a possible transaction with HS Resources.
If
sufficient interest existed, and subject to execution by interested parties of
confidentiality and standstill agreements, HS Resources management would provide
access to nonpublic information.

     
During the week of March 19, 2001, HS Resources' management and Lehman
Brothers agreed on a list of companies that would be contacted.
The list
included major integrated oil and gas companies, large independent exploration
and production companies, and companies in the power generation industry.
From
March 26, 2001 through April 9, 2001, Lehman Brothers met with these companies
to discuss HS Resources.

     
On April 17, 18 and 19, 2001, senior managers of HS Resources met with
three companies, including Kerr-McGee, that had expressed definite interest in
exploring further the possibility of a business combination.
Each of the three
companies signed confidentiality/standstill agreements.
The companies continued
due diligence during the weeks of April 23 and 30, 2001, and were provided
instructions regarding the submission of acquisition proposals, as well as a
proposed form of merger agreement.
The companies were advised to submit
proposals, including any changes they would require in the draft merger
agreement, to Lehman Brothers by the close of business on May 4, 2001.

     
On May 4, 2001, Kerr-McGee submitted a bid of $60.50 for each share of HS
Resources stock, with the consideration to be 70% cash and 30% stock, and
indicated a willingness to structure the transaction to obtain certain tax
efficiencies.
Kerr-McGee's bid had been approved by the finance committee of
Kerr-McGee's board of directors (although the proposed transaction was subject
to approval of the full board) and contained only customary conditions.

Kerr-McGee's proposal did not include a financing condition.
Kerr-McGee also
submitted a complete markup of the draft merger agreement.

     
A second interested company submitted an indication of interest that was
structured as an all stock pooling-of-interests transaction, with a fixed value
of $65.00 per share.
This proposal contained numerous

contingencies, including further due diligence, and the requirement that the
transaction receive pooling accounting treatment, and included a unilateral
right of the purchaser to terminate the transaction if the market price for the
purchaser's common stock fell below a specified level.
No markup of the merger
agreement was provided.
In telephone conversations with Lehman Brothers
following receipt of the indication of interest, this company gave assurances
that it could provide a markup soon and that the due diligence could be
completed within a short time.
This company also stated that the proposal
required internal investment committee approval and had not yet been presented
to its board of directors.

     
The third company that had attended the management presentations did not
submit a proposal.

     
HS Resources, Lehman Brothers and HS Resources' outside counsel, Davis
Graham & Stubbs and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, considered the proposals
over the weekend following May 4, 2001.
On May 6, 2001, Davis Graham & Stubbs
provided to HS Resources' senior management an analysis of the proposals from a
legal perspective and a summary of Kerr-McGee's material changes to the proposed
form of merger agreement, and Lehman Brothers provided a financial and
transactional analysis of the proposals.
HS Resources' general counsel and
outside counsel discussed with Lehman Brothers the legal and structural aspects
of the competing proposals in a conference call on the morning of May 6, 2001.

Lehman Brothers and HS Resources' management discussed the proposals in a
conference call later that day.
Following discussion and review of the Lehman
Brothers and Davis Graham & Stubbs materials, the HS Resources board directed
Lehman Brothers to contact the two parties to seek clarification and provide
guidance regarding their respective proposals.

     
On the evening of May 6, 2001, Lehman Brothers contacted a representative
of the second company and advised that the contingencies in the proposal needed
to be eliminated as soon as possible, that it needed to submit a markup of the
merger agreement immediately, that it needed to obtain all necessary internal
approvals, including board approval, that the company was at a competitive
disadvantage because of the contingent nature of its indication of interest and
that, while its value proposition was competitive, it should consider increasing
the consideration being offered.

     
On May 7, 2001, representatives of Lehman Brothers contacted Mr. Luke
Corbett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kerr-McGee.
They advised him
that Kerr-McGee's proposed value for HS Resources was not compelling, but that
its markup of the merger agreement suggested the parties could likely reach
agreement if appropriate value were offered.

     
On May 8, 2001, the Kerr-McGee board met and discussed its bid for HS
Resources.
Later that day, Mr. Corbett advised Lehman Brothers that Kerr-McGee
was increasing its bid to $66.00 per share in the same ratio of 70% cash and 30%
stock, and specified that the stock component would be issued on the basis of a
fixed exchange ratio to be agreed upon by the parties.
Lehman Brothers advised
Kerr-McGee that its revised proposal would be considered at the next HS
Resources board meeting, which was expected to take place on May 10.

     
On May 7, 2001, the second company requested the right to conduct
additional due diligence on HS Resources, which occurred early that week
telephonically and in person in Denver.
At that time, the second company was
advised that any additional proposal it desired to submit should be made by noon
Pacific time on Thursday, May 10, the date of the next HS Resources board
meeting.
The second company was again advised to eliminate the contingencies in
its offer, to address the value issues surrounding its bid (including the fixed
value mechanism and walk away right) and to consider increasing the value being
offered.
Additional due diligence and meetings among the parties and Lehman
Brothers were conducted on May 9 in Denver, at which these points were
reemphasized to the second company.
The second company indicated that it would
submit a revised proposal but that HS Resources should not expect to be offered
higher value.
On May 10, 2001, the second company submitted a revised offer
letter, along with a markup of the draft merger agreement.
The letter offered
$65.00 per share in a fixed value stock for stock pooling-of-interests
transaction, with the second company retaining the right (i) to change to a 50%
cash/50% stock transaction following execution of definitive agreements, and
(ii) if the purchaser's stock price declined by a specified percentage, to
substitute cash in lieu of stock.
The offer removed the due diligence condition,
but remained subject to internal committee and board approvals with

board consideration scheduled for Wednesday of the following week.
The offer by
its terms expired at 5:00 p.m. on May 10, 2001, if not accepted.

     
On May 10, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting, the board of HS
Resources considered the status of the proposals.
HS Resources' outside counsel
participated in the board meeting by conference telephone call to discuss the
board's duties, answer questions, generally advise the board concerning the
process that was underway and discuss the proposals and the terms of the revised
forms of merger agreement.
Counsel advised the board that, based on its review
of the Kerr-McGee draft merger agreement and preliminary review of the second
company's draft merger agreement, the second company's draft appeared to be
somewhat less favorable to HS Resources than the Kerr-McGee draft.
The board
discussed the respective advantages of pursuing the competing proposals, as well
as the relative values of the consideration offered.
Given the advanced state of
the Kerr-McGee proposal, the determination that the Kerr-McGee proposal appeared
to offer significantly greater probability of completion and the high value the
proposal represented, the board directed management to begin negotiating a
definitive merger agreement with Kerr-McGee.
The board also directed counsel to
undertake a more detailed review of the second company's draft merger agreement
and advised Lehman Brothers to inform the second company that it needed to
obtain all internal approvals, including board approval, as promptly as
possible.

     
On May 10, 2001, after the board meeting, Lehman Brothers contacted the
second company to indicate that the board approval contingency in its proposal
continued to disadvantage it in the negotiations.
Lehman also indicated that HS
Resources had not had an adequate opportunity to review the proposed changes to
the merger agreement.

     
Negotiations between Kerr-McGee and HS Resources commenced on May 11, 2001.

On May 12, 2001, the Kerr-McGee and HS Resources negotiating teams arrived at a
form of agreement that each was prepared to recommend to its board of directors.

Forms of the definitive merger agreement were distributed to members of both the
Kerr-McGee and HS Resources boards that evening.

     
On May 13, 2001, the HS Resources board met in San Francisco with
representatives of Lehman Brothers and HS Resources' general counsel and outside
counsel.
Lehman Brothers presented its analysis of the Kerr-McGee proposal,
discussed the process undertaken with Kerr-McGee and the second company,
provided its views as to value for both HS Resources common stock and Kerr-McGee
common stock, and delivered its opinion, orally and in writing, that as of such
date, based on and subject to the matters discussed with the HS Resources board,
the consideration to be offered to the HS Resources stockholders in the merger
was fair to the stockholders of HS Resources from a financial point of view.
HS
Resources' outside counsel advised the board regarding the two proposals under
consideration and the contingencies remaining in the second company's proposal.

Counsel then proceeded to advise the board concerning its fiduciary duties,
reviewed the terms of the merger agreement with the board and answered questions
of the board.
The board also reviewed each of the matters related to the
transaction in which the HS Resources board and HS Resources senior management
had an interest that would be different from or in addition to the interests of
HS Resources stockholders in general.
See "Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger."
Following the discussion, the board unanimously determined that the
proposed merger agreement with Kerr-McGee and the merger and the other
transactions provided for in the merger agreement were advisable and are fair to
and in the best interests of HS Resources and its stockholders, unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the merger and the other transactions provided
for in the merger agreement, and unanimously recommended that the stockholders
of HS Resources adopt the merger agreement.
Kerr-McGee and HS Resources then
executed the merger agreement.
The Kerr-McGee board had approved the merger
agreement earlier that day.
On May 14, 2001, Kerr-McGee and HS Resources issued
press releases announcing the merger transaction.

     
On May 14, 2001, following issuance of the press release, Lehman Brothers
received a telephone call and an e-mail message from a representative of the
second company.
The message indicated a revised bid of $66.50 per share of HS
Resources common stock, plus the $40 million break-up fee and certain expenses,
but did not specify the form of consideration or provide any other details.
On
the telephone call,

the representative of the second company stated that the proposal continued to
be subject to investment committee and board approval, which would be sought
later that week.

     
On May 14 and 15, 2001, the general counsel of HS Resources sent letters to
the companies other than Kerr-McGee that had received non-public information
regarding HS Resources informing them that HS Resources had entered into a
merger agreement with Kerr-McGee, requesting that they return confidential
material, and noting the continued effectiveness of the standstill provisions of
their confidentiality agreements.

     
On May 15, 2001, a representative of Lehman Brothers was contacted by a
representative of an investment banking firm that had been retained by the
second company in connection with the proposed transaction.
The representative
of Lehman Brothers confirmed that HS Resources had entered into a merger
agreement with Kerr-McGee and that the second company was subject to a
standstill agreement.
Since May 15, 2001, HS Resources has not had any further
communication with or from either of these companies relating to HS Resources
and Lehman Brothers' only contact has been telephone calls to request the return
of confidential information to HS Resources.


HS RESOURCES' REASONS FOR MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF HS
RESOURCES

     
At a special meeting of the HS Resources board held on May 13, 2001, the HS
Resources board unanimously:

     - determined that the merger agreement and the merger and the other
       transactions provided for in the merger agreement are advisable and are
       fair to and in the best interests of HS Resources and its stockholders;

     - approved the merger agreement and the merger and the other transactions
       provided for in the merger agreement;

     - recommended that the stockholders of HS Resources adopt the merger
       agreement; and

     - directed that the merger agreement be submitted for consideration by HS
       Resources' stockholders at a special meeting of HS Resources
       stockholders.

     
HS Resources' Reasons for the Merger.  
The HS Resources board has
determined that the merger is in the best interests of HS Resources and its
stockholders because it believes that the value of the cash and the stock
consideration in the combined company is more likely than not to be superior to
the long term value of an investment in HS Resources as a stand-alone company.

The decision of the HS Resources board to approve the merger agreement and
recommend its adoption by HS Resources' stockholders was based upon various
factors, including, in addition to the factors mentioned in "-- Background of
the Merger" on page 15, the following:

     - the judgment, advice and analyses of senior management of HS Resources,
       including senior management's analysis of conditions in the oil and gas
       exploration and production industry generally and the strategic options
       available to HS Resources, including HS Resources' continued pursuit of
       its strategic plan as an independent company;

     - the value of the cash and stock consideration offered in the merger in
       relation to historical and current market trading prices for HS Resources
       common stock and the underlying value of HS Resources' net assets;

     - the process of soliciting offers conducted by HS Resources management and
       Lehman Brothers, and the negotiations with Kerr-McGee and the second
       company, leading to the belief that the values of the Kerr-McGee proposal
       represented the highest price per share that could be negotiated for HS
       Resources stock;

     - the HS Resources board's consideration of the business, operations,
       financial position, prospects and personnel of HS Resources and
       Kerr-McGee on a combined basis;

     - the discussions with HS Resources' counsel and Lehman Brothers regarding
       the terms of the merger agreement, the ability of HS Resources under
       certain conditions to consider unsolicited alternative proposals, the
       ability to terminate the agreement on certain conditions and the
       termination fee payable in the event of the occurrence of certain
       termination events (see "The Merger Agreement" beginning on page 52,
       including "-- Conditions to the Completion of the Merger," "-- No
       Solicitation of Takeover Proposals," "-- Termination," and
       "-- Termination Fees and Expenses").
The HS Resources board considered
       that provisions of the merger agreement prohibiting HS Resources from
       soliciting further acquisition proposals and requiring the payment of a
       termination fee to Kerr-McGee in certain events could have the effect of
       deterring alternative acquisition proposals.
The board concluded that
       this effect was not so great as to preclude the emergence of a higher
       offer for HS Resources and that the merger agreement contains appropriate
       provisions allowing the board to terminate the merger agreement in order
       to accept such an offer if one were made;

     - the opinion of Lehman Brothers described below that, as of the date of
       such opinion and based upon and subject to certain matters stated
       therein, the consideration to be offered to the stockholders of HS
       Resources was fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of
       HS Resources (see "-- Opinion of HS Resources' Financial Advisor" on page
       20); and

     - that the merger will be accomplished, for United States federal income
       tax purposes, on a potentially tax-deferred basis, in whole or in part,
       to stockholders who elect to receive stock consideration (see
       "-- Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences" on page 34).

     
The merger agreement was the end product of a process involving contacts
with a number of companies, of which several were potentially interested and
received an initial presentation by Lehman Brothers.
These companies represented
various types of businesses that were expected to have an interest in acquiring
HS Resources.
Three of these companies devoted significant time and effort to
studying non-public data concerning HS Resources and a possible acquisition of
HS Resources, and two submitted proposals.
The proposal submitted by Kerr-McGee
was not only the higher of the two in terms of the consideration offered to HS
Resources stockholders, but also appeared to offer greater certainty of
completion.

     
In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
to recommend adoption of the merger agreement by the HS Resources stockholders,
the HS Resources board did not view any single factor as determinative, and did
not find it necessary or practicable to assign any relative or specific weights
to the various factors considered.
Furthermore, individual directors may have
given differing weights to different factors.

     
The HS Resources board believes that each of the factors listed above
supports the decision to adopt the merger agreement.
The HS Resources board did
not specifically adopt Lehman Brothers' opinion, but did rely on it in reaching
its conclusion that the merger is advisable and fair to and in the best
interests of HS Resources and its stockholders and considered it an important
factor in determining whether to approve the merger agreement.
The HS Resources
board was aware of the relationship between Lehman Brothers and Kerr-McGee as
described under "Opinion of HS Resources' Financial Advisor" on page 20 and
concluded that the ability of Lehman Brothers to act in the best interest of HS
Resources had not been compromised, and that Lehman Brothers had in fact so
acted in carrying out its assignment.

     
Recommendation of the HS Resources Board.  
The HS Resources board
unanimously recommends that the stockholders of HS Resources vote "FOR" adoption
of the merger agreement.


OPINION OF HS RESOURCES' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Lehman Brothers has acted as financial advisor to HS Resources in
connection with the proposed transaction.
On May 13, 2001, Lehman Brothers
rendered its opinion to the board that as of such date, and based upon and
subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial point of view, the
consideration to be offered to the HS Resources stockholders in the merger was
fair to such stockholders.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION, DATED MAY 13, 2001, IS INCLUDED
AS ANNEX B TO THIS DOCUMENT AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE.

HOLDERS OF HS RESOURCES' COMMON STOCK MAY READ LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION FOR A
DISCUSSION OF THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, FACTORS CONSIDERED, ASSUMPTIONS MADE AND
QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LEHMAN BROTHERS IN
CONNECTION WITH ITS OPINION.

     
LEHMAN BROTHERS' ADVISORY SERVICES AND OPINION WERE PROVIDED FOR THE
INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE OF THE HS RESOURCES BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN CONNECTION
WITH ITS CONSIDERATION OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION.
LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER
OF HS RESOURCES AS TO WHETHER TO VOTE FOR OR AGAINST THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.
LEHMAN BROTHERS WAS NOT REQUESTED TO OPINE AS TO, AND ITS OPINION
DOES NOT ADDRESS, HS RESOURCES' UNDERLYING BUSINESS DECISION TO PROCEED WITH OR
EFFECT THE MERGER.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed or considered, among
other things:

     - the merger agreement in substantially the form to be executed and the
       specific terms of the proposed transaction;

     - publicly available information concerning HS Resources that Lehman
       Brothers believed to be relevant to its analysis, including HS Resources'
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and HS
       Resources' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31,
       2001;

     - publicly available information concerning Kerr-McGee that Lehman Brothers
       believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Kerr-McGee's Annual
       Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and Kerr-McGee's
       press release relating to Kerr-McGee's earnings announcement for the
       period ended March 31, 2001;

     - published estimates of third party research analysts with respect to the
       future financial performance of HS Resources and Kerr-McGee;

     - financial and operating information with respect to the business,
       operations and prospects of HS Resources furnished to Lehman Brothers by
       HS Resources, including certain financial projections for HS Resources
       for the period from 2001 through 2005 prepared by HS Resources;

     - estimates of proved and non-proved reserves and future production,
       revenue, operating costs and capital investment for HS Resources prepared
       by HS Resources;

     - trading histories of the common stock of HS Resources and Kerr-McGee from
       May 12, 2000 to May 11, 2001 and a comparison of those trading histories
       with each other and with those of other companies that Lehman Brothers
       deemed relevant;

     - a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial
       condition of HS Resources and Kerr-McGee with each other and with those
       of other companies that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     - the potential pro forma impact of the proposed transaction on the future
       financial performance of the combined company;

     - a comparison of the financial terms of the proposed transaction with the
       financial terms of certain other transactions that Lehman Brothers deemed
       relevant; and

     - Lehman Brothers' efforts to solicit indications of interest and proposals
       from third parties with respect to an acquisition of HS Resources.

     
In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of HS
Resources concerning HS Resources' business, operations, assets, financial
condition, prospects, reserves, production profiles and exploration programs and
undertook such other studies, analyses and investigations as Lehman Brothers
deemed appropriate.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman
Brothers without assuming any responsibility for

independent verification of the information and further relied upon the
assurances of management of HS Resources that they were not aware of any facts
or circumstances that would make the information inaccurate or misleading.
With
respect to the financial projections of HS Resources and the estimates of future
production, revenue, operating costs and capital investment for HS Resources,
upon advice of HS Resources, Lehman Brothers assumed that these projections and
estimates were reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of HS Resources' management as to the future
performance of HS Resources, and that HS Resources would perform substantially
in accordance with such projections and estimates.
Lehman Brothers was not
provided with, and did not have access to, any financial projections of
Kerr-McGee.
However, Kerr-McGee confirmed to Lehman Brothers that the published
estimates of third party research analysts were a reasonable basis upon which to
evaluate the future financial performance of Kerr-McGee.
In arriving at its
opinion, Lehman Brothers did not conduct a physical inspection of the properties
and facilities of HS Resources or Kerr-McGee and did not make or obtain any
evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of HS Resources or
Kerr-McGee.
Lehman Brothers' opinion necessarily was based on market, economic
and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, May 13,
2001.

     
No limitations were imposed by HS Resources on the scope of Lehman
Brothers' investigation or the procedures to be followed by Lehman Brothers in
rendering its opinion.
In connection with rendering its opinion, Lehman Brothers
performed financial, comparative and other analyses as described below.
In
arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific range of
value to HS Resources, but rather made its determination as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the consideration per share to be offered to
HS Resources' stockholders in the proposed transaction on the basis of the
analysis described below.
The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and
comparative analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances, and, therefore, an opinion of this type is not readily
susceptible to summary description.
Furthermore, in arriving at its opinion,
Lehman Brothers did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or
factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, Lehman
Brothers believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
considering any portion of the analyses and the factors considered, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its opinion.
In its analyses, Lehman Brothers
made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business
and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control
of HS Resources.
Any estimates contained in the analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth in the analyses.
In
addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses could actually be sold.

  
Valuation Analysis: HS Resources

     Lehman Brothers performed a valuation of HS Resources using the following
methodologies: net asset valuation analysis, comparable companies analysis and
comparable transactions analysis.
Each of these methodologies was used to
generate a reference enterprise value range for HS Resources.
The enterprise
value range was adjusted for appropriate on and off balance sheet assets and
liabilities to arrive at an equity value range (in aggregate dollars).
The
equity value range was divided by fully diluted shares outstanding, which is
comprised of primary shares and outstanding options.
The per share equity value
ranges were then compared to the consideration to be offered to HS Resources'
stockholders in the merger.
The implied per share equity values derived using
the various valuation methodologies described above supported the conclusion
that the consideration offered to the HS Resources' stockholders in the proposed
transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders.

     
The various valuation methodologies noted above and the implied per share
equity values derived from these methodologies are included in the following
table.
This table should be read together with the more detailed descriptions
set forth below.
The table alone does not constitute a complete description of
the financial and comparative analyses performed by Lehman Brothers.
Considering
the implied per share equity values without considering the narrative
description of the financial analyses, including the assumptions underlying
these analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process
underlying, and conclusions represented by, the Lehman Brothers' opinion.

                                                                         
IMPLIED EQUITY
VALUATION METHODOLOGY    SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF VALUATION METHODOLOGY    VALUE PER SHARE
- ---------------------    --------------------------------------------    
---------------

Net asset valuation
  analysis.............
                         
Net present valuation of after-tax cash flows
                         generated by proved reserves using selected
                         hydrocarbon pricing scenarios and discount
                         rates plus evaluation of probable reserves
                         and other assets and liabilities

                         - Case I Commodity Prices                        $37.45-$48.85

                         - Case II Commodity Prices                       $46.75-$59.60

                         - Case III Commodity Prices                      $63.06-$79.64

Comparable companies
  analysis.............
                         
Market valuation benchmark based on the
                         common stock trading multiples of selected
                         comparable companies for selected financial
                         and asset-based measures excluding
                         incorporation of a control premium               $49.69-$59.87

                         Comparable companies valuation analysis
                         incorporating a theoretical 25% control
                         premium                                          $62.11-$74.84
Comparable transactions
  analysis.............
                         
Market valuation benchmark based on
                         consideration paid in selected comparable
                         transactions                                     $47.14-$57.32

Consideration offered
  to HS Resources'
  stockholders in the
  merger calculated
  using an average of
  the closing prices on
  the five most recent
  trading days prior to
  the date of the
  opinion..............                                                   $       66.00

     Net Asset Valuation Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers estimated the present value
of the future after-tax cash flows expected to be generated from HS Resources'
proved, probable and possible reserves and the exploration portfolio as of
December 31, 2000 based on estimated reserves, production cost estimates and a
range of discount rates as described below and assuming a tax rate of 38%, all
as provided by HS Resources' management and discussed with HS Resources'
management.
Lehman Brothers added to these estimated values for proved, probable
and possible reserves and the exploration portfolio, assessments of the value of
certain other assets and liabilities of HS Resources, including the gathering,
marketing and transportation business units and the company's commodity hedging
portfolio.
Gathering, marketing and transportation business units were assessed
using a range of multiples as determined by Lehman Brothers through discussions
with HS Resources' management.
The net asset valuation analysis was performed
under three commodity price scenarios (Case I, Case II and Case III), which are
described below.

     
The natural gas and oil price forecasts employed by Lehman Brothers were
based on New York Mercantile Exchange ("NYMEX") price forecasts (assuming Henry
Hub, Louisiana delivery for natural gas and West Texas Intermediate, Cushing,
Oklahoma delivery for oil) from which adjustments were made to reflect location
and quality differentials.
NYMEX gas price quotations are stated in heating
value equivalents per million British Thermal Units ("MMBtu"), which are
adjusted to reflect the value per thousand cubic feet ("MCF") of gas.
NYMEX oil
price quotations are stated in dollars per barrel of crude oil.
The table below
presents a summary of the commodity forecasts employed by Lehman Brothers for
each pricing case.

                                                                              
ESCALATION
HENRY HUB ($/MMBTU)                                   2001E   2002E   2003E   THEREAFTER
- -------------------                                   -----   -----   -----   ----------

Case I..............................................  $5.00   $4.00   $3.50      2.0%
Case II.............................................  $5.24   $4.39   $4.13      1.0%
Case III............................................  $5.96   $5.11   $4.69      2.5%

                                                                              ESCALATION
WEST TEXAS INTERMEDIATE ($/BARREL)                 2001E    2002E    2003E    THEREAFTER
- ----------------------------------                 ------   ------   ------   
----------

Case I...........................................  $26.50   $22.50   $21.00      2.0%
Case II..........................................  $28.59   $25.81   $23.13      1.0%
Case III.........................................  $27.60   $24.44   $23.42      2.5%

     The following table summarizes the discount rate ranges Lehman Brothers
employed to estimate the present value of the future after-tax cash flows for
each of the different reserve categories.

                                                             
LOW DISCOUNT   HIGH DISCOUNT
RESERVE CATEGORY                                              RATE CASE       RATE CASE
- ----------------                                             ------------   -------------

Proved Developed Producing.................................        9%            11%
Proved Developed Non-producing.............................       11%            13%
Proved Undeveloped.........................................       13%            15%
Probable...................................................       15%            18%
Possible...................................................       20%            30%
Exploration Portfolio......................................       30%            50%

     The net asset valuation analysis resulted in implied per share equity
values of $37.45 to $48.85 for Case I; $46.75 to $59.60 for Case II; and $63.06
to $79.64 for Case III.
The consideration of $66.00 per share offered to HS
Resources' stockholders in the merger exceeds the high end of the valuation
ranges for Case I and II and falls within the range for Case III.

     Comparable Companies Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers reviewed the public stock
market trading multiples for selected exploration and production companies
including:

     - Barrett Resources Corporation

     - Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation

     - Chesapeake Energy Corporation

     - Cross Timbers Oil Company

     - Forest Oil Corporation

     - Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp.

     - Patina Oil & Gas Corporation

     - Pioneer Natural Resources Company

     - Swift Energy Company

     - Tom Brown, Inc.

     Using publicly available information, including certain published equity
research estimates from Lehman Brothers and elsewhere, Lehman Brothers
calculated and analyzed equity and adjusted capitalization multiples of certain
historical and projected financial and operating criteria such as earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and exploration
expenses ("EBITDE"), proved reserves, net income and discretionary cash flow.

The adjusted capitalization of each company was obtained by adding its long-term
debt to the sum of the market value of the common equity, the value of its
preferred stock and the book value of any minority interest, minus cash balance.

The projected 2001 and 2002 EBITDE multiple ranges were determined to be 4.0x to
5.0x and 4.5x to 5.5x, respectively.
Proved reserve multiple ranges were
determined to be $1.10 to $1.40 per thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent
("Mcfe"); the multiples were applied to HS Resources' internal proved reserve
estimates as of December 31, 2000.
The appropriate projected 2001 and 2002 net
income multiple ranges were determined to be 8.0x to 10.0x and 10.0x to 12.0x,
respectively.
The appropriate projected 2001 and 2002 discretionary cash flow
multiple ranges were determined to be 3.5x to 4.5x and 4.0x to 5.0x,
respectively.

     
This methodology yielded valuations for HS Resources that implied a per
share equity value range of $46.69 to $59.87.
Additionally, a theoretical
control premium was applied to reflect the potential additional per share value
of owning a majority interest in the equity of HS Resources.
This theoretical
control premium was estimated to be 25%.
This methodology yielded valuations for
HS Resources that implied a per share equity value range of $62.11 to $74.84.

The consideration of $66.00 per share offered to HS Resources' stockholders in
the merger falls within this range.

     
Because of the inherent differences between the corporate structure,
businesses, operations and prospects of HS Resources and the corporate
structure, businesses, operations and prospects of the companies included in the
comparable company groups, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate
to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the
analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments concerning
differences between the financial and operating characteristics of HS Resources
and the companies in the comparable company group that would affect the public
trading values of HS Resources and such comparable companies.

     
Comparable Transactions Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers reviewed certain
publicly available information on selected corporate level and asset acquisition
transactions which were announced or took place from January 1997 to May 2001,
including:

     - The Williams Companies, Inc./Barrett Resources Corporation

     - Pure Resources, Inc./Hallwood Energy Corporation

     - Vintage Petroleum, Inc./Genesis Exploration Ltd.

     - PrimeWest Energy Trust/Cypress Energy Inc.

     - Anadarko Petroleum Corporation/Berkley Petroleum Corp.

     - Calpine Corporation/Encal Energy Ltd.

     - Bellwether Exploration Company/Bargo Energy Company

     - Ocean Energy Inc./Texoil, Inc.

     - Anderson Exploration Ltd./Numac Energy Inc.

     - Alberta Energy Company Ltd./Ballard Petroleum, LLC

     - Texaco
Inc./EnerVest Management Partners, Ltd.

     - USX-Marathon Group/Pennaco Energy Inc.

     - Pogo Producing Company/North Central Oil Corporation

     - Stone Energy Corporation/Basin Exploration, Inc.

     - Forest Oil Corporation/Forcenergy Inc.

     - Devon Energy Corporation/Santa Fe Snyder Corporation

     - BP Amoco Corporation/Vastar Resources, Inc.

     - AEC Oil & Gas (USA) Inc./McMurry Oil Company

     - Pure Resources, Inc./Titan Exploration, Inc.

     - Devon Energy Corporation/PennzEnergy Company

     - Santa Fe Energy Resources, Inc./Snyder Oil Corporation

     - Ocean Energy Inc./United Meridian

     - Burlington Resources
Inc./The Louisiana Land & Exploration Company

     - Mesa Inc./Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company

     
For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples were analyzed
including: total purchase price (equity purchase price plus assumed obligations)
divided by latest twelve month ("LTM") EBITDE; total purchase price divided by
proved oil and natural gas reserves on an Mcfe basis; and equity purchase price
divided by the LTM discretionary cash flow.
The appropriate LTM EBITDE multiple
range was determined to be 6.0x to 7.0x.
The appropriate proved reserve multiple
range for corporate transactions was determined to be $1.00 to $1.40 per Mcfe.

The appropriate proved reserve multiple range for asset acquisitions was
determined to be $1.10 to $1.25 per Mcfe.
The appropriate LTM discretionary cash
flow multiple range was determined to be 6.0x and 7.0x.

     
This methodology yielded valuations for HS Resources that implied per share
equity values ranging from $47.14 to $57.32.
The consideration of $66.00 per
share offered to the HS Resources' stockholders in the merger exceeds the high
end of this valuation range.

     
Because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances surrounding each
of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction and because of
the inherent differences between the businesses, operations and prospects of HS
Resources and the acquired businesses analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that it
was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative
results of the analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments
concerning differences between the characteristics of each of these transactions
and the proposed transaction.

     
Exploration and Production Transaction Premiums Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers
reviewed certain publicly available information related to selected exploration
and production corporate transactions to calculate the amount of the premiums
paid by the acquirers to the acquired company's stockholders.
Transactions
analyzed included:

     - The Williams Companies, Inc./Barrett Resources Corporation

     - Bellwether Exploration Company/Bargo Energy Company

     - Ocean Energy Inc./Texoil, Inc.

     - USX-Marathon Group/Pennaco Energy Inc.

     - Stone Energy Corporation/Basin Exploration, Inc.

     - Forest Oil Corporation/Forcenergy Inc.

     - Devon Energy Corporation/Santa Fe Snyder Corporation

     - Anadarko Petroleum Corporation/Union Pacific Resources Group Inc.

     Lehman Brothers calculated the premiums paid by the acquiror by comparing
the per share purchase price in each transaction to the historical stock price
of the acquired company as of one day, one week and one month prior to the
announcement date.
Lehman Brothers compared the premiums paid in the

precedent transactions to the premium levels implied by the $66.00 per share
consideration offered to HS Resources' stockholders in the merger.
The table
below sets forth the summary results of the analysis:

                                                               PERCENTAGE PREMIUM TO THE
                                                              PRICE AS OF DAY(S) PRIOR TO
                                                               TRANSACTION ANNOUNCEMENT
                                                              ---------------------------
SELECTED TRANSACTIONS                                         1-DAY    1-WEEK    4-WEEKS
- ---------------------                                         ------   -------   --------

Mean........................................................   25.5%    29.6%      41.7%
Median......................................................   20.1%    29.0%      41.8%
Premium offered to HS Resources' stockholders in the
  merger....................................................   
23.9%    41.4%      46.7%

     Additionally, Lehman Brothers advised the board of directors that the
$66.00 per share consideration offered to HS Resources' stockholders in the
merger was a premium of 21.1% to HS Resources' all-time and 52-week high of
$54.48.

 
Valuation Analysis: Kerr-McGee

     Lehman Brothers performed a valuation of Kerr-McGee using the following
methodologies: net asset valuation analysis, comparable companies analysis and
comparable transactions analysis.
Each of these methodologies was applied to
both the E&P and chemicals businesses to generate a reference enterprise value
range for each.
The two were then combined to arrive at a reference enterprise
value range for Kerr-McGee.
The enterprise value range was adjusted for
appropriate on and off balance sheet assets and liabilities to arrive at an
equity value range (in aggregate dollars).
The equity value range was divided by
fully diluted shares outstanding which is comprised of primary shares and
outstanding options.
The per share equity value ranges were then compared to the
value per Kerr-McGee share on May 11, 2001.
The implied per share equity values
derived using the various valuation methodologies described above supported the
conclusion that the consideration offered to HS Resources' stockholders in the
merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders.

     
The various valuation methodologies noted above and the implied per share
equity values derived from these methodologies are included in the following
table.
This table should be read together with the more detailed descriptions
set forth below.
The table alone does not constitute a complete description of
the financial and comparative analyses.
Considering the implied per share equity
values without considering the narrative description of the financial analyses,
including the assumptions underlying these analyses, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of the process underlying, and conclusions represented by,
Lehman Brothers' opinion.

                                                                         
IMPLIED EQUITY
VALUATION METHODOLOGY    SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF VALUATION METHODOLOGY    VALUE PER SHARE
- ---------------------    ---------------------------------------------   
---------------

Net asset valuation
  analysis.............
                         
Net present valuation of after-tax cash flows
                         generated by proved reserves using selected
                         hydrocarbon pricing scenarios and discount
                         rates plus evaluation of probable reserves
                         and other assets and liabilities

                         - Case I Commodity Prices                        $57.54-$70.62

                         - Case II Commodity Prices                       $66.57-$80.83

                         - Case III Commodity Prices                      $78.47-$94.89

Comparable companies
  analysis.............
                         
Market valuation benchmark based on the
                         common stock trading multiples of selected
                         comparable companies for selected financial
                         and asset-based measures excluding
                         incorporation of a control premium               $64.60-$86.08

                                                                         IMPLIED EQUITY
VALUATION METHODOLOGY    SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF VALUATION METHODOLOGY    VALUE PER SHARE
- ---------------------    ---------------------------------------------   ---------------

Comparable transactions
  analysis.............
                         
Market valuation benchmark based on
                         consideration paid in selected comparable
                         transactions                                     $76.74-$88.88

Value per Kerr-McGee
  share based on May
  11, 2001 closing
  price................                                                   $       70.57

     Net Asset Valuation Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers estimated the present value
of the future after-tax cash flows expected to be generated from Kerr-McGee's
proved reserves as of December 31, 2000 based on Kerr-McGee's year-end 2000
reserves and economics per FAS 69 data in its Form 10-K and a range of discount
rates deemed appropriate by Lehman Brothers and assuming a tax rate of 38%.

Lehman Brothers added to these estimated values for proved reserves assessments
of the value of certain other assets and liabilities of Kerr-McGee, including
probable and possible reserves and its exploration portfolio.
Identified
probable and possible reserves were assessed using a range of multiples of the
assessed value of proved reserves.
The exploration portfolio was assessed using
a value range of 1.0x to 1.5x book value.
The net asset valuation analysis was
performed under the three commodity price scenarios (Case I, Case II and Case
III) as previously described.

     
Lehman Brothers estimated the present value of the future after-tax cash
flows expected to be generated from Kerr-McGee's chemical business based on
Lehman Brothers' equity research cash flow estimates for the years 2001 through
2005, multiples to estimate the terminal value and discount rates of 11% and 9%
for the low and high cases, respectively, and assuming a tax rate of 38%.

     
The aggregate net asset valuation analysis resulted in implied per share
equity values of $57.74 to $70.62 for Case I; $66.57 to $80.83 for Case II; and
$78.47 to $94.89 for Case III.
The market value per Kerr-McGee share of $70.57
on May 11, 2001 falls at the higher end of the Case I valuation range, within
the Case II range and below the lower end of the Case III valuation range.

     
Comparable Companies Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers reviewed the public stock
market trading multiples for selected exploration and production companies
including:

     - Anadarko Petroleum Corporation

     - Apache Corporation

     - Burlington Resources Inc.

     - Devon Energy Corporation

     - EOG Resources, Inc.

     - Noble Affiliates, Inc.

     - Ocean Energy Inc.

     - Pioneer Natural Resources Company

     - Unocal Corporation

     Using publicly available information, including certain published equity
research estimates from Lehman Brothers and elsewhere, Lehman Brothers
calculated and analyzed equity and adjusted capitalization multiples of certain
historical and projected financial and operating criteria such as EBITDE, proved
reserves, net income and discretionary cash flow.
The adjusted capitalization of
each company was obtained by adding its long-term debt to the sum of the market
value of the common equity, the value of

its preferred stock and the book value of any minority interest, minus cash
balance.
The projected 2001 and 2002 EBITDE multiple ranges were determined to
be 3.5x to 4.5x and 4.0x to 5.0x, respectively.
Proved reserve multiple ranges
were determined to be $1.20 to $1.40 per Mcfe; the multiples were applied to
Kerr-McGee reserve estimates data as of December 31, 2000.
The appropriate
projected 2001 and 2002 net income multiple ranges were determined to be 8.5x to
10.0x and 11.5x to 13.0x, respectively.
The appropriate projected 2001 and 2002
discretionary cash flow multiple ranges were determined to be 3.5x to 4.0x and
4.0x to 4.5x, respectively.

     
Lehman Brothers also reviewed the public stock market trading multiples for
selected chemical companies including:

     - Millennium Chemicals Inc.

     - NL Industries, Inc.

     - Acetex Corporation

     - Georgia Gulf Corporation

     - Lyondell Chemical Company

     - Olin Corporation

     Using publicly available information, Lehman Brothers calculated and
analyzed the adjusted capitalization multiples of certain historical and
projected financial and operating criteria such as earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation, depletion, and amortization expenses ("EBITDA"), earnings
before interest and taxes ("EBIT"), property plant and equipment ("PP&E") and
titanium dioxide capacity.
The adjusted capitalization of each company was
obtained by adding its long-term debt to the sum of the market value of the
common equity, the value of its preferred stock and the book value of any
minority interest, minus cash balance.
The projected 2001 and 2002 EBITDA
multiple ranges were determined to be 4.5x to 5.5x and 4.0x to 5.0x,
respectively.
The projected 2001 and 2002 EBIT multiple ranges were determined
to be 6.0x to 8.0x and 5.0x to 7.0x, respectively.
The PP&E multiple range was
determined to be 1.5x to 2.0x.
The titanium dioxide capacity multiple range was
determined to be $1,800 to $2,200 per ton of annual capacity.

     
This methodology yielded aggregate valuations for Kerr-McGee that implied a
per share equity value range of $64.60 to $86.08.
The value per share of
Kerr-McGee common stock of $70.57 on May 11, 2001 is within this valuation
range.

     
Because of the inherent differences between the corporate structure,
businesses, operations and prospects of Kerr-McGee and the corporate structure,
businesses, operations and prospects of the companies included in the comparable
company groups, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate to, and
therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis and,
accordingly, also made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the
financial and operating-characteristics of Kerr-McGee and the companies in the
comparable company group that would affect the public trading values of
Kerr-McGee and such comparable companies.

     
Comparable Transactions Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers reviewed certain
publicly available information on selected transactions of exploration and
production companies which were announced or took place from April 1997 to May
2001, including:

     - The Williams Companies, Inc./Barrett Resources Corporation

     - Pure Resources, Inc./Hallwood Energy Corporation

     - Vintage Petroleum, Inc./Genesis Exploration Ltd.

     - PrimeWest Energy Trust/Cypress Energy Inc.

     - Anadarko Petroleum Corporation/Berkley Petroleum Corp.

     - Calpine Corporation/Encal Energy Ltd.

     - Bellwether Exploration Company/Bargo Energy Company

     - Ocean Energy Inc./Texoil, Inc.

     - Anderson Exploration Ltd./Numac Energy Inc.

     - Alberta Energy Company Ltd./Ballard Petroleum, LLC

     - Texaco
Inc./EnerVest Management Partners, Ltd.

     - USX-Marathon Group/Pennaco Energy, Inc.

     - Pogo Producing Company/North Central Oil Corporation

     - Stone Energy Corporation/Basin Exploration, Inc.

     - Forest Oil Corporation/Forcenergy Inc.

     - Devon Energy Corporation/Santa Fe Snyder Corporation

     - BP Amoco Corporation/Vastar Resources, Inc.

     - AEC Oil & Gas (USA) Inc./McMurry Oil Company

     - Pure Resources, Inc./Titan Exploration, Inc.

     - Devon Energy Corporation/PennzEnergy Company

     - Santa Fe Energy Resources, Inc./Snyder Oil Corporation

     - Ocean Energy Inc./United Meridian

     - Burlington Resources
Inc./The Louisiana Land & Exploration Company

     - Mesa Inc./Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company

     
For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples were analyzed
including: total purchase price (equity purchase price plus assumed obligations)
divided by LTM EBITDE and total purchase price divided by proved oil and natural
gas reserves on an Mcfe basis.
The appropriate LTM EBITDE multiple range was
determined to be 4.0x to 5.0x.
The appropriate proved reserve multiple range was
determined to be $1.00 to $1.40 per Mcfe.

     
Lehman Brothers also reviewed certain publicly available information on
selected transactions of chemical companies or divisions of companies which were
announced or took place from May 1999 to May 2001, including:

     - Kerr-McGee Chemical/Kemira Pigments Inc.

     - Millennium Chemicals Inc./Rhone-Poulenc, Inc.

     - Huntsman Specialty Chemicals Corporation/ICI's Polyurethane,
       Petrochemical and Titanium Dioxide Businesses

     - Dupont Co./ICI's Titanium Dioxide Operations

     - M.A. Hanna Company/The Geon Company

     - Imetal SA/English China Clays PLC

     - KKR & Co., L.P./Laporte plc -- Non-Specialty Organics

     - Resolution Performance Products LLC/Shell Resins and Versatics

     - Eastman Chemical Company/McWhorter Technologies, Inc.

     - Cookson Group plc/Premier Refractories International Inc.(Alpine Group,
       Inc.)

     
For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples were analyzed
including: total purchase price (equity purchase price plus assumed obligations)
divided by LTM revenues; total purchase price (equity purchase price plus
assumed obligations) divided by LTM and projected 2001 EBITDA; total purchase
price (equity purchase price plus assumed obligations) divided by LTM EBIT; and
total purchase price divided by both Chloride and Sulfate titanium dioxide
capacity.
The appropriate LTM revenues multiple range was determined to be 0.9x
to 1.2x.
The appropriate LTM and projected
2001 EBITDA multiple ranges were
determined to be 5.5x to 7.5x and 5.5x to 7.5x, respectively.
The appropriate
LTM EBIT multiple range was determined to be 8.5x to 10.5x.
The appropriate
titanium dioxide capacity multiple ranges for Chloride and Sulfate were $2,000
to $2,500 and $1,500 to $2,000 per ton of annual capacity, respectively.

     
This methodology yielded aggregate valuations for Kerr-McGee that implied a
per share equity value range of $76.74 to $88.88.
The value per share of
Kerr-McGee common stock of $70.57 on May 11, 2001 falls below the low end of the
valuation range.

     
Because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances surrounding each
of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction and because of
the inherent differences between the businesses, operations and prospects of
Kerr-McGee and the acquired businesses analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that
it was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative
results of the analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments
concerning differences between the characteristics of each of these transactions
and the merger.

     
Additionally, Lehman Brothers advised the board of directors that the value
per share of Kerr-McGee common stock of $70.57 on May 11, 2001 was toward the
high end of its 52 week high/low range of $52.88 to $73.39 per share.

     
Lehman Brothers is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
engaged in, among other things, the valuation of businesses and their securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings,
competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
HS Resources
selected Lehman Brothers because of its expertise, reputation and familiarity
with HS Resources and because its investment banking professionals have
substantial experience in transactions comparable to the merger.

     
Lehman Brothers has acted as financial advisor to HS Resources in
connection with the proposed transaction and will receive a fee for its services
which is contingent upon the consummation of the proposed transaction.
In
addition, HS Resources has agreed to indemnify Lehman Brothers for certain
liabilities that may arise out of the rendering of this opinion.

     
Lehman Brothers has also performed various investment banking services for
HS Resources in the past, including both financing and advisory services and has
received customary fees for these services.
Lehman Brothers has also performed
various investment banking services for Kerr-McGee in the past and has received
customary fees for these services.
Such services within the past three years
include having advised Kerr-McGee in connection with its acquisition of Oryx
Energy, Gulf Canada's U.K. North Sea properties and Repsol's U.K. North Sea
properties, as well as related financings in the capital markets.
With respect
to these services, Kerr-McGee has paid Lehman Brothers an aggregate amount in
excess of $33 million.
Lehman Brothers expects to continue to provide such
investment banking services to Kerr-McGee in the future.
Given its
long-standing, pre-existing relationship with Kerr-McGee, it is possible that
Lehman Brothers may assist Kerr-McGee in transactions which Kerr-McGee may elect
to initiate to refinance indebtedness incurred by Kerr-McGee to provide the cash
portion of the merger consideration, and Kerr-McGee and Lehman Brothers have had
preliminary discussions concerning Lehman Brothers providing such assistance.

Kerr-McGee's obligation to complete the merger is not conditioned on Kerr-McGee
obtaining financing.
In the ordinary course of business, Lehman Brothers

actively trades in the securities of HS Resources and Kerr-McGee for its own
account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in these securities.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

     
We intend to account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting
for business combinations.
See "Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements."

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE
PROVISIONS AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF
SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED
TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C AND IS INCORPORATED INTO THIS
SUMMARY BY REFERENCE.

     
Under Delaware law, holders of record of HS Resources common stock (other
than holders who make the election to receive only common stock of the new
holding company for all of their shares and who do not (as a result of
proration) receive cash consideration in the merger) are entitled to appraisal
rights.
If the merger of HS Resources Merger Sub and HS Resources is completed,
each holder of record of HS Resources common stock entitled to appraisal rights
who (1) files written notice with HS Resources of an intention to exercise
rights to appraisal of his, her or its shares prior to the special meeting, (2)
does not vote in favor of the merger, and (3) follows the procedures set forth
in Section 262, will be entitled to be paid by the surviving corporation the
"fair value" in cash of the shares of HS Resources common stock held.
The fair
value of shares of HS Resources common stock will be determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any, determined by the court.
Such value may be greater or less
than the value of the consideration offered in the merger.
The Delaware Supreme
Court has stated that "proof of value by any techniques or methods which are
generally considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise
admissible in court" should be considered in the appraisal proceeding.
The costs
of the action may be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and taxed upon
the parties as the court deems equitable.
The court may also order that all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with an
appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the
fees and expenses of experts utilized in the appraisal proceeding, be charged
pro rata against the value of all of the shares entitled to appraisal.

     
The shares of HS Resources common stock with respect to which holders have
perfected their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 and have not
effectively withdrawn or lost their appraisal rights are referred to in this
proxy statement-prospectus as the "dissenting shares.
"

     Within ten days after the effective date of the merger of HS Resources
Merger Sub and HS Resources, HS Resources, as the surviving corporation in the
merger, must mail a notice to all stockholders entitled to appraisal rights who
have complied with steps (1) and (2) above, notifying such stockholders of the
effective date of the merger.
Within 120 days after the effective date, holders
of HS Resources common stock entitled to appraisal rights may file a petition in
the Delaware Court of Chancery for the appraisal of their shares, although they
may, within 60 days after the effective date, withdraw their demand for
appraisal.

     
Within 120 days after the effective date, the holders of dissenting shares
may also, upon written request, receive from HS Resources a statement setting
forth the aggregate number of shares with respect to which demands for
appraisals have been received.
Such statements must be mailed within ten days
after the written request is received by HS Resources.

     
Appraisal rights are available only to the record holder of shares.
If you
wish to exercise appraisal rights but have a beneficial interest in shares which
are held of record by or in the name of another

person, such as a broker or nominee, you should act promptly to cause the record
holder to follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 to perfect your
appraisal rights.

     
A demand for appraisal should be signed by or on behalf of the stockholder
of record exactly as the stockholder's name appears on the stockholder's stock
certificates.
If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as
by a trustee, guardian or custodian, the demand should be executed in that
capacity, and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person, as in a
joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on
behalf of all joint owners.
An authorized agent, including one or more joint
owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a record holder;
however, in the demand the agent must identify the record owner or owners and
expressly disclose that the agent is executing the demand as an agent for the
record owner or owners.
A record holder such as a broker who holds shares as
nominee for several beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights for the
shares held for one or more beneficial owners and not exercise rights for the
shares held for other beneficial owners.
In this case, the written demand should
state the number of shares for which appraisal rights are being demanded.
When
no number of shares is stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares
held of record by the broker or nominee.

     
ALL WRITTEN DEMANDS FOR APPRAISAL SHOULD BE SENT OR DELIVERED TO:

          HS RESOURCES, INC.
          1999 BROADWAY, SUITE 3600
          DENVER, COLORADO 80202
          ATTENTION: SECRETARY

     If any holder of HS Resources common stock who demands appraisal of his or
her shares under Section 262 fails to perfect, or effectively withdraws or loses
the right to appraisal, his or her shares shall be treated as if they had been
converted as of the effective date into the right to receive the merger
consideration as if such holder had made a cash election.
Dissenting shares lose
their status as dissenting shares if:

     - the merger of HS Resources and HS Resources Merger Sub is abandoned;

     - the dissenting stockholder fails to make a timely written demand for
       appraisal;

     - the dissenting shares are voted in favor of the merger;

     - the dissenting stockholder receives solely common stock of the new
       holding company for all of his HS Resources common stock;

     - neither HS Resources nor the stockholder files a complaint or intervenes
       in a pending action within 120 days after the effective date of the
       merger;

     - the dissenting stockholder is not the record holder of the dissenting
       shares on the date the written demand for appraisal is made and at all
       times thereafter until the consummation of the merger; or

     - the stockholder delivers to HS Resources, as the surviving corporation in
       the merger, within 60 days after the effective date of the merger, or
       thereafter with HS Resources' approval, a written withdrawal of the
       stockholder's demand for appraisal of the dissenting shares, although no
       appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery may be dismissed
       as to any stockholder without the approval of the court.


FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE STEPS REQUIRED BY SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW FOR PERFECTING APPRAISAL RIGHTS MAY RESULT IN THE LOSS OF
APPRAISAL RIGHTS, IN WHICH EVENT AN HS RESOURCES STOCKHOLDER WILL BE ENTITLED TO
RECEIVE THE CONSIDERATION WITH RESPECT TO THE HOLDER'S DISSENTING SHARES IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
IN VIEW OF THE COMPLEXITY OF THE
PROVISIONS OF SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW, HS RESOURCES
STOCKHOLDERS WHO ARE CONSIDERING OBJECTING TO THE MERGER SHOULD CONSULT THEIR
OWN LEGAL ADVISORS.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following summary discusses the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger to U.S. holders of HS Resources common stock.
For
purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder means:

     - a citizen or resident of the United States;

     - a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or
       organized under the laws of the United States or any of its political
       subdivisions;

     - a trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the
       administration of the trust and one or more U.S. fiduciaries have the
       authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or

     - an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income
       regardless of its source.

     
A non-U.S. holder is a holder other than a U.S. holder.

     
This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions
currently in effect, all of which are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect.
The discussion assumes that HS Resources stockholders hold
their common stock and will hold the common stock of the new holding company as
a capital asset within the meaning of section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.

Further, the discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income
taxation that may be relevant to a particular stockholder in light of his, her
or its personal investment circumstances or to stockholders subject to special
treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including:

     - insurance companies;

     - tax-exempt organizations;

     - dealers in securities or foreign currency;

     - banks or trusts;

     - persons that hold their HS Resources common stock as part of a straddle,
       a hedge against currency risk or a constructive sale or conversion
       transaction;

     - persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;

     - investors in pass-through entities;

     - stockholders who acquired their HS Resources common stock through the
       exercise of options or otherwise as compensation or through a
       tax-qualified retirement plan; or

     - holders of options granted under any HS Resources benefit plan.

     
Furthermore, this discussion does not consider the potential effects of any
state, local or foreign tax laws.
None of Kerr-McGee, HS Resources or the new
holding company has requested a ruling from the United States Internal Revenue
Service with respect to any of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
mergers and, as a result, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue
Service will not disagree with or challenge any of the conclusions described
below.

     
Subject to the foregoing, the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the mergers to a U.S. holder of HS Resources common stock are as follows:

     - the exchange of HS Resources common stock, together with the exchange of
       Kerr-McGee common stock, for common stock of the new holding company will
       constitute an exchange to which section 351 applies;

     - no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of HS Resources common
       stock solely for common stock of the new holding company pursuant to the
       merger, except with respect to cash received instead of fractional shares
       of common stock of new holding company;

     - gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of HS Resources common
       stock solely for cash pursuant to the merger in an amount equal to the
       difference between the amount of cash received and the U.S. holder's
       adjusted tax basis in those shares of HS Resources common stock;

     - gain (but not loss) will be recognized on the exchange of HS Resources
       common stock for a combination of common stock of the new holding company
       and cash pursuant to the merger equal to the difference between:

         - the sum of the cash (excluding any cash received instead of
           fractional share of common stock of the new holding company) and the
           fair market value of the common stock of the new holding company
           received (including any fractional shares of common stock of the new
           holding company deemed received and exchanged for cash), and;

         - the U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in those shares of HS Resources
           common stock,

      but not in excess of the cash received by such U.S. holder in the merger;

     - the aggregate adjusted basis of the new holding company common stock
       received by a U.S. holder of HS Resources common stock in the merger
       (including any fractional shares deemed received and exchanged for cash)
       will be equal to the aggregate adjusted basis of the U.S. holder's HS
       Resources common stock exchanged in the merger, increased by the amount
       of gain, if any, recognized by the U.S. holder and decreased by the
       amount of cash received; and

     - the holding period of the common stock of the new holding company
       received in the merger will include the holding period of the HS
       Resources common stock exchanged for that common stock of the new holding
       company.
This result is not free from doubt in the case of a U.S. holder
       who exchanges HS Resources common stock for a combination of common stock
       of the new holding company and cash and who, because of the amount of
       cash received, is required to recognize all the gain inherent in the HS
       Resources common stock exchanged.

     
If the U.S. holder acquired different blocks of HS Resources common stock
at different times and at different prices, any gain or loss will be determined
separately with respect to each such block of HS Resources common stock and the
cash and stock of the new holding company received by the U.S. holder will be
allocated pro rata to each such block of stock.
In addition, the basis and
holding period in the stock of the new holding company will be determined with
reference to each such block of HS Resources common stock.

  
Cash Instead of Fractional Shares

     While not free from doubt, the receipt of cash instead of a fractional
share of common stock of the new holding company by a U.S. holder of HS
Resources common stock will result in taxable gain or loss to such U.S. holder
for U.S. federal income tax purposes based upon the difference between the
amount of cash received by such U.S. holder and the U.S. holder's adjusted tax
basis in the fractional share, as set forth above.
It is possible that the
Internal Revenue Service would treat any cash received instead of fractional
shares as consideration received in the merger in which case a U.S. holder would
recognize gain as described above.

  
Dissenter's Appraisal Rights

     An HS Resources stockholder who exercises appraisal rights generally will
recognize taxable capital gain or loss based upon the difference between the
amount of cash received by such U.S. holder and the U.S. holder's tax basis in
the shares of HS Resources common stock exchanged.

  
Taxation of Capital Gain

     Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder of HS Resources common stock will
constitute capital gain or loss and will constitute long-term capital gain or
loss if the U.S. holder's holding period is greater than 12 months as of the
date of the mergers.
For non-corporate U.S. holders, this long-term capital gain
generally will be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20%.
The
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

  
Backup Withholding

     Certain non-corporate HS Resources stockholders may be subject to backup
withholding on cash payments received.
Backup withholding will not apply,
however, to an HS Resources stockholder who:

     - furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that he,
       she or it is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form W-9
       or successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered
       to HS Resources stockholders following the date of completion of the
       mergers; or

     - is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

     
If a U.S. holder does not provide a taxpayer identification number, such
U.S. holder may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.

Any amount paid as backup withholding does not constitute an additional tax and
will be creditable against the U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability.

U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors as to their qualifications
for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining exemption.

  
Reporting Requirements

     A U.S. holder of HS Resources common stock receiving common stock of the
new holding company as a result of the merger may be required to retain records
related to such U.S. holder's HS Resources common stock, and file with its
federal income tax return a statement setting forth facts relating to the
merger.

     
The summary of material U.S. federal income tax consequences is intended to
provide only a general summary and is not intended to be a complete analysis or
description of all potential federal income tax consequences of the merger.
In
addition, the summary does not address tax consequences that may vary with, or
are contingent on, individual circumstances.
Moreover, the summary does not
address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences of
the merger.
The summary does not address the tax consequences of any transaction
other than the merger.
Accordingly, each HS Resources stockholder is strongly
urged to consult with a tax advisor to determine the particular federal, state,
local or foreign income or other tax consequences of the merger to the holder.

  
Non-U.S. holders

     Under the Foreign Investment In Real Property Tax Act Of 1980 ("FIRPTA"),
gain realized by a non-U.S. holder on the exchange of HS Resources in the merger
will be subject to United States federal income tax, at regular graduated income
tax rates as if such gain were effectively connected with a U.S. trade or
business, if HS Resources is a "United States real property holding company" and
such non-U.S. holder held at any time within the five year period ending on the
Effective Date more than 5% of the common stock of HS Resources.
HS Resources
believes that it is a United States real property holding company for these
purposes.

     
The foregoing summary of the possible application of the FIRPTA rules to
non-U.S. holders is only a summary of certain material aspects of these rules.

Because the United States federal income tax consequences to a non-U.S. holder
under FIRPTA may be significant and are complex, non-U.S. holders are urged to
discuss these consequences with their tax advisors.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
and the rules promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission, the merger
may not be consummated until notifications have been given and certain
information has been furnished to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division of the United States Department of Justice and specified waiting period
requirements have been satisfied.
Kerr-McGee and HS Resources filed notification
and report forms under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act with the
Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division on May 25, 2001.
Early
termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act waiting period
was granted on June 6, 2001.
The Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division retain the authority to challenge the merger on antitrust grounds.
In
addition, each state in which Kerr-McGee or HS Resources operates may also seek
to review the merger.
It is possible that some of these authorities may seek to
challenge the merger.

     
Kerr-McGee conducts business outside the United States.
Although the merger
only requires notification to or approval of regulatory authorities in Germany,
which approval was obtained on June 27, 2001, other regulatory authorities could
seek to challenge the merger.
Neither Kerr-McGee nor HS Resources expects the
consummation of the merger to be delayed by any such challenge.


NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF NEW HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED
IN THE MERGER

     Kerr-McGee will use reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of common
stock of the new holding company to be issued in connection with the merger to
be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official
notice of issuance, before the completion of the merger.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF HS RESOURCES COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

     When the merger is completed, HS Resources common stock will be delisted
from the New York Stock Exchange and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.


FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; STOCK TRANSFER RESTRICTION

     All shares of new holding company common stock received by HS Resources
stockholders in the merger will be freely transferable, except that shares of
new holding company common stock received by persons who are deemed to be
affiliates of HS Resources under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at the
time of the special meeting may be resold by them only in transactions permitted
by Rule 145 or otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
Persons who may be
deemed to be affiliates of HS Resources for such purposes generally include
individuals or entities that control, or are controlled by or are under common
control with, HS Resources and may include certain officers, directors and
principal stockholders of HS Resources.
The merger agreement requires HS
Resources to provide Kerr-McGee with a letter identifying such persons and to
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of such affiliates to execute a
written agreement to the effect that such persons will not offer or sell or
otherwise dispose of any of the shares of new holding company common stock
issued to such persons in the merger in violation of the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder.

     
This document does not cover any resales of the new holding company common
stock to be received by the stockholders of HS Resources upon consummation of
the merger, and no person is authorized to make any use of this document in
connection with any such resale.

                        
THE HS RESOURCES SPECIAL MEETING

PURPOSE, TIME AND PLACE

     This document is being furnished to stockholders of HS Resources in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by HS Resources from holders of HS
Resources common stock for use at the special meeting to be held on August 1,
2001 at 9:00 A.M., Pacific Time, at the Mandarin Oriental San Francisco, 222
Sansome Street, San Francisco, California and at any adjournment or postponement
thereof.
At the special meeting, holders of HS Resources common stock will be
asked to consider and vote upon the HS Resources proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, the text of which is attached as Annex A to this document.

     
The board of directors of HS Resources has unanimously determined that the
merger agreement and the merger and the other transactions provided for in the
merger agreement are advisable and are fair to and in the best interests of HS
Resources and its stockholders, has approved the merger agreement and the merger
and the other transactions provided for in the merger agreement and unanimously
recommends a vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.


RECORD DATE; QUORUM; VOTE REQUIRED

     Record Date.  
HS Resources has established the close of business on June
21, 2001 as the record date to determine the holders of HS Resources common
stock entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting.
Only holders
of record of HS Resources common stock at the close of business on the record
date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting.
At the
close of business on the record date, 18,069,940 shares of HS Resources common
stock were outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting, and were
held by approximately 503 holders of record.
The HS Resources common stock
constitutes the only outstanding class of voting securities of HS Resources.

Each share of HS Resources common stock is entitled to one vote on the merger
proposal.
Votes may be cast at the special meeting in person or by proxy.

     Quorum.  
The presence at the special meeting of the holders of a majority
of the shares of HS Resources common stock entitled to vote, either in person or
by proxy, is necessary to constitute a quorum to transact business at the
special meeting.
In the event that a quorum is not present at the special
meeting, it is expected that such meeting will be adjourned or postponed in
order to solicit additional proxies.

     
Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as shares present for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum at the special
meeting.
Broker non-votes are shares held by brokers or nominees that are
represented at a meeting but with respect to which the broker or nominee is not
empowered to vote on a particular matter.

     
Vote Required.  
Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative
vote by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of HS Resources
common stock, excluding shares held by HS Resources or its subsidiaries, as of
the record date.
Abstentions may be specified with respect to the merger
proposal by properly marking the "ABSTAIN" box on the proxy for such proposal or
by making the same election by telephone or internet voting.
Abstentions, broker
non-votes and failures to vote will have the effect of votes cast against the
merger proposal.

     
Voting Power of HS Resources Directors and Executive Officers.  
As of the
close of business on the record date and excluding shares underlying stock
options and performance shares HS Resources' directors and executive officers
and their affiliates may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of, and have the
power to vote, 1,439,648 shares of HS Resources common stock, representing
approximately 7.9% of the then outstanding shares of HS Resources common stock.

HS Resources believes that each of its directors and executive officers intends
to vote for the adoption of the merger proposal.


PROXIES

     Shares of HS Resources common stock represented by properly executed
physical proxies or proxies properly effected by telephone or the internet and
received prior to the special meeting will be voted at the special meeting in
the manner specified on such proxies.
Physical proxies that are properly
executed but which do not contain voting instructions will be voted FOR the
merger proposal.
HS Resources knows of no matter other than the merger proposal
that will be brought before the special meeting.

     
In the event that a quorum is not present at the time the special meeting
is convened, or if for any other reason HS Resources believes that additional
time should be allowed for the solicitation of proxies, HS Resources may adjourn
the special meeting with or without a vote of the stockholders.
If HS Resources
proposes to adjourn the special meeting by a vote of the stockholders, the
persons named in the enclosed form of proxy will vote all shares of HS Resources
common stock for which they have voting authority in favor of an adjournment.

     
The grant of a proxy on the enclosed HS Resources proxy card or by
telephone or the internet does not preclude a stockholder from voting in person
at the special meeting.
A stockholder may revoke a proxy at any time prior to
its exercise by:

          1.
delivering, prior to the special meeting, to 1999 Broadway, Suite
     3600, Denver, Colorado 80202, Attention:
Secretary a written notice of
     revocation bearing a later date or time than the revoked proxy;

          2. as to physical proxies, completing and submitting a new later-dated
     proxy card;

          3. as to proxies effected by telephone or over the internet, by
     calling the telephone voting number or connecting to the internet voting
     site and following the instructions for revoking or changing a vote; or

          4.
attending the special meeting and voting in person.

     
Attendance at the special meeting will not by itself constitute revocation
of a proxy -- a stockholder must vote in person at the meeting.
If a broker has
been instructed to vote a stockholder's shares, the stockholder must follow
directions received from the broker in order to change the stockholder's vote.

     
HS Resources will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies from its
stockholders, except that Kerr-McGee and HS Resources will share equally the
cost of printing this document, mailing it and filing it with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors,
officers and employees of HS Resources and its subsidiaries may solicit proxies
from HS Resources stockholders by telephone, facsimile or in person.

Arrangements will also be made with brokerage houses and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries for the forwarding of solicitation material to the
beneficial owners of stock held of record by such persons, and HS Resources will
reimburse such custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses in connection therewith.

     
In addition, HS Resources has retained Georgeson Shareholder
Communications, Inc. to assist HS Resources in the solicitation of proxies from
stockholders in connection with the special meeting.
Georgeson Shareholder
Communications, Inc. will receive a fee of $9,500 as compensation for its
services and reimbursement of its out-of-pocket expenses in connection
therewith.
HS Resources has agreed to indemnify Georgeson Shareholder, Inc.
against certain liabilities arising out of or in connection with its engagement.

                       
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE FINANCIAL DATA

     
The following table sets forth certain historical, pro forma combined and
equivalent pro forma combined per share data of Kerr-McGee and HS Resources.
The
pro forma comparative per share data, which is derived from the unaudited pro
forma financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page 44 of this
document, does not purport to represent what the financial position or results
of operations of Kerr-McGee, HS Resources or the combined company would actually
have been had the merger occurred at the beginning of the relevant periods or to
project Kerr-McGee's, HS Resources' or the combined company's financial position
or results of operations for any future date or period.
The data set forth below
should be read in conjunction with the pro forma financial statements and the
separate historical financial statements and notes thereto of Kerr-McGee and HS
Resources, which are included elsewhere in, or incorporated by reference into,
this document.

                                                              
THREE MONTHS
                                                                 ENDED        YEAR ENDED
                                                               MARCH 31,     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  2001           2000
                                                              ------------   ------------

KERR-MCGEE HISTORICAL PER COMMON SHARE DATA
Income from continuing operations:
  Basic(a)..................................................     $ 3.75         $ 9.01
  Diluted(b)................................................       
3.40           8.37
Cash dividends..............................................        .45           1.80
Book value(c)...............................................      25.97          25.01
HS RESOURCES HISTORICAL PER COMMON SHARE DATA
Income from continuing operations:
  Basic(a)..................................................     $ 1.81         $ 3.29
  Diluted(b)................................................       1.73           3.18
Cash dividends..............................................         --             --
Book value(c)...............................................      
10.88          12.26
PRO FORMA COMBINED KERR-MCGEE PER COMMON SHARE DATA
Income from continuing operations:
  Basic(d)..................................................     $ 3.64         $ 8.17
  Diluted(d)................................................       3.26           7.38
Cash dividends..............................................        .45           1.80
Book value(e)...............................................      28.00
PRO FORMA COMBINED HS RESOURCES EQUIVALENT PER COMMON SHARE
  DATA
Income from continuing operations:
  Basic(f)..................................................     $ 3.42         $ 7.68
  Diluted(f)................................................       3.06           6.94
Cash dividends(f)...........................................        
.42           1.69
Book value(f)...............................................      
26.33

- ---------------

(a)  
Based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
     for Kerr-McGee or HS Resources for each period.


(b)  Based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
     plus the potential dilution that would occur if interests in securities
     (options and convertible debentures) were exercised and converted into
     common stock of Kerr-McGee or HS Resources for each period.


(c)  Computed by dividing stockholders' equity by the number of shares of common
     stock at the end of each period plus the dilutive effect of interests in
     securities (options and convertible debentures).


(d)  Based on the pro forma net income from the "Unaudited Pro Forma Financial
     Statements" presented elsewhere in this document which gives effect to the
     merger under the purchase method of accounting.


(e)  Based on the number of outstanding shares of Kerr-McGee common stock,
     adjusted to include the estimated number of shares of Kerr-McGee common
     stock to be issued in the merger.


(f)  Based on the assumed conversion of each share of HS Resources common stock
     into .9404 of a share of Kerr-McGee common stock.


COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     Kerr-McGee.  
The shares of Kerr-McGee common stock are listed for trading
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "KMG."
The following table sets
forth the quarterly high and low market prices of Kerr-McGee common stock as
reported by the New York Stock Exchange and dividends declared, in each case
based on published financial sources.
Kerr-McGee intends to continue paying its
regular quarterly dividend of $.45 per share after the merger, although all
dividends are subject to approval and declaration by the Kerr-McGee board.
As a
result, the total amount of the quarterly cash dividend payment after the merger
will increase from $45 million to $47 million.

                                                              
KERR-MCGEE COMMON STOCK
                                                            ---------------------------
                                                                              DIVIDENDS
                                                                              DECLARED
                                                             HIGH     LOW     PER SHARE
                                                            ------   
------   ---------

  First Quarter...........................................  $41.44   $28.50     $.45
  Second Quarter..........................................   
52.13    32.50      .45
  Third Quarter...........................................   60.06    49.31      .45
  Fourth Quarter..........................................   62.00    52.00      .45

  First Quarter...........................................   67.94    39.88      .45
  Second Quarter..........................................   62.50    51.13      .45
  Third Quarter...........................................   68.00    53.13      .45
  Fourth Quarter..........................................   71.19    59.00      .45

  First Quarter...........................................   70.70    62.80      .45
  Second Quarter (through June   , 2001)..................                       .45

     HS Resources.  
The shares of HS Resources common stock are listed for
trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "HSE."
The following
table sets forth the quarterly high and low market prices of HS Resources common
stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, based on published financial
sources.
No dividends were paid to holders of the HS Resources common stock
during the indicated periods.

                                                                
HS RESOURCES
                                                                COMMON STOCK
                                                              -----------------
                                                               HIGH       LOW
                                                              ------     
------

  First Quarter.............................................  $ 8.88     $ 5.50
  Second Quarter............................................   14.75       8.25
  Third Quarter.............................................   17.25      13.13
  Fourth Quarter............................................   17.25      12.50

                                                                HS RESOURCES
                                                                COMMON STOCK
                                                              -----------------
                                                               HIGH       LOW
                                                              ------     ------

  First Quarter.............................................  $21.13     $14.31
  Second Quarter............................................   
33.81      18.63
  Third Quarter.............................................   
36.00      24.63
  Fourth Quarter............................................   44.38      28.63

  First Quarter.............................................   
46.21      36.51
  Second Quarter (through June   , 2001)....................

                    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     
The following unaudited pro forma financial statements give effect to the
merger based on the factors set forth below and after giving effect to the pro
forma adjustments described in the accompanying notes.
The unaudited pro forma
financial statements have been prepared from, and should be read in conjunction
with, the historical consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
Kerr-McGee and HS Resources, which are incorporated by reference into this
document.

     
The unaudited pro forma financial statements and related notes are
presented for illustrative purposes only.
If the shares of Kerr-McGee common
stock issuable in the merger had been issued in the past, Kerr-McGee's financial
position or results of operations might have been different from those presented
in the unaudited pro forma financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma
financial statements should not be relied upon as an indication of the financial
position or results of operations that Kerr-McGee would have achieved if this
issuance and the merger had occurred at the dates indicated.
You also should not
rely on the unaudited pro forma financial statements as an indication of the
future operating results or financial position that the merged companies will
achieve after the merger.

     
The unaudited pro forma financial statements were prepared based on the
following:

     - Kerr-McGee purchased all the outstanding shares of common stock of HS
       Resources and assumed its debt.
Kerr-McGee paid an aggregate of $833
       million in cash (at $66 per share) and issued an aggregate of 5,090,230
       shares of Kerr-McGee common stock (at a fixed exchange ratio of .9404
       shares of Kerr-McGee common stock for each share of HS Resources common
       stock).
The cash was financed under existing Kerr-McGee debt facilities.

     - The unaudited pro forma balance sheet has been prepared as if the merger
       occurred on March 31, 2001.
The unaudited pro forma statement of income
       has been prepared as if the merger occurred on January 1, 2000.

     -
The merger was accounted for as a purchase of HS Resources by Kerr-McGee.

     - Kerr-McGee and HS Resources utilize the successful efforts method of
       accounting for oil and gas activities.

     -
The goodwill recorded in the transaction has been amortized in the pro
       forma statement of income over the proven reserve life of the oil and gas
       properties acquired.
However, at its May 16, 2001, meeting, the Financial
       Accounting Standards Board (FASB) made a decision to allow
       nonamortization of goodwill acquired in a transaction completed after
       June 30, 2001.
Instead, the FASB will require impairment tests for
       goodwill balances (comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit to
       its carrying amount).
The merger of HS Resources will occur after June
       30, 2001.
Since the FASB has not issued its final standard, current
       accounting requirements for goodwill amortization have been used.

     - Targeted annual selling and general expense savings of $5 to $10 million
       have not been reflected as an adjustment to the historical data.
These
       cost savings are expected to result from the consolidation of certain
       offices and the elimination of duplicate corporate staff and expenses.

     
No pro forma adjustments have been made with respect to the following
unusual items.
These items are reflected in the historical results of Kerr-McGee
and HS Resources, as applicable, and should be considered when making
period-to-period comparisons.

     - On January 1, 2001, both Kerr-McGee and HS Resources adopted Financial
       Accounting Standard No. 133, as amended (FAS 133), "Accounting for
       Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities."
This standard requires
       all derivative instruments to be recorded as assets or liabilities,
       measured at fair value, and changes in the derivative's fair value to be
       recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting
       criteria are met.

         
Kerr-McGee hedges certain foreign currency risks (future cash flows for
      certain non-U.S. capital expenditures and operating expenses).
Kerr-McGee
      also has derivative instruments that are not hedges (options associated
      with Kerr-McGee debt exchangeable for the Devon Energy Corporation (Devon)
      common stock owned by Kerr-McGee and foreign currency forward sales
      contracts associated with certain foreign currency denominated chemical
      accounts receivable).
In adopting FAS 133, Kerr-McGee recognized an
      expense of $20 million in the first quarter of 2001 as a cumulative effect
      of the accounting change.
This amount is not reflected in the pro forma
      income statement.
Also in adopting FAS 133, Kerr-McGee chose to reclassify
      85% of the Devon shares owned from the "available for sale" category of
      investments to "trading" and recognized other income of $181 million ($118
      million after tax) on January 1, 2001 for the unrealized appreciation on
      the Devon shares reclassified to "trading."
After adoption of FAS 133, the
      "trading" securities are marked to market through income each month.
A
      more complete description of Kerr-McGee's derivatives is contained in
      Kerr-McGee's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
      2001, which is incorporated herein by reference.

         
HS Resources uses derivative instruments to mitigate commodity price
      risks related to the purchase or sale of oil and natural gas and interest
      rate swaps to hedge the interest rates on certain borrowings.
For the
      first quarter of 2001 and the year 2000, sales were reduced by $42 million
      and $72 million, respectively, for the commodity price hedges.
The change
      in the fair value of the interest rate swaps has been reflected in the
      fair value of the derivatives in the historical HS Resources balance
      sheet, but will not affect income until the swaps are settled.
Additional
      information concerning these derivatives is contained in HS Resources'
      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, and
      its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, each
      of which is incorporated herein by reference.

     -
During the quarter ended March 31, 2001, Kerr-McGee recognized a pre-tax
       special item of $25 million for the termination of manganese metal
       production at the Hamilton, Mississippi electrolytic chemical facility.
       
This charge primarily related to plant and equipment write-offs and other
       closing costs, including severance.

                       
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA BALANCE SHEET
                                 MARCH 31, 2001

                                                 KERR-MCGEE      HSR        PRO FORMA      PRO FORMA
                                                 HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL   ADJUSTMENTS       TOTAL
                                                 ----------   ----------   -----------     ---------
                                                                (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)

ASSETS

Current assets
  Cash.........................................   $   236       $    1       $   --         $   237
  Notes and accounts receivable................       608           98           --             706
  Inventories..................................       411            1           --             412
  Deposits, prepaids, and other................       120           46           --             166
                                                  -------       
------       ------         
-------
          Total current assets.................     
1,375          146           --           1,521
                                                  -------       ------       ------         -------

Property, Plant and Equipment..................    13,088        1,195          989(a)       15,272
  Less reserves for depreciation, depletion and
     amortization..............................     7,543          312         (312)(a)       7,543
                                                  -------       ------       ------         
-------
                                                    5,545          883        1,301           7,729
                                                  -------       
------       ------         
-------
Goodwill.......................................        --            2          300(a)          302
Investments and other assets...................       
962           14           (7)(a)         969
                                                  -------       
------       ------         
-------
          Total assets.........................   $ 7,882       $1,045       $1,594         $10,521
                                                  =======       ======       ======         =======

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities
  Short-term borrowings........................   $     8       $   --       $   --         $     8
  Accounts payable.............................       683          115           --             798
  Long-term debt due within one year...........       188           18           --             206
  Other current liabilities....................       
608          120           --             728
                                                  -------       ------       ------         -------
          Total current liabilities............     
1,487          253           --           1,740
                                                  -------       ------       ------         -------

Long-term debt.................................     2,023          431          968(a)        3,422
                                                  -------       ------       ------         
-------
Deferred credits and reserves..................     
1,604          163          466(a)        2,233
                                                  -------       ------       ------         -------
Stockholders' equity
  Common stock.................................       
102           --            5(a)          107
  Restricted stock.............................        11           --           --              11
  Capital in excess of par value...............     1,661          208         (208)(b)       2,014
                                                                                353(a)
  Preferred stock rights.......................         1           --           --               1
  Retained earnings............................     1,526           79          (79)(b)       1,526
  Accumulated other comprehensive income
     (loss)....................................       (60)         (60)          60(b)          (60)
  Common stock in treasury, at cost............      (378)         (22)          22(b)         (378)
  Deferred compensation........................       (95)          (7)           7(b)          (95)
                                                  -------       