URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1094561/000103570401500219/0001035704-01-500219.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Since XCare.net's initial public offering in February 2000, XCare.net's
management has been exploring opportunities to further develop XCare.net's
product line through business partnerships, and through acquisitions of, or
investments in, complementary products, technologies and businesses.
During this
time, XCare.net has successfully identified and acquired three separate
companies that have complemented XCare.net's business and technology, and have
developed relationships with several others.

     
In late 2000 and early 2001, Healthcare.com began implementing a strategy
to become an end-to-end solution provider for the healthcare industry.
As part
of this strategy, in January 2001, Healthcare.com retained FAC/Equities, an
investment banking firm, to provide financial advisory and investment banking
services to Healthcare.com in connection with a possible acquisition by
Healthcare.com of complementary products, technologies or businesses.
In
February 2001, Healthcare.com's board of directors determined that it was in the
best interests of Healthcare.com to take actions to increase the per share price
of Healthcare.com's common stock.
The board of directors approved an amendment
to Healthcare.com's articles of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split
whereby Healthcare.com would issue one new share of Healthcare.com common stock
in exchange for not less than three nor more than five shares of

outstanding common stock, the exact number of which would be determined by the
board of directors after approval of the amendment by Healthcare.com
stockholders.
The proposed amendment was submitted to Healthcare.com's
stockholders at Healthcare.com's annual meeting of stockholders held on May 11,
2001.

     
On February 6, 2001, FAC/Equities introduced Lorine Sweeney, president and
chief executive officer of XCare.net and Gary Scherping, vice president, finance
of XCare.net to Mike McGuire, the chief operating officer of Healthcare.com and
Sandra Schafer, the vice president of business development at Healthcare.com, at
a conference in New Orleans hosted by FAC/Equities.
As a result of the
introduction, a meeting was scheduled for February 27, 2001 in Englewood,
Colorado.

     
On February 27, 2001, Deborah Dean, senior vice president of e-business for
Healthcare.com and other members of Healthcare.com technical staff went to
XCare.net's headquarters to meet with Ms. Sweeney, Tom Pianko, XCare.net's
senior vice president of sales, marketing and business development and John
Hickey, XCare.net's chief operating officer to discuss a potential strategic
partnership.

     
On March 16, 2001, Ms. Sweeney contacted representatives of Robertson
Stephens, Inc.
concerning Robertson Stephens' representation of XCare.net in a
possible business combination with Healthcare.com.

     
On March 19, 2001, XCare.net and Healthcare.com entered into a mutual
nondisclosure agreement.

     
On March 21, 2001, representatives of the management teams of the two
companies met at XCare.net's headquarters in Englewood, Colorado.
Attending
these meetings were Ms. Sweeney, Mr. Murrie and various senior executives in
charge of finance, sales, marketing and product development activities for
XCare.net and Healthcare.com.
Representatives of Robertson Stephens and
FAC/Equities also attended.
During these meetings, management of the two
companies discussed their businesses and operations in greater detail.
In
addition, Joseph Blankenship, Healthcare.com's chief financial officer, held a
conference call with Robertson Stephens and FAC/Equities to discuss
Healthcare.com's historical and projected results.

     
On March 26, 2001, representatives from Robertson Stephens and FAC/Equities
held a conference call to discuss preliminary analyses as to the relative
valuations of the two companies and the range of possible exchange ratios that
might be used in an acquisition of Healthcare.com by XCare.net.
Also on this
day, Ms. Sweeney and Mr. Murrie, met in Dallas, Texas to discuss the
organizational structure of the respective companies and alternative
organizational structures of the combined companies.

     
On March 30, 2001, representatives of Robertson Stephens and FAC/Equities
held a second conference call to continue valuation discussions and discuss
additional steps to be taken in pursuing a possible business combination.

     
On April 5, 2001, the board of directors of XCare.net held a regularly
scheduled meeting.
At the meeting, Ms. Sweeney discussed with the board the
strategic rationale for pursuing an acquisition of Healthcare.com.

Representatives of Robertson Stephens attended the meeting and presented to
XCare.net's board of directors a preliminary financial analysis with respect to
an acquisition of Healthcare.com.
After discussion, XCare.net's board of
directors directed XCare.net's senior management to continue to pursue the
transaction.

     
On April 16, 2001, members of XCare.net senior management, including Ms.
Sweeney and Gary Scherping, XCare.net's chief financial officer, participated in
a telephone conference with representatives of Robertson Stephens to discuss the
potential acquisition of Healthcare.com, including valuation and strategy.

     
On April 17, 2001, the board of directors of Healthcare.com held a
regularly scheduled meeting.
At the meeting, Mr. Murrie updated the board on the
status of the potential transaction with XCare.net, including an upcoming
meeting of the company's stockholders to be held on April 23, 2001.

     
On April 23, 2001, members of XCare.net's management and board of directors
met with members of Healthcare.com's management and board of directors at
Healthcare.com's corporate headquarters to discuss the transaction.
The
discussions centered around the valuation of each company.

     
On April 30, 2001, the board of directors of Healthcare.com held a special
telephonic meeting.
During the meeting, Mr. Murrie summarized the discussions
between Healthcare.com and XCare.net and the results of Healthcare.com's
preliminary review of XCare.net's business and technology.
In addition, Parker
H. Petit, chairman of the board of directors, summarized his discussions with
Ms. Sweeney.
After discussion, Healthcare.com's board of directors directed
Healthcare.com's management to continue to pursue the transaction.
In addition,
Healthcare.com's board of directors appointed a strategic finance committee to
approve the terms and conditions of the engagement of FAC/Equities to provide
financial advisory and investment banking services relating to the proposed
transaction with XCare.net.

     
From May 1 to May 4, 2001, representatives of XCare.net, Healthcare.com and
their respective financial and legal advisors held meetings at the Wyndham Hotel
in Marietta, Georgia and at Healthcare.com's offices in Marietta, Georgia.
The
purpose of these meetings was to permit XCare.net to conduct a due diligence
investigation of Healthcare.com.
Among the personnel representing XCare.net at
these meetings from time to time over the four day period were Mr. Scherping and
Juan Perez, XCare.net's director of accounting.
Among the personnel representing
Healthcare.com were Mr. Murrie, Mr. Blankenship, Ms. Schafer and Ms. Dean.
Also
present for portions of these meetings were representatives of Robertson
Stephens, financial advisor to XCare.net, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
legal counsel to XCare.net, Ernst & Young LLP, accountants for XCare.net,
FAC/Equities, financial advisor to Healthcare.com and Troutman Sanders LLP,
legal counsel to Healthcare.com.
Concurrently with these meetings,
representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati conducted legal due
diligence of Healthcare.com, and Ernst & Young conducted financial and
accounting due diligence in Marietta, Georgia.

     
On May 4, 2001 representatives from XCare.net and Healthcare.com held
meetings at Healthcare.com's corporate office in Marietta, Georgia.
The purpose
of these meetings was to permit XCare.net to conduct a technical due diligence
investigation of Healthcare.com's software.
Personnel representing XCare.net
were Ms. Sweeney, Afshin Cangarlu, XCare.net's senior vice president and general
manager and Tammy McLaren, XCare.net's senior vice president of technology and
integration partners.
Personnel representing Healthcare.com were Ms. Dean and
other members of Healthcare.com's technical staff.
Also present was Ann Ting,
president and chief operating officer of Confer Software.

     
On May 7 and 8, 2001, representatives of Healthcare.com, FAC/Equities,
Troutman Sanders and KPMG LLP, independent accountants for Healthcare.com,
conducted a due diligence investigation of XCare.net at XCare.net's offices in
Englewood, Colorado.
Among the personnel representing Healthcare.com at the due
diligence sessions were Mr. Blankenship and other finance and business
development personnel of Healthcare.com, representatives of FAC/Equities,
representatives of Troutman Sanders and representatives of KPMG.
Participating
in these meetings representing XCare.net were Mr. Scherping and other financial,
marketing and business development personnel of XCare.net, representatives from
Robertson Stephens and representatives from Ernst & Young.

     
On May 10, 2001, members of Healthcare.com's management and board of
directors held meetings with members of XCare.net's management at the Wyndham
Hotel in Marietta, Georgia.
Representing XCare.net at the meetings were Ms.
Sweeney and Mr. Scherping.
Among the personnel representing Healthcare.com at
the meetings were Mr. Murrie, Mr. Petit, Mr. Blankenship, Leslie Jones, general
counsel for Healthcare.com, and Ms. Schafer.
Also present for portions of the
meetings were representatives from Robertson Stephens, FAC/Equities, Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Troutman Sanders.
During the course of the
meetings, management of XCare.net and Healthcare.com negotiated, and eventually
agreed to, the principal terms of the transaction, including the exchange ratio,
subject to the approval of each company's boards of directors and the
negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement.

     
From May 10 through May 14, 2001, representatives of XCare.net,
Healthcare.com, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Troutman Sanders negotiated
the definitive merger agreement and the related transaction agreements.

     
On May 11, 2001, following Healthcare.com's annual meeting of stockholders,
Healthcare.com's board of directors held its annual meeting.
At the board of
directors meeting, management of Healthcare.com updated the board of directors
on the status of negotiations with XCare.net.
In addition, FAC/Equities made a
preliminary presentation regarding various financial analyses of the proposed
merger with XCare.net.
Healthcare.com's board of directors instructed management
to continue negotiations with XCare.net and approved indemnification agreements
to be entered into between Healthcare.com and its directors and executive
officers.
At Healthcare.com's annual meeting of stockholders, Healthcare.com's
stockholders approved the proposed amendment to Healthcare.com's articles of
incorporation to effect a reverse stock split.

     
On May 14, 2001, XCare.net's and Healthcare.com's respective boards of
directors held special meetings to consider the approval of the merger and the
merger agreement and related agreements.
At the XCare.net board meeting, Ms.
Sweeney again reviewed the strategic and business rationale for the proposed
merger.
Representatives of Robertson Stephens then reviewed financial analyses
they had prepared in connection with their evaluation of the proposed exchange
ratio to be paid in the merger.
Robertson Stephens' representatives rendered
their oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of
May 14, 2001, and subject to various assumptions, the exchange ratio was fair to
XCare.net from a financial point of view.
For a more detailed discussion of
Robertson Stephens' analysis and opinion, you should review the section
captioned "Opinion of Robertson Stephens, Inc., Financial Advisor to XCare.net"
beginning on page 40 and the text of Robertson Stephens' opinion attached as
Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Representatives of Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati then reviewed for the board the principal terms of the
merger agreement and the related agreements and the results of its legal due
diligence review of Healthcare.com.
After discussion and deliberation, the
XCare.net board unanimously:

     - determined that the merger is in the best interests of XCare.net and its
       stockholders;

     - approved the merger, the merger agreement and the related agreements;

     - resolved to call a special meeting of XCare.net's stockholders to approve
       the issuance of XCare.net common stock in connection with the merger as
       required by the rules of The Nasdaq National Market; and

     - resolved to recommend that the stockholders of XCare.net vote in favor of
       the issuance of shares of XCare.net common stock in connection with the
       merger.

     
At the meeting of Healthcare.com's board of directors held on May 14, 2001,
the Healthcare.com board and representatives of FAC/Equities reviewed financial
analyses FAC/Equities had prepared in connection with their evaluation of the
proposed exchange ratio.
FAC/Equities' representatives rendered their oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of May 14,
2001, and subject to various assumptions, the exchange ratio was fair to the
holders of Healthcare.com common stock from a financial point of view.
For a
more detailed discussion of FAC/Equities' analysis and opinion, you should
review the section captioned "Opinion of Healthcare.com's financial advisor"
beginning on page 33 and the text of FAC/Equities' opinion attached as Annex D
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
After discussion and deliberation, the
Healthcare.com board unanimously:

     - determined that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of,
       Healthcare.com's stockholders;

     - approved the merger and the merger agreement;

     - resolved to call a special meeting of Healthcare.com's stockholders to
       adopt and approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
       in the merger agreement;

     - resolved to recommend that the Healthcare.com stockholders vote in favor
       of adoption and approval of the merger agreement;

     - approved the employment agreement with Robert Murrie and the form of
       severance agreement to be entered into with Healthcare.com's executive
       officers and other key employees;

     - adopted amendments to Healthcare.com's Restated Stock Option Plan and
       Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan to provide for acceleration of vesting of
       options upon completion of the merger; and

     - finalized the grant of options to purchase 5,000 shares of Healthcare.com
       common stock to each non-employee director of Healthcare.com., following
       approval by Healthcare.com's stockholders of amendments to
       Healthcare.com's Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan.

     
Following the conclusion of the two board meetings, XCare.net and
Healthcare.com finalized, executed and delivered the merger agreement and each
company issued a press release announcing the transaction.


HEALTHCARE.COM REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF HEALTHCARE.COM BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

     Healthcare.com Reasons for Merger

     Healthcare.com's board of directors has unanimously determined that the
merger is advisable and in the best interests of Healthcare.com and its
stockholders and has approved and adopted the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
The Healthcare.com board of
directors believes that the merger will provide Healthcare.com stockholders with
ownership of shares in an attractive company with strong growth prospects that
will enhance the value of their investment in Healthcare.com.

     
In determining that the merger is in the best interests of Healthcare.com
and its stockholders, the Healthcare.com board of directors considered a number
of factors, including the board's belief that:

     - The combined company will be a premier provider of secure data and
       information sharing and strategic business-to-business Internet solutions
       that will service the specific needs of the healthcare industry as well
       as customers in almost any industry.

     
- The combined company will be better suited to exploit the existing
       relationships of Healthcare.com and XCare.net to expand its strategic
       partnerships.

     - Healthcare.com expects its data access, integration, indexing and
       delivery solutions to be highly compatible and complementary with
       XCare.net's XTiera(TM) product.

     
- The merger will create a larger, more competitive company that will have
       advantages of scale, especially in the ability of the combined company to
       quickly and efficiently provide customized technology-based solutions
       that operate with their customers' existing workflow structure.

     
- XCare.net has significant relationships in the healthcare payor market
       and Healthcare.com has a significant installed customer base.
The
       combined company will have the opportunity to cross-sell its services to
       Healthcare.com's pre-existing installed customer base.

     
- The corporate cultures and management philosophies of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net will be compatible.

     
- The combined company will have increased access to working capital.

     
In addition, many of the reasons for the merger from XCare.net's
perspective, described in the section captioned "XCare.net's Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the Board" beginning on page 39 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, are equally applicable from Healthcare.com's perspective
as well, although the Healthcare.com board of directors did not view them as
being as significant as the reasons described above.

     
Recommendation of the Healthcare.com Board of Directors

     Healthcare.com's board of directors has unanimously voted to approve and
adopt the merger agreement, believes that the merger is fair and in the best
interests of Healthcare.com and its stockholders and unanimously recommends that
its stockholders vote FOR the adoption and approval of the merger agreement.

     
This recommendation is based primarily on the board of director's
conclusions that the merger will fulfill the strategic objectives described
above under the section captioned "Healthcare.com Reasons for the Merger"
beginning on page 31 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and that the
merger will be favorable to Healthcare.com and its stockholders.
This second
conclusion is the product of substantial financial analysis by Healthcare.com
and its financial and other advisors.
In arriving at its recommendations,
Healthcare.com's board of directors relied significantly upon the advice and
opinion of its financial advisor which is described more fully under the section
captioned "Opinion of FAC/Equities, Financial Advisor to Healthcare.com"
beginning on page 33 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     
In deciding to recommend the merger to its stockholders, Healthcare.com's
board of directors also considered several unfavorable factors.
The most
significant of these were:

     - The combined company would be a larger, but not necessarily a more
       profitable, participant in the healthcare information access and
       technology-based solutions industry.
Generally speaking, technology-based
       solutions providers have had difficulty generating profitable operations.
       
XCare.net incurred net losses for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999
       and 1998, and since XCare.net shifted its focus to Internet-based
       healthcare products and services in early 1999, it has funded itself
       primarily through borrowing funds and sales of equity.
There is no
       guarantee that the merger will enable the combined company to become
       profitable in the short or long term.

     -
The combined company will still be smaller than many of its competitors.
       
Although the combined company will enjoy many benefits of scale, many of
       its competitors are larger and have greater resources.

     
- Combining the businesses of these two corporations will be challenging
       and costly.

     
Overall, Healthcare.com's board of directors concluded that these factors
were substantially outweighed by the benefits expected to result from the
merger.

     
It is important to note that no one factor was the reason for any
individual director's decision and that each director attached his own weight to
many of the factors considered.
However, based on the total mix of information
available to them, all directors determined to approve and recommend the merger
agreement to Healthcare.com stockholders.
They felt that the strategic,
operational and financial opportunities the merger presents will enhance
Healthcare.com stockholder value and that stockholders should stand to benefit
in the future by holding ownership interests in XCare.net.


OPINION OF FAC/EQUITIES, FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO HEALTHCARE.COM

     Pursuant to a letter agreement dated May 11, 2001, FAC/Equities was engaged
by Healthcare.com to provide certain financial advisory services and a financial
fairness opinion in connection with the merger.
The May 11th letter agreement
was a extension of the original letter agreement between Healthcare.com and
FAC/Equities, signed in January 2001.
Through that letter agreement,
Healthcare.com retained FAC/
Equities to provide financial advisory and
investment banking services to Healthcare.com in connection with a possible
acquisition by Healthcare.com of complementary products, technologies or
businesses.
FAC/Equities was retained based on its experience as a financial
advisor in connection with mergers and acquisitions and in securities valuations
generally, as well as FAC/Equities' investment banking relationship and
familiarity with Healthcare.com.

     
At the May 14, 2001 meeting of the Healthcare.com board of directors,
FAC/Equities delivered its oral opinion, later confirmed in writing, to the
effect that as of such date, based upon the assumptions made, matters considered
and limits of review in connection with such opinion, the exchange ratio in the

merger is fair to Healthcare.com's common stockholders (other than
Healthcare.com, XCare.net and their respective direct or indirect subsidiaries)
from a financial point of view.
Healthcare.com and XCare.net determined the
amount of consideration to be paid through negotiations, not from
recommendations of FAC/Equities.
Healthcare.com did not impose any limitations
on FAC/Equities with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed
in rendering its opinion.

     
The full text of the FAC/Equities opinion to the Healthcare.com board of
directors, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations of review by FAC/Equities, is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex D, and is incorporated by reference.
You should
read it carefully and in its entirety in connection with this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The following summary of the FAC/Equities opinion is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.
The
FAC/Equities opinion is addressed to the Healthcare.com board of directors only
and does not constitute a recommendation to any Healthcare.com common
stockholders as to how any common stockholder should vote at the Healthcare.com
special meeting.

     
FAC/Equities has informed Healthcare.com that in arriving at its opinion,
FAC/Equities, among other things:

     - Reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated as of May 12, 2001;

     - Reviewed consolidated audited financial statements and related
       information of Healthcare.com and XCare.net for the fiscal year ended
       December 31, 2000 and the unaudited quarterly report for the period ended
       March 31, 2001;

     - Reviewed publicly available information concerning the historical prices
       and trading activity of the Healthcare.com common stock and XCare.net
       common stock;

     - Reviewed certain other financial and business information concerning the
       business and operations of Healthcare.com and XCare.net as well as
       similar information for certain other companies in lines of business it
       believed to be generally comparable to those of Healthcare.com;

     - Discussed with members of the senior management of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net the past and current business operations, financial condition
       and future prospects of Healthcare.com and XCare.net; and

     - Considered such other information, financial studies analyses and
       investigations and financial, economic and market criteria that it deemed
       appropriate, including, to the extent publicly available, the financial
       terms of comparable transactions.

     
In preparing the FAC/Equities opinion, FAC/Equities relied upon and
assumed, without assuming any responsibility for verification of the accuracy
and completeness of, all of the financial and other information provided to it
by Healthcare.com or XCare.net, or otherwise publicly available, and have
assumed that there have been no material changes in Healthcare.com's or
XCare.net's business operations, financial condition or prospects since the
respective dates of such information.

     
FAC/Equities also assumed, with Healthcare.com's consent, that the merger
will be consummated in accordance with the terms described in the merger
agreement, without any further amendments thereto, and without waiver by
Healthcare.com of any of the conditions to its obligations thereunder.

FAC/Equities further assumed, with Healthcare.com's consent, that the draft
merger agreement it reviewed conformed in all material respects to the final
merger agreement.

     
FAC/Equities did not make an independent evaluation, appraisal or physical
inspection of any of the assets, properties or facilities of Healthcare.com or
XCare.net and was not furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals.

FAC/Equities also assumed that the merger will be accounted for on a purchase
basis under generally accepted accounting principles.
Finally, the FAC/Equities
opinion is based on economic, marketing and market and other conditions as in
effect on, and the information made available to it as of May 14, 2001.

     
While the summary below describes all analyses and examinations that
FAC/Equities deems material to its opinion, it is not a comprehensive
description of all analyses and examinations actually performed by FAC/Equities.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to partial or summary
description.
FAC/Equities believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered,
without considering all such analysis and factors, would create an incomplete
view of the evaluation process underlying the FAC/Equities opinion.
Several
analytical methodologies were used and no one method of analysis should be
regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by FAC/Equities.
The
conclusions reached by FAC/Equities are based on all analyses and factors taken
as a whole and also on application of FAC/Equities' own experience and judgment.

Such conclusions may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and
qualitative analysis.
In addition, FAC/Equities may have given various analyses
more or less weight than other analyses, and may have deemed various assumptions
more or less probable than other assumptions, so that the ranges of valuations
resulting from any particular analysis should not be taken to be FAC/ Equities'
view of the actual value of Healthcare.com, XCare.net or the combined company.

     
In performing its analyses, FAC/Equities made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Healthcare.com or
XCare.net.
The analyses performed by FAC/Equities are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or actual future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than suggested by such analyses.
Such analyses were prepared
solely as part of FAC/Equities' analysis of the fairness of the exchange ratio
from a financial point of view and were provided to the Healthcare.com board of
directors in connection with the delivery of the FAC/Equities opinion.
The
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a
company might actually be sold or the prices at which any securities may trade
at the present time or at any time in the future.
FAC/Equities used in its
analyses various projections of future results prepared by the management of
Healthcare.com and by FAC/Equities published research analyst estimates.
The
projections are based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently
unpredictable.

     
Set forth below is a brief summary of material financial and comparative
analyses performed by FAC/Equities in arriving at its oral opinion delivered to
the Healthcare.com board of directors on May 14, 2001.
For the purposes of the
financial analyses reviewed with the board at this meeting, FAC/Equities used
the exchange ratio of 0.375 provided for in the merger agreement, which based on
XCare.net's closing stock price on May 11, 2001 of $7.85 implied an enterprise
value of $87.5 million.
FAC/Equities did not express any opinion as to what the
value of the XCare.net common stock actually will be when issued pursuant to the
merger or the prices at which shares of XCare.net common stock will trade at any
time.

     
Profit and Loss Contribution Analysis.
FAC/Equities performed a relative
contribution analysis based upon FAC/Equities published research analyst
estimates of Healthcare.com's and securities research analyst estimates of
XCare.net's financial results for the fiscal years 2001 and 2002.
Based on
XCare.net's closing stock price on May 11, 2001 of $7.85 and the exchange ratio
of 0.375, Healthcare.com's implied fully-diluted ownership is 37.2% of the
combined entity.
On a relative contribution basis, the ownership percentage is
below Healthcare.com's relative contribution as measured by 2001 and 2002
revenues, gross

profit, operating income and net income.
Following is a summary of the relative
contribution analysis for fiscal years 2001 and 2002:

                                                                      % CONTRIBUTION
                                                                ---------------------------
                                                                XCARE.NET    HEALTHCARE.COM
                                                                ---------    --------------

Revenues
  FY 2001...................................................       40%             60%
  FY 2002...................................................       43%             57%
Gross Profit
  FY 2001...................................................       30%             70%
  FY 2002...................................................       46%             54%
Operating Income
  FY 2001...................................................        0%            100%
  FY 2002...................................................       14%             86%
Net Income
  FY 2001...................................................        0%            100%
  FY 2002...................................................       30%             70%

     Comparable Public Company Analysis.
Using public and other available
information, FAC/Equities analyzed and compared selected data and ratios for
Healthcare.com to the corresponding data and ratios of certain
software/enterprise application integration companies and healthcare information
technology vendor companies.
These companies were selected because they have
publicly traded securities and, FAC/Equities believes, they have operating,
market and trading valuations that are similar to those that might be expected
of Healthcare.com.
The companies against whose data and ratios Healthcare.com's
data and ratios were compared included:

    SOFTWARE/ENTERPRISE        HEALTHCARE INFORMATION
  APPLICATION INTEGRATION            TECHNOLOGY
  -----------------------      ----------------------

- - BEA Systems                - WebMD
- - WebMethods                 - Cerner Corporation
- - SeeBeyond Technologies     - Eclipsys
- - Vitria Technology          - IDX Systems
- - New Era of Networks, Inc.  - The TriZetto Group, Inc.
- - Mercator Software, Inc.    - Per-Se Technologies
- - Crossworlds Software,
  Inc.

     FAC/Equities examined (i) the multiple of total enterprise value to
calendar year 2000 revenue, (ii) the multiple of total enterprise value to
estimated calendar year 2001 revenue based on Institutional Brokerage Estimate
System estimates (IBES) and (iii) the ratio of price per share on May 10, 2001,
to estimated 2001 earnings based on IBES estimates for the peer group of
comparable companies set forth above.

     
The median and mean total enterprise value to calendar year 2000 revenue
multiple for the peer group was 3.7x and 4.2x, respectively, with a range of
values between 0.5x and 16.2x.
Applying the mean and median multiples to
Healthcare.com's calendar year 2000 revenues of $48.3 million yields an implied
range of enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $176.9 million to $203.1
million.
The exchange ratio represents an implied enterprise value of $87.5
million, which is below this range.
Applying the full range of multiples to
Healthcare.com's calendar year 2000 revenues yields an implied range of
enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $24.6 million to $782.5 million.
The
implied enterprise value represented by the exchange ratio of $87.5 million
falls within this range.

     
The median and mean total enterprise value to estimated calendar year 2001
revenue multiple for the peer group was 2.5x and 2.8x, respectively, with a
range of values between 0.3x and 11.1x.
Applying the

mean and median multiples to Healthcare.com's estimated calendar year 2001
revenues of $59.0 million yields an implied range of enterprise values for
Healthcare.com of $150.4 million to $164.9 million.
The exchange ratio
represents an implied enterprise value of $87.5 million, which is below this
range.
Applying the full range of multiples to Healthcare.com's estimated
calendar year 2001 revenues yields an implied range of enterprise values for
Healthcare.com of $20.3 million to $655.5 million.
The implied enterprise value
represented by the exchange ratio of $87.5 million falls within this range.

     
The median and mean ratio of price per share to estimated 2001 earnings
based on IBES estimates for the peer group was 48.9x and 64.9x, respectively,
with a range of values between 30.4x and 114.7x.
Applying the mean and median
ratios to Healthcare.com's estimated calendar year 2001 earnings per share of
$0.17 and net debt of $2.2 million yields an implied range of enterprise values
for Healthcare.com of $243.1 million to $321.8 million.
The exchange ratio
represents an implied enterprise value of $87.5 million, which is below this
range.
Applying the full range of multiples to Healthcare.com's estimated
calendar year 2001 earnings per share of $0.17 and net debt of $2.2 million
yields an implied range of enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $151.6
million to $566.7 million.
The implied enterprise value represented by the
exchange ratio of $87.5 million falls below this range.

     
Comparable Acquisition Analysis.
FAC/Equities examined the consideration
paid, to the extent publicly available, in a number of strategic acquisitions in
the software/enterprise application integration and the healthcare information
technology sectors involving targets providing key enabling technology or
products.
The transactions reviewed for this analysis comprised 6 acquisitions
completed or announced after May of 2000.
For each such transaction FAC/Equities
examined (i) the multiple of Healthcare.com's total enterprise value to its
revenues for the 12 months preceding the transaction and (ii) the multiple of
Healthcare.com's total enterprise value to its earnings before interest expense,
taxes, depreciation expenses and amortization costs for the 12 months preceding
the transaction.

     
The median and mean multiple of Healthcare.com's total enterprise values to
revenues for the preceding 12 months was 1.8x and 2.3x, respectively, with a
range of values between 1.2x and 5.1x.
Applying the mean and median multiples to
Healthcare.com's revenues for the twelve months ended March 31, 2001 of $51.9
million yields an implied range of enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $93.0
million to $118.4 million.
The exchange ratio represents an implied enterprise
value of $87.5 million, which is below this range.
Applying the full range of
multiples to Healthcare.com's revenues for the twelve months ended March 31,
2001 yields an implied range of enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $64.4
million to $262.1 million.
The implied enterprise value represented by the
exchange ratio of $87.5 million falls within this range.

     
The median and mean multiple of Healthcare.com's total enterprise values to
its earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation expenses and
amortization costs for the 12 months preceding the transaction was 12.8x and
14.7x, respectively, with a range of values between 11.8x and 19.6x.
Applying
the mean and median multiples to Healthcare.com's earnings before interest
expense, taxes, depreciation expenses and amortization costs for the twelve
months ended March 31, 2001 of $8.2 million yields an implied range of
enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $104.4 million to $120.5 million.
The
exchange ratio represents an implied enterprise value of $87.5 million, which is
below this range.
Applying the full range of multiples to Healthcare.com's
earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation expenses and amortization
costs for the twelve months ended March 31, 2001 yields an implied range of
enterprise values for Healthcare.com of $96.8 million to $160.4 million.
The
implied enterprise value represented by the exchange ratio of $87.5 million
falls below this range.

     
Premium Paid Analysis of Selected Comparable Transactions.
FAC/Equities
examined the consideration paid in a number of strategic acquisitions in the
technology, software/enterprise application integration and the healthcare
information technology sectors.
The transactions reviewed for this analysis
included 46 acquisitions over the 17 month period ended May 2001 in the
technology, software/enterprise application integration and the healthcare
information technology sectors and the 6 transactions included in the Comparable
Acquisition Analysis.
Among other variables, FAC/Equities compared the
percentage premiums represented by the consideration paid in such transactions
over the market price for

Healthcare.com's common stock for the one day period immediately preceding the
announcement.
The premium was determined by dividing the implied value of shares
of Healthcare.com at the time of the announcement by the average closing price
of Healthcare.com's shares for the one day period immediately preceding the
announcement.

                                                                      
PREMIUM TO ONE
SELECTED TECHNOLOGY, SOFTWARE/ENTERPRISE APPLICATION INTEGRATION        DAY BEFORE
       AND HEALTHCARE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY TRANSACTIONS              ANNOUNCEMENT
- ----------------------------------------------------------------      --------------

Median........................................................              
38%
Mean..........................................................              49%
Range
  Low.........................................................             -20%
  High........................................................             190%

                                                                  PREMIUM TO ONE
                                                                    DAY BEFORE
            COMPARABLE ACQUISITION TRANSACTIONS                    ANNOUNCEMENT
            -----------------------------------                   
--------------

Median......................................................            75%
Mean........................................................            69%
Range
  Low.......................................................            31%
  High......................................................           109%

                                                                 PERIOD AVERAGE        PREMIUM OF OFFER
                                                                 HEALTHCARE.COM         PRICE TO PERIOD
                PERIOD ENDING MAY 11, 2001                     CLOSING SHARE PRICE    AVERAGE SHARE PRICE
                --------------------------                     
-------------------    -------------------


May 11, 2001...............................................           $1.44                  104%
Prior 30 trading days......................................            
1.28                  129%
Prior 60 trading days......................................            1.38                  114%
Prior 90 trading days......................................            1.52                   94%

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
FAC/Equities performed a discounted cash
flow analysis to calculate the present value of the stand-alone free cash flow
that Healthcare.com is estimated to generate based upon a set of financial
forecasts provided by FAC/Equities published research analyst estimates and
management estimates of Healthcare.com's future performance.
FAC/Equities
discounted estimated stand-alone free cash flows using discount rates of 30% and
35%.
FAC/Equities added to the present value of the free cash flows the terminal
value of Healthcare.com in the year 2002, and discounted this terminal value
using the discount rates of 30% and 35%.
The terminal value was calculated using
a range of multiples of earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation
expenses and amortization costs of 8.0x to 12.0x.
Such analysis indicated a net
present value of Healthcare.com in the range of $67.2 to $104.4 million.
The
implied enterprise value represented by the exchange ratio of $87.5 million
falls within this range.

     
As described above, the FAC/Equities opinion and presentation to the
Healthcare.com board of directors were among the many factors taken into
consideration by the Healthcare.com board of directors in making its
determination to approve, and to recommend that its common stockholders adopt,
the merger agreement.

     
In the past, FAC/Equities has provided financial and investment banking
services to Healthcare.com for which it received compensation.
FAC/Equities is a
nationally recognized investment banking firm.
As part of its investment banking
activities, FAC/Equities is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
FAC/Equities
may trade the equity securities of Healthcare.com and XCare.net for its own
account and for the account of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in such securities.


FEE ARRANGEMENTS WITH HEALTHCARE.COM'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Pursuant to an engagement letter dated as of May 11, 2001, Healthcare.com
engaged FAC/Equities to provide financial advisory services to its board of
directors in connection with the transaction, including, among other things,
rendering its opinion and making the presentation to the board of directors
referred to above.
The engagement letter between FAC/Equities and Healthcare.com
provides that, for its services, FAC/Equities is entitled to receive usual and
customary fees in connection with the merger and the delivery of the fairness
opinion, and with respect to the fee payable upon delivery of the fairness
opinion, such fee was payable without regard to the conclusion reached in the
opinion.
Fees paid by Healthcare.com pursuant to the January 2001 letter
agreement are to be applied to this fee.
The payment of FAC/Equities' fees,
other than the fee payable on the delivery of the opinion, is contingent upon
the consummation of the merger.
In addition, Healthcare.com has also agreed to
reimburse FAC/Equities for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
Pursuant to a
separate indemnification agreement, Healthcare.com has agreed to indemnify
FAC/Equities, its affiliates, and their respective partners, directors,
officers, agents, consultants, employees and controlling persons against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.
The terms
of the fee arrangement with FAC/Equities, which Healthcare.com and FAC/Equities
believe are customary in transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arm's
length between Healthcare.com and FAC/Equities, and the Healthcare.com board was
aware of such fee arrangements.


XCARE.NET REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF XCARE.NET BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     XCare.net Reasons for Merger

     XCare.net's board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger
is advisable and in the best interests of XCare.net and its stockholders and has
approved and adopted the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.
In evaluation of the merger, the board
identified several potential benefits of the merger, the most important of which
included the board's belief that:

     - the merger would provide an opportunity for XCare.net to accelerate its
       revenue growth and extend its leadership position in providing
       business-to-business software tools and services;

     - the merger would allow XCare.net to offer a more complete product
       solution by combining XCare.net's development platform with
       Healthcare.com's enterprise application integration software;

     - the combination of the technical and marketing resources of the two
       companies would lead to a broader product family that will be attractive
       to customers because it will represent an integrated solution for
       managing and automating business processes; and

     - the combination of the companies' product lines, sales forces and
       distribution channels would immediately enhance XCare.net's ability to
       compete in the market for business-to-business software.

     
XCare.net's board of directors consulted with senior management and its
outside legal and financial advisors as part of the process of approving the
merger.
In its evaluation, the XCare.net board considered several factors,
including the following:

     - the potential strategic benefits of the merger;

     - historical information concerning XCare.net's and Healthcare.com's
       respective businesses, prospects, financial performance and condition,
       operations, technology, management and competitive position, including
       public SEC reports of the results of operations for each company;

     - the view of XCare.net's management of the financial condition, results of
       operations and business of XCare.net and Healthcare.com both before and
       after the merger;

     - current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
       volatility and trading information with respect to XCare.net's common
       stock and Healthcare.com's common stock;

     - the exchange ratio for the merger in light of comparable transactions;

     - detailed financial analysis and pro forma and other information presented
       to the board, including the opinion of Robertson Stephens to the effect
       that, as of the date of its opinion and based on and subject to the
       assumptions, limitations and qualifications referred to in the opinion,
       the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.375 shares of XCare.net common
       stock for each share of Healthcare.com common stock was fair, from a
       financial point of view, to XCare.net; and

     - reports from XCare.net's management and its legal and financial advisors
       concerning their due diligence investigations of Healthcare.com.

     
The XCare.net board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the following:

     - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

     - Healthcare.com's slower revenue growth rates relative to XCare.net;

     - the challenges of integrating the management teams, cultures and
       organizations of the two companies, especially in light of the physical
       distance between XCare.net's headquarters in Englewood, Colorado and
       Healthcare.com's headquarters in Marietta, Georgia as well as the
       nationwide geographic dispersion of each company's operations;

     - the risk of disruption of XCare.net's on-going business, including sales
       momentum, as a result of uncertainties created by the announcement of the
       merger;

     - the significant adverse impact to the net income of the combined company
       that will result from charges for the amortization or possible write-off
       of goodwill and other intangibles in light of purchase accounting
       treatment for the merger; and

     - the substantial charges to be incurred in connection with the merger,
       including the costs of integrating the businesses and transaction
       expenses arising from the merger.

     
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by
XCare.net's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but includes the
material factors the XCare.net board of directors considered.
In view of the
complexity of the transaction and the factors, both positive and negative,
influencing its decision, the XCare.net board did not find it practical to
quantify, rank, or otherwise assign relative or specific weights to these
factors.
In considering the factors described above, individual members of the
XCare.net board of directors may have given different weights to different
factors.
The XCare.net board considered all these factors as a whole and
believed the factors supported its determination to approve the merger.

     
Recommendation of the XCare.net Board of Directors

     After careful consideration, XCare.net's board of directors has unanimously
determined that the merger is in the best interest of its stockholders, has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and recommends that you vote FOR
approval of the issuance of shares of XCare.net common stock in connection with
the merger.


OPINION OF ROBERTSON STEPHENS, INC., FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO XCARE.NET

     Pursuant to an engagement letter dated April 24, 2001, XCare.net engaged
Robertson Stephens to provide financial advisory and investment banking services
to it in connection with the proposed merger and to render an opinion as to the
fairness of the exchange ratio in the proposed merger, from a financial point of
view, to XCare.net.

     
On May 14, 2001, at a meeting of XCare.net's board of directors held to
evaluate the proposed merger, Robertson Stephens delivered to XCare.net's board
of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in a written opinion dated
as of May 14, 2001, that as of that date and based on the

assumptions made, matters considered and the limitations on the review
undertaken described in the written opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.375 shares
of XCare.net common stock for each share of Healthcare.com common stock was fair
from a financial point of view to XCare.net.
(See Annex C for a copy of the full
opinion.)
The exchange ratio was determined through negotiations between the
respective managements of XCare.net and Healthcare.com.
Although Robertson
Stephens did assist the management of XCare.net in those negotiations, it was
not asked by, and did not recommend to, XCare.net that any specific exchange
ratio constituted the appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

     
You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the
opinion of XCare.net's financial advisor in this document:

     - We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens,
       which is set forth in Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       and is incorporated by reference.
The following description of the
       Robertson Stephens opinion is qualified by reference to the full opinion
       located in Annex C.
The full opinion sets forth, among other things, the
       assumptions made, the matters considered and the limitations on the
       review undertaken by Robertson Stephens.

     
- The Robertson Stephens opinion was prepared for the information of
       XCare.net's board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the
       merger and does not constitute a recommendation to the stockholders of
       XCare.net or Healthcare.com as to how they should vote, or take any other
       action, with respect to the merger.

     
- The Robertson Stephens opinion did not address the relative merits of the
       merger and the other business strategies that XCare.net's board of
       directors has considered or may be considering, nor does it address the
       decision of XCare.net's board of directors to proceed with the merger.

     - The Robertson Stephens opinion was necessarily based upon market,
       economic and other conditions that were in effect on, and information
       made available to Robertson Stephens as of, the date of the opinion.
You
       should understand that subsequent developments may affect the conclusion
       expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion, and that Robertson Stephens
       disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any
       change in any matter affecting its opinion which may come or be brought
       to Robertson Stephens' attention after the date of its opinion.

     
- The Robertson Stephens opinion was limited to the fairness, from a
       financial point of view and as of the date of its opinion, of the
       exchange ratio to XCare.net.


OPINION AND ANALYSIS OF ROBERTSON STEPHENS

     In connection with the preparation of the Robertson Stephens opinion,
Robertson Stephens:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of Healthcare.com and XCare.net,
       respectively;

     - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data, including certain financial forecasts and other forward
       looking information, concerning (a) Healthcare.com prepared by the
       management of Healthcare.com and (b) XCare.net prepared by the management
       of XCare.net;

     - reviewed with Healthcare.com and XCare.net certain publicly available
       research estimates of research analysts regarding Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net, including extrapolations of such estimates regarding
       Healthcare.com which Robertson Stephens confirmed with the management of
       Healthcare.com;

     - held discussions with the respective managements of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net concerning the businesses, past and current operations,
       financial condition and future prospects of both Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net, independently and combined, including discussions with the
       managements of Healthcare.com and XCare.net concerning their views
       regarding the strategic rationale for the merger;

     - reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in a draft, dated
       May 14, 2001, of the merger agreement;

     - reviewed the stock price and trading history of Healthcare.com common
       stock and XCare.net common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Healthcare.com and the prices and
       trading activity of Healthcare.com common stock with that of certain
       other publicly traded companies comparable with Healthcare.com;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
       the extent publicly available, of other transactions that Robertson
       Stephens deemed relevant;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on XCare.net's earnings per
       share;

     - prepared an analysis of the relative contributions of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net to the combined company;

     - prepared a discounted cash flow analysis of Healthcare.com;

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       Healthcare.com and XCare.net and their financial and legal advisors; and

     - made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other data, as
       Robertson Stephens deemed relevant.

     
In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it (including information furnished
to it orally or otherwise discussed with it by the managements of Healthcare.com
and XCare.net) or publicly available and neither attempted to verify, nor
assumed responsibility for verifying, any of such information.
Robertson
Stephens relied upon the assurances of the managements of Healthcare.com and
XCare.net that they were not aware of any facts that would make such information
inaccurate or misleading.
Furthermore, Robertson Stephens did not obtain or
make, or assume any responsibility for obtaining or making, any independent
evaluation or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities (contingent or
otherwise) of Healthcare.com or XCare.net, nor was it furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal.

     
With respect to the publicly available research estimates of research
analysts regarding Healthcare.com and XCare.net and the extrapolations of such
estimates regarding Healthcare.com which were confirmed by the management of
Healthcare.com that Robertson Stephens considered, Robertson Stephens assumed
that:

     - these estimates were reasonably prepared in good faith on the basis of
       reasonable assumptions; and

     - these estimates reflect the best currently available estimates and
       judgments of the managements of Healthcare.com and XCare.net as to the
       future financial condition and performance of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net, respectively.

     
In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that:

     - the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the draft of
       the merger agreement dated May 14, 2001, without material alteration
       thereof, including, among other things, that the merger will be accounted
       for as a "purchase method" business combination in accordance with U.S.
       generally accepted accounting principles;

     - the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the
       Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

     - the historical financial statements of each of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net reviewed by Robertson Stephens were prepared and fairly
       presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
       principles consistently applied.

     
Robertson Stephens relied as to all legal matters relevant to rendering its
opinion on the advice of counsel.
Robertson Stephens expressed no opinion as to:

     - the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in
       connection with the merger;

     - any tax or other consequences that might result from the merger; or

     - what the value of XCare.net common stock will be when issued to
       Healthcare.com's stockholders pursuant to the merger or the price at
       which shares of XCare.net common stock or Healthcare.com common stock may
       be traded in the future.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion.
The summary of the
financial analyses is not a complete description of all of the analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens.
Certain of the information in this section is
presented in tabular form.
IN ORDER TO BETTER UNDERSTAND THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES
PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON STEPHENS, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE
TEXT ACCOMPANYING EACH TABLE.
THE OPINION IS BASED UPON THE TOTALITY OF THE
VARIOUS ANALYSES PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON STEPHENS AND NO PARTICULAR PORTION OF
THE ANALYSES HAS ANY VALUE OR MERIT STANDING ALONE.

     
Comparable Companies Analysis

     Using publicly available information, Wall Street research reports and
information provided by First Call Corporation, Robertson Stephens analyzed,
among other things, the total enterprise values and trading multiples of the
following selected publicly traded companies in the health technology and
enterprise application integration industries which Robertson Stephens believed
to be reasonably comparable to Healthcare.com:

     - The TriZetto Group, Inc.

     - New Era of Networks, Inc.

     - First Consulting Group, Inc.

     - Mercator Software, Inc.

     - Crossworlds Software, Inc.

     - Superior Consultant Holdings Corporation

     Total enterprise value means the value of the company's fully-diluted
common equity plus debt outstanding and the liquidation value of outstanding
preferred stock, if any, less balance sheet cash.
All multiples were based on
closing stock prices as of May 11, 2001 except for New Era of Networks which was
based on its total enterprise value as of February 20, 2001, one day prior to
its acquisition announcement.
As set forth in the following table, applying a
range of multiples for the selected publicly traded companies of estimated
revenues for calendar years 2001 and 2002 to corresponding revenue data for
Healthcare.com resulted in the following ranges of implied equity values, prices
per share and exchange ratios:

                                                        
IMPLIED EQUITY
                                                            VALUES            IMPLIED            IMPLIED
          CALENDAR YEAR               MULTIPLE RANGE    (IN MILLIONS)     PRICE PER SHARE     EXCHANGE RATIO
          -------------               --------------    --------------    ---------------     --------------

2001 (estimated)..................    0.70x - 0.95x     $39.3 - $54.2     $1.39 - $1.92      0.177x - 0.244x
2002 (estimated)..................    0.50x - 0.75x     $32.6 - $50.2     $1.15 - $1.78      0.147x - 0.226x
MEAN..............................                      $35.9 - $52.2     $1.27 - $1.85      0.162X - 0.235X
VALUE IN THE MERGER...............                          $85.3             $2.94               0.375X

     Revenue data for Healthcare.com were obtained from published research
analyst estimates of FAC/Equities as of April 19, 2001.
The implied equity
values reflected the adjustment to implied total enterprise values for the value
of Healthcare.com's debt and preferred stock of $4.138 million and its

balance sheet cash of $1.541 million as per its earnings press release on April
18, 2001.
The implied prices per share were based on approximately 28.3 million
shares of Healthcare.com common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis.
The
implied exchange ratios were based on a share price of $7.85 for XCare.net
common stock as of May 11, 2001.
Revenue data for the selected publicly traded
companies were obtained from research analysts estimates.

     
Robertson Stephens then analyzed Healthcare.com's revenues assuming that an
outsourcing contract with the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) would
not be renewed in September 2001.
In connection with this analysis, Robertson
Stephens excluded $3 million and $12 million from Healthcare.com's revenues for
calendar years 2001 and 2002, respectively.
These amounts were obtained from
Healthcare.com's management.
As set forth in the following table, applying the
range of multiples for the selected publicly traded companies of estimated
revenues for calendar years 2001 and 2002 to corresponding revenue data for
Healthcare.com, as adjusted to reflect the non-renewal of the Medical University
of South Carolina contract, resulted in the following ranges of implied equity
values, prices per share and exchange ratios:

                                                         IMPLIED EQUITY
                                                             VALUES        IMPLIED PRICE        IMPLIED
           CALENDAR YEAR               MULTIPLE RANGE    (IN MILLIONS)       PER SHARE       EXCHANGE RATIO
           -------------               --------------    --------------    -------------     --------------

2001 (estimated - without MUSC
  contract)........................    
0.70x - 0.95x     $37.2 - $51.4     $1.32 - $1.82    0.168x - 0.232x
2002 (estimated - without MUSC
  contract)........................    0.50x - 0.75x     $26.6 - $41.2     $0.94 - $1.46    0.120x - 0.186x
MEAN (WITHOUT MUSC CONTRACT).......                      
$31.9 - $46.3     $1.13 - $1.64    0.144X - 0.209X
VALUE IN THE MERGER................                          
$85.3             $2.94             0.375X

     Control Premium on Comparable Companies Analysis

     Based upon its review of the range of premiums to the acquired company's
closing market price one day prior to the announcement of the transaction that
have been paid in the precedent transactions listed below, Robertson Stephens
applied a range of control premiums of 35% to 65% to the equity valuations
implied by the foregoing comparable companies analyses.
The results of this
analysis are summarized below:

                                                         IMPLIED EQUITY
                                      CONTROL PREMIUM        VALUES        IMPLIED PRICE        IMPLIED
          CALENDAR YEAR                    RANGE         (IN MILLIONS)       PER SHARE       EXCHANGE RATIO
          -------------               ---------------    --------------    -------------     --------------

2001 (estimated)..................       35% - 65%       $53.0 - $89.5     $1.88 - $3.17    0.239x - 0.403x
2002 (estimated)..................       35% - 65%       $44.0 - $82.8     $1.56 - $2.93    0.198x - 0.373x
MEAN..............................                       
$48.5 - $86.1     $1.72 - $3.05    0.219X - 0.388X
VALUE IN THE MERGER...............                           
$85.3             $2.94             0.375X

     The following table sets forth the results of this analysis as adjusted to
reflect the non-renewal of the Medical University of South Carolina contract:

                                                         IMPLIED EQUITY
                                      CONTROL PREMIUM        VALUES        IMPLIED PRICE        IMPLIED
          CALENDAR YEAR                    RANGE         (IN MILLIONS)       PER SHARE       EXCHANGE RATIO
          -------------               ---------------    --------------    -------------     --------------

2001 (estimated - without MUSC
  contract).......................       35% - 65%       $50.2 - $84.8     $1.78 - $3.00    0.226x - 0.382x
2002 (estimated - without MUSC
  contract).......................       35% - 65%       $35.9 - $68.0     $1.27 - $2.41    0.162x - 0.306x
MEAN (WITHOUT MUSC CONTRACT)......                       $43.0 - $76.4     $1.52 - $2.70    0.194X - 0.344X
VALUE IN THE MERGER...............                           
$85.3             $2.94             0.375X

     SELECTED PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS

     Using publicly available information, Bloomberg and Wall Street research
reports, Robertson Stephens reviewed and analyzed the consideration paid and the
purchase price premiums paid on the following selected acquisition transactions
in the health technology and enterprise application integration industries
(listing the acquired company followed by the acquiror and with the date these
transactions were publicly announced in parenthesis) which Robertson Stephens
believed to be reasonably comparable to the proposed merger:

     - INFOTRUST Company/The TriZetto Group, Inc. (April 17, 2001)

     - New Era of Networks, Inc./Sybase, Inc.
(February 21, 2001)

     - Resource Information Management Systems, Inc./The TriZetto Group, Inc.
       (November 2, 2000)

     - SAGA Systems, Inc./Software AG (November 2, 2000)

     - Active Software, Inc./webMethods, Inc. (May 22, 2000)

     - Shared Medical Systems Corporation/Siemens AG (May 1, 2000)

     
In analyzing these "precedent transactions," Robertson Stephens compared,
among other things, the total enterprise value based on the implicit share price
in the precedent transaction as a multiple of the latest twelve months', or
"LTM", revenues as of the time of the transaction, and the next twelve months',
or "NTM", estimated revenues.
Based on this information and other publicly
available information, the following table illustrates the implied equity
values, prices per share and exchange ratios derived from applying a range of
multiples of total enterprise value that Robertson Stephens derived from these
precedent transactions to corresponding revenue data for Healthcare.com:

                                                     IMPLIED EQUITY VALUES        IMPLIED            IMPLIED
                                   MULTIPLE RANGE        (IN MILLIONS)        PRICE PER SHARE    EXCHANGE RATIO
                                   --------------    
---------------------    ---------------    --------------

LTM Revenues...................    1.50x - 1.80x     $77.8 - $ 93.4           $2.75 - $3.31      0.351x - 0.421x
NTM Revenues...................    
1.20x - 1.60x     $76.8 - $102.4           $2.72 - $3.62      0.346x - 0.462x
MEAN...........................                      $77.3 - $ 97.9           $2.74 - $3.46      0.349X - 0.441X
VALUE IN THE MERGER............                            
$85.3                  $2.94              0.375X

     LTM revenues for Healthcare.com were for the twelve month period ended
March 31, 2001.
NTM revenues for Healthcare.com were for the twelve month period
ended March 31, 2002 and were obtained using 75% of FAC/Equities published
research analyst estimates, as of April 19, 2001, for calendar year 2001 and 25%
of its estimates for calendar year 2002.
The implied equity values reflected the
adjustment to implied total enterprise values for the value of Healthcare.com's
debt and preferred stock of $4.138 million and its balance sheet cash of $1.541
million as per its earnings press release on April 18, 2001.
The implied prices
per share were based on approximately 28.3 million shares of Healthcare.com
common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis.
The implied exchange ratios
were based on a share price of $7.85 for XCare.net common stock as of May 11,
2001.

     
Robertson Stephens then analyzed Healthcare.com's revenues assuming that
the contract with the Medical University of South Carolina would not be renewed
in September 2001.
In connection with this analysis, Robertson Stephens excluded
$3 million and $12 million from Healthcare.com's revenues for calendar years
2001 and 2002, respectively.
These amounts were obtained from Healthcare.com's
management.
The following table illustrates the implied equity values, prices
per share and exchange ratios derived from applying a range of multiples of
total enterprise value that Robertson Stephens derived from

these precedent transactions to corresponding revenue data for Healthcare.com,
as adjusted to reflect the non-renewal of the Medical University of South
Carolina contract:

                                                         
IMPLIED EQUITY
                                                             VALUES               IMPLIED            IMPLIED
                                    MULTIPLE RANGE       (IN MILLIONS)        PRICE PER SHARE    EXCHANGE RATIO
                                    --------------       --------------       ---------------    --------------

LTM Revenues (without MUSC
  contract).....................    1.50x - 1.80x     $77.8 - $93.4           $2.75 - $3.31      0.351x - 0.421x
NTM Revenues (without MUSC
  contract).....................    
1.20x - 1.60x     $69.6 - $92.8           $2.46 - $3.28      0.314x - 0.418x
MEAN (WITHOUT MUSC CONTRACT)....                      
$73.7 - $93.1           $2.61 - $3.29      0.332X - 0.420X
VALUE IN THE MERGER.............                           
$85.3                  $2.94              0.375X

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

     Robertson Stephens performed discounted cash flow analyses on the after-tax
free cash flows of Healthcare.com for calendar years 2001 through 2005 using
estimates for calendar years 2001 through 2002 obtained from FAC/Equities
published research analyst estimates as of April 19, 2001 and extrapolating such
estimates for calendar years 2003 to 2005.
The extrapolations were reviewed with
and confirmed by Healthcare.com management.
Robertson Stephens first discounted
the estimated after-tax free cash flows through the calendar year ending 2005
using discount rates ranging from 20.0% to 30.0%.
Robertson Stephens then added
to the present value of these after-tax free cash flows the exit value of
Healthcare.com based on a multiple of its projected revenues in the calendar
year ending 2005, discounted back to the present at the same discount rates.
The
exit value of Healthcare.com in the calendar year ending 2005 was computed by
multiplying estimated revenue for calendar year 2005 by exit revenue multiples
ranging from 1.00x to 1.50x.
In addition, Robertson Stephens performed a
discounted cash flow analysis in which Robertson Stephens added to the present
value of the after-tax free cash flows the exit value of Healthcare.com based on
a multiple of its projected EBITDA in the calendar year ending 2005, discounted
back to the present at the same discount rates.
The exit value of Healthcare.com
in the calendar year ending 2005 was computed by multiplying estimated EBITDA
for calendar year 2005 by exit EBITDA multiples ranging from 5.00x to 10.00x.

EBITDA means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
The
ranges of exit revenue multiples and exit EBITDA multiples were selected from
comparable mature health technology and enterprise application integration
companies and reflects Robertson Stephens' judgment as to an appropriate range
of multiples at the end of the referenced period.
Applying the above ranges of
discount rates and exit multiples to the after-tax free cash flows of
Healthcare.com yielded the following ranges:

                                                    IMPLIED EQUITY
                                                        VALUES               IMPLIED            IMPLIED
                                                    (IN MILLIONS)        PRICE PER SHARE    EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                    --------------       ---------------    --------------

Revenue Exit Multiple........................    $52.2 - $103.2          $1.85 - $3.65      0.236x - 0.465x
EBITDA Exit Multiple.........................    $45.5 - $113.5          $1.61 - $4.02      0.205x - 0.512x
MEAN.........................................    $48.9 - $108.4          $1.73 - $3.84      0.220X - 0.489X
VALUE IN THE MERGER..........................          
$85.3                 $2.94              0.375X

     The implied equity values reflected the adjustment to implied total
enterprise values for the value of Healthcare.com's debt and preferred stock of
$4.138 million and its balance sheet cash of $1.541 million as per its earnings
press release on April 18, 2001.
The implied prices per share were based on
approximately 28.3 million shares of Healthcare.com common stock outstanding on
a fully diluted basis.
The implied exchange ratios were based on a share price
of $7.85 for XCare.net common stock as of May 11, 2001.

     
Robertson Stephens then performed similar discounted cash flow analyses
assuming that the contract with the Medical University of South Carolina would
not be renewed in September 2001.
In connection with these analyses, Robertson
Stephens excluded $3 million from Healthcare.com's revenues for calendar

year 2001 and $12 million from Healthcare.com's revenues for calendar years 2002
through 2005.
These amounts were obtained from Healthcare.com's management.

Applying the above ranges of discount rates and exit multiples to the after-tax
free cash flows of Healthcare.com, as adjusted to reflect the non-renewal of the
Medical University of South Carolina contract, yielded the following ranges:

                                               IMPLIED EQUITY VALUES        IMPLIED            IMPLIED
                                                   (IN MILLIONS)        PRICE PER SHARE    EXCHANGE RATIO
                                               ---------------------    ---------------    --------------

Revenue Exit Multiple
  (without MUSC contract)....................  $47.1 - $93.4            $1.67 - $3.30      0.212x - 0.421x
EBITDA Exit Multiple
  (without MUSC contract)....................  $42.3 - $106.4           $1.50 - $3.76      0.191x - 0.480x
MEAN (WITHOUT MUSC CONTRACT).................  $44.7 - $99.9            $1.58 - $3.53      0.201X - 0.450X
VALUE IN THE MERGER..........................        
$85.3                  $2.94              0.375X

     Contribution Analysis

     Based upon estimates for Healthcare.com obtained from FAC/Equities
published research analyst estimates and estimates for XCare.net obtained from
SG Cowen published research analyst estimates, Robertson Stephens analyzed the
respective contributions of Healthcare.com and XCare.net to the estimated
revenues and gross profit of the combined company for calendar years 2001 and
2002, assuming no synergies.
The table below sets forth the implied equity
values, prices per share and exchange ratios for Healthcare.com based on
approximately 28.3 million shares of Healthcare.com common stock outstanding on
a fully diluted basis and on a share price of $7.85 for XCare.net common stock
as of May 11, 2001:

                                              IMPLIED EQUITY VALUES        IMPLIED            IMPLIED
                                                  (IN MILLIONS)        PRICE PER SHARE    EXCHANGE RATIO
                                              ---------------------    ---------------    --------------

Revenue (2001 - 2002).......................  $185.6 - $226.6          $6.57 - $8.02      0.837x - 1.022x
Gross Profit (2001 - 2002)..................  $164.4 - $360.4          $5.82 - $12.76     0.741x - 1.625x
MEAN........................................  
$175.0 - $293.5          $6.19 - $10.39     0.789X - 1.323X
VALUE IN THE MERGER.........................        
$85.3                  $2.94              0.375X

     The following table sets forth the results of this analysis, as adjusted to
reflect the non-renewal of the Medical University of South Carolina contract:

                                              IMPLIED EQUITY VALUES        IMPLIED            IMPLIED
                                                  (IN MILLIONS)        PRICE PER SHARE    EXCHANGE RATIO
                                              ---------------------    ---------------    --------------

Revenue (2001 - 2002,
  without MUSC contract)....................  $153.9 - $215.3          $5.45 - $7.62      0.694x - 0.971x
Gross Profit (2001 - 2002,
  without MUSC contract)....................  $152.4 - $319.1          $5.39 - $11.29     0.687x - 1.438x
MEAN (WITHOUT MUSC CONTRACT)................  $153.2 - $267.2          $5.42 - $9.46      0.691X - 1.205X
VALUE IN THE MERGER.........................        
$85.3                  $2.94              0.375X

     Accretion/Dilution Analysis

     Robertson Stephens analyzed certain pro forma effects resulting from the
merger, including the impact of the merger on the estimated earnings per share
of XCare.net for calendar years 2001 and 2002.
The estimated earnings per share
of XCare.net on a standalone basis were derived from an SG Cowen published
research report and excluded the amortization of certain warrants and included
the amortization of stock based compensation.
Assuming no synergies, the results
of this analysis suggested that the impact of the merger on earnings per share
of XCare.net is accretive in both fiscal year 2001 and 2002.

     
XCare.net Comparable Companies Analysis

     Using publicly available information, Wall Street research reports and
information provided by First Call, Robertson Stephens analyzed the stock
performance, total enterprise value and trading multiples of

XCare.net and the comparable companies listed above which Robertson Stephens
believed to be reasonably comparable to XCare.net.

     
In examining the comparable companies, Robertson Stephens calculated the
total enterprise value of each company as a multiple of its respective estimated
calendar year 2001 and 2002 revenues and compared such multiples to
corresponding multiples for XCare.net.
Revenue data for the selected publicly
traded companies were obtained from research analysts estimates.
Stock
performances compared by Robertson Stephens included the percentage below the
highest intraday stock price and the percentage above the lowest intraday stock
price for each company for the previous 52-week period, based upon the closing
stock prices as of May 11, 2001.
The stock price used for New Era of Networks
was as of February 20, 2001, one day prior to the announcement of its
acquisition by Sybase.
Robertson Stephens' analysis of these comparable
companies resulted in the following:

                                                  STOCK PERFORMANCE          TOTAL ENTERPRISE VALUE/
                                                  ------------------    
----------------------------------
                                                  % ABOVE    % BELOW    CY 2001 REVENUE    CY 2002 REVENUE
                                                    LOW       HIGH        (ESTIMATED)        (ESTIMATED)
                                                  -------    
-------    ---------------    ---------------

Maximum.......................................     27.4%      95.7%          1.94x              1.60x
Minimum.......................................      2.3%      47.0%          0.27x              0.23x
XCARE.NET.....................................     42.4%      31.4%          1.81X              1.26X

     Other Factors

     No company, business or transaction compared in any of the above analyses
is identical to XCare.net, Healthcare.com or the proposed merger.
Accordingly,
an analysis of the results of the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
public trading, acquisition and other values of the comparable companies,
precedent transactions or the company or transaction to which they are being
compared.
In addition, various analyses performed by Robertson Stephens
incorporate projections prepared by research analysts using only publicly
available information.
These estimates may or may not prove to be accurate.

     
While this summary describes the analysis and factors that Robertson
Stephens deemed material in its presentation to the XCare.net board, it is not a
comprehensive description of all analyses and factors considered by Robertson
Stephens.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that
involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the particular
circumstances.
Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor
considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance
and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, Robertson Stephens
believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion.
Several analytical
methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should be regarded as
critical to the overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens.
Each
analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature of
the available information may further affect the value of particular techniques.

The conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens is based on all analyses and
factors taken as a whole and also on application of Robertson Stephens' own
experience and judgment.
This conclusion may involve significant elements of
subjective judgment and qualitative analysis.
Robertson Stephens expresses no
opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or more parts of the
analysis it performed.
In performing its analyses, Robertson Stephens made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and
other conditions and matters, many of which are beyond the control of XCare.net,
Healthcare.com or Robertson Stephens.
Any estimates contained in these analyses
are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results
or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by these analyses.
Accordingly, analyses relating to the value

of businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
these businesses actually may be sold in the future, and these estimates are
inherently subject to uncertainty.

     
In the past, Robertson Stephens has provided certain investment banking
services to XCare.net for which it has been compensated, including acting as
lead manager for XCare.net's initial public offering in February 2000.
Robertson
Stephens maintains a market in the shares of XCare.net common stock.
In the
ordinary course of its business, Robertson Stephens may trade in XCare.net's
securities and Healthcare.com's securities for its own account and the account
of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position
in XCare.net's securities or Healthcare.com's securities.

     
Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
and was retained based on its experience as a financial advisor in connection
with mergers and acquisitions and in securities valuations generally.
As part of
its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is frequently engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and other purposes.


FEE ARRANGEMENTS WITH XCARE.NET'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     The engagement letter between Robertson Stephens and XCare.net provides
that, for its services, Robertson Stephens is entitled to receive usual and
customary fees in connection with the transaction and the delivery of the
fairness opinion, and with respect to the fee payable upon delivery of the
fairness opinion, such fee was payable without regard to the conclusion reached
in the opinion.
The payment of Robertson Stephens' fees, other than the fee
payable on the delivery of the opinion, is contingent upon the consummation of
the merger.
XCare.net has also agreed to reimburse Robertson Stephens for its
reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses related to this work, including
legal fees, and to indemnify and hold harmless Robertson Stephens and its
affiliates and any other person, director, employee or agent of Robertson
Stephens or any of its affiliates, or any person controlling Robertson Stephens
or its affiliates, for certain losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities
relating to or arising out of services provided by Robertson Stephens as
financial advisor to XCare.net.
The terms of the fee arrangement with Robertson
Stephens, which XCare.net and Robertson Stephens believe are customary in
transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arm's length between XCare.net
and Robertson Stephens, and XCare.net's board of directors was aware of these
fee arrangements.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

     
The merger will be accounted for as a "purchase" transaction for accounting
and financial reporting purposes, in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States.
The results of operations of
Healthcare.com after the merger will be included in the consolidated financial
statements of XCare.net.
The purchase price will be allocated based on the fair
values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
Any excess of cost
over fair value of the net tangible assets of Healthcare.com acquired will be
recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets and will be amortized by
charges to operations under current generally accepted accounting principles in
the United Sates.
These allocations will be made based upon valuations and other
studies that have not yet been finalized.
The Financial Accounting Standards
Board is expected to issue a statement, Business Combinations and Intangible
Assets -- Accounting for Goodwill, in July 2001.
The statement is expected to
change the method of accounting for goodwill recorded in acquisitions after June
30, 2001.
The statement is expected to eliminate the amortization of goodwill
and set forth methods to evaluate goodwill for impairment.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS OF THE MERGER

     
The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger to Healthcare.com stockholders.
This discussion is
based on existing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, existing treasury
regulations and current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which
are subject to change.
Any such change, which may or may not be retroactive,
could alter the tax consequences to XCare.net, Healthcare.com or
Healthcare.com's stockholders as described herein.

     
We do not discuss all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be
relevant to Healthcare.com stockholders in light of their particular
circumstances.
Factors that could alter the tax consequences of the merger to
Healthcare.com stockholders include whether they:

     - are a dealer or trader in securities;

     - are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Internal
       Revenue Code;

     - are a non-U.S. person or entity;

     - are a tax-exempt organization, financial institution or insurance
       company;

     - do not hold their Healthcare.com shares as capital assets;

     - acquired their shares in connection with stock option or stock purchase
       plans or in other compensatory transactions; or

     - hold Healthcare.com common stock subject to the constructive sale
       provisions of Section 1259 of the Internal Revenue Code.

     
In addition, we do not discuss the tax consequences of the merger under
foreign, state or local tax laws, the tax consequences of transactions
effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the merger, whether or
not any such transactions are undertaken in connection with the merger,
including without limitation any transaction in which Healthcare.com shares are
acquired or shares of XCare.net common stock are disposed of, or the tax
consequences to holders of options, warrants or similar rights to acquire
Healthcare.com common stock.
ACCORDINGLY, WE URGE HEALTHCARE.COM STOCKHOLDERS TO
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER.

     
Completion of the merger is conditioned upon receipt by XCare.net and
Healthcare.com of opinions from their respective counsel, Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, and Troutman Sanders, LLP, that the
merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code.
The tax opinions will be rendered on the basis of
facts, representations and assumptions set forth or referred to in such
opinions.
In rendering these tax opinions, counsel will require and will rely
upon factual representations contained in certificates of officers of XCare.net
and Healthcare.com.
These tax opinions will also be based upon the Internal
Revenue Code, existing treasury regulations, and current administrative rulings
and court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect.

     
With respect to Healthcare.com stockholders who hold their Healthcare.com
common stock as a capital asset, qualification of the merger as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code will result in
the following federal income tax consequences:

     - Healthcare.com stockholders will not recognize any gain or loss upon the
       receipt of XCare.net common stock in the merger, except on cash received
       for a fractional share of XCare.net common stock;

     - the aggregate tax basis of the XCare.net common stock received by
       Healthcare.com stockholders in the merger, including any fractional share
       of XCare.net common stock not actually received, will be the same as the
       aggregate tax basis of the Healthcare.com common stock surrendered in
       exchange therefor;

     - the holding period of the XCare.net common stock received by
       Healthcare.com stockholders in the merger will include the period for
       which the Healthcare.com common stock surrendered in exchange therefor
       was considered to be held;

     - cash payments received by Healthcare.com stockholders for fractional
       shares of XCare.net common stock will be treated as if such fractional
       shares had been issued in the merger and then redeemed by XCare.net.
       
Healthcare.com stockholders will recognize gain or loss with respect to
       such cash

       payment, measured by the difference, if any, between the amount of cash
       received and their tax basis in such fractional shares; and

     - XCare.net, Orbit Acquisition Corp. and Healthcare.com will not recognize
       gain or loss solely as a result of the merger.

     
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, Healthcare.com
stockholders could recognize gain to the extent that shares of XCare.net common
stock are considered to be received in exchange for services or property, other
than solely for Healthcare.com common stock.
All or a portion of such gain may
be taxable as ordinary income.
Gain may also have to be recognized to the extent
that Healthcare.com stockholders are treated as receiving, directly or
indirectly, consideration other than XCare.net common stock in exchange for
their Healthcare.com common stock.

     
Neither XCare.net nor Healthcare.com will request a ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service in connection with the merger.
The tax opinions do not
bind the Internal Revenue Service and do not prevent the Internal Revenue
Service from successfully asserting a contrary opinion.

     
If the Internal Revenue Service successfully challenges the status of the
merger as a reorganization, Healthcare.com stockholders would recognize taxable
gain or loss with respect to each share of Healthcare.com common stock
surrendered equal to the difference between their basis in such share and the
fair market value, as of the completion of the merger, of the XCare.net common
stock received in exchange therefor.
In such event, each Healthcare.com
stockholder's aggregate basis in the XCare.net common stock so received would
equal its fair market value as of the effective time of the merger, and their
holding period for such stock would begin the day after the merger.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF HEALTHCARE.COM COMMON STOCK

     Upon completion of the merger, the shares of Healthcare.com common stock
will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


LISTING OF XCARE.NET COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER

     It is a condition to the merger that the XCare.net common stock to be
issued and reserved in connection with the merger shall have been authorized for
trading on the Nasdaq National Market upon official notice of issuance.


REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

     Currently, XCare.net and Healthcare.com are not required to make any
filings under any state, federal or international antitrust laws.
However, if
XCare.net and Healthcare.com are required to make any filings under these laws,
XCare.net and Healthcare.com will file as promptly as practicable forms required
by the merger notification or control laws and regulations of any applicable
jurisdiction.
XCare.net and Healthcare.com agreed to supply each other with any
information required to effect these filings and to supply any additional
information that may be required by the relevant authorities.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     Healthcare.com is incorporated under Georgia law.
Under Article 13,
Sections 14-2-1301 through 14-2-1332 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code,
or GBCC, holders of Healthcare.com's Series B preferred stock who desire to
object to the merger and to receive the fair value of their Healthcare.com stock
in cash, referred to as "dissenting stockholders," may do so by complying with
the provisions of Georgia law pertaining to the exercise of dissenters' rights.

     
THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS NOT A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE LAW PERTAINING
TO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS UNDER THE GBCC AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF ARTICLE 13 OF THE GBCC, A COPY OF WHICH IS
ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

     
This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes notice to holders of
Healthcare.com Series B preferred stock (for purposes of this discussion,
"Stockholders" or "Holders") of the applicable statutory provisions of Article
13 of the GBCC.
Any Stockholders who wishes to assert his or her dissenters'
rights or who wishes to preserve his or her right to do so should review the
following discussion and Annex B carefully.
If these stockholders fail to comply
timely and properly with the procedures specified they will lose dissenters'
rights under Georgia law.

     
A holder of Series B preferred stock is entitled to dissent and obtain
payment in cash for the fair value of his or her shares.
For purposes of Article
13 of the GBCC, the term "fair value" means the value of the dissenting shares
immediately before the consummation of the merger, excluding any appreciation or
depreciation in anticipation of the merger.
Each dissenting stockholder must:

     - deliver to Healthcare.com, prior to the Healthcare.com special meeting,
       written notice of his or her intent to demand payment of the fair value
       of his or her shares of Series B preferred stock if the merger is
       effectuated; and

     - not vote his or her dissenting shares in favor of the merger proposal.


A stockholder who does not satisfy both of these requirements is not entitled to
payment for his or her shares under Georgia law.
In addition, any stockholder
who returns a signed proxy but fails to provide instructions as to the manner in
which the shares are to be voted will be deemed to have voted in favor of the
transaction and will not be entitled to assert dissenters' rights.

     
If the merger agreement is adopted and approved by the Healthcare.com
stockholders, Healthcare.com is required to send a written dissenters' notice to
all dissenting stockholders no later than ten days after consummation of the
merger.
The dissenters' notice will provide where the payment demand must be
sent and where and when stock certificates for dissenting shares must be
deposited.
The dissenters' notice will also set a date by which Healthcare.com
must receive the payment demand, which date may not be fewer than 30 nor more
than 60 days after the date the dissenters' notice is delivered.

     
Each dissenting stockholder to whom Healthcare.com sends a dissenters'
notice must make a first payment demand for his or her shares by written notice
to Healthcare.com and deposit his or her stock certificates in accordance with
the terms of the dissenters' notice.
Upon completion of the merger, the rights
of a dissenting stockholder are limited to the rights to receive the fair value
of his or her shares.
Any dissenting stockholder who does not submit a first
payment demand or deposit his or her shares as set forth in the dissenters'
notice will lose his or her rights to dissent and shall not be entitled to
payment for his or her shares under Article 13 of the GBCC.

     
Within ten days of the later of the closing of the merger or
Healthcare.com's receipt of the first payment demand, Healthcare.com will offer
to pay the dissenting stockholders who have complied with the provisions of
Article 13 of the GBCC the amount Healthcare.com estimates to be the fair value
of the shares, plus accrued interest.
Healthcare.com's offer of payment must be
accompanied by:

     - recent Healthcare.com financial statements;

     - a statement of Healthcare.com's estimate of the fair value of the shares;

     - an explanation of how the interest was calculated;

     - a statement of the dissenting stockholder's right to demand payment of a
       different amount if the dissenting stockholder is dissatisfied with the
       offer; and

     - a copy of Article 13 of the GBCC.

     
If a dissenting stockholder accepts Healthcare.com's offer by providing
written notice to Healthcare.com within 30 days after the date the offer is
made, or if the dissenting stockholder is deemed to have accepted such offer by
failure to respond within such 30-day period, Healthcare.com shall make payment
for the dissenting stockholder's shares within 60 days after the later of the
date Healthcare.com made the offer of payment or the date on which the merger
occurs.

     
If the merger is not effected within 60 days after the first payment demand
and the deposit of stock certificates, Healthcare.com must return the deposited
stock certificates and release the transfer restrictions imposed on
uncertificated shares.
If, after the return and release, the merger is
effectuated, Healthcare.com must send a new dissenters' notice and repeat the
payment demand procedure described above.

     
If a dissenting stockholder is dissatisfied with Healthcare.com's offer of
payment or the merger does not occur and Healthcare.com does not return the
deposited certificates within 60 days after the date set for making the first
payment demand, he or she may make a second payment demand to Healthcare.com in
writing of his or her own estimate of the fair value of his or her shares and
the amount of interest due.
A dissenting stockholder waives his or her right to
demand payment of a different amount than that offered by Healthcare.com and is
deemed to have accepted the amount offered by Healthcare.com unless the
dissenting stockholder makes a second payment demand within 30 days after the
date Healthcare.com makes its offer.

     
In the event a dissenting stockholder's second payment demand remains
unsettled 60 days after Healthcare.com receives such second payment demand,
Healthcare.com will commence a nonjury equitable appraisal proceeding in the
Superior Court of Fulton County, Georgia to determine the fair value of the
shares and accrued interest.
Healthcare.com will make all dissenting
stockholders whose second payment demands remain unsettled parties to the
appraisal proceeding.
In the appraisal proceeding, the court will fix a value of
the shares and may appoint one or more appraisers to receive evidence and
recommend a decision on the question of fair value.
If Healthcare.com does not
commence the appraisal proceeding within 60 days after receiving a dissenting
stockholder's second payment demand, Healthcare.com shall pay each dissenting
stockholder whose second payment demand remains unsettled the amount demanded by
each dissenting stockholder in his or her second payment demand.

     
Any dissenting stockholder who has duly asserted dissenters' rights in
compliance with Article 13 of the GBCC will not, after the consummation of the
merger, be entitled to vote such shares for any purpose or be entitled to the
payment of dividends or other distributions on those shares.

     
If any stockholder who properly asserts dissenters' rights under Article 13
of the GBCC fails to perfect such rights, or effectively withdraws such
assertion or loses such rights, as provided in Article 13 of the GBCC, the
dissenting shares of such stockholder will be converted into the right to
receive the consideration receivable with respect to such dissenting shares in
accordance with the merger agreement.

     
This description of dissenters' rights only applies to holders of
Healthcare.com's Series B preferred stock.
Under the GBCC, the holders of
Healthcare.com common stock are not entitled to dissenters' or appraisal rights
in connection with the merger because Healthcare.com and XCare.net are publicly
traded companies.
In addition, holders of XCare.net common stock will not be
entitled to dissenters or appraisal rights in connection with the merger.


RESTRICTIONS ON SALES OF SHARES BY AFFILIATES OF HEALTHCARE.COM AND XCARE.NET

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of the
XCare.net common stock received in the merger, and no person is authorized to
make any use of this joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any
such resale.

     
The shares of XCare.net common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of XCare.net common
stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of either
XCare.net or Healthcare.com.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control of either XCare.net or Healthcare.com and may include

some of their respective officers and directors, as well as principal
stockholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares of XCare.net common stock
acquired in connection with the merger except pursuant to:

     - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
       resale of those shares;

     - an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

     - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

     
In addition, various stockholders of Healthcare.com have entered into
affiliate agreements that restrict their ability to transfer the shares of
XCare.net common stock that they receive in the merger.

OPERATIONS AFTER THE MERGER

     Following the merger, Healthcare.com will continue its operations as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of XCare.net.
XCare.net's board of directors will
consist of nine persons, including six of XCare.net's current directors and
three of Healthcare.com's current directors nominated by Healthcare.com and
reasonably acceptable to XCare.net.
The stockholders of Healthcare.com will
become stockholders of XCare.net, and their rights as stockholders will be
governed by XCare.net's certificate of incorporation, XCare.net's bylaws and the
laws of the State of Delaware.
See "Comparison of Rights of Stockholders of
Healthcare.com and XCare.net" beginning on page 103.


INTERESTS OF HEALTHCARE.COM DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the recommendation of the Healthcare.com board of directors
with respect to the approval and adoption of the merger agreement,
Healthcare.com stockholders should be aware that members of the management of
Healthcare.com and Healthcare.com's board of directors have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of Healthcare.com
stockholders.
Healthcare.com's board of directors was aware of these interests
and considered the following matters, among others, in adopting and approving
the merger agreement.

     
Assumption and Acceleration of Stock Options

     Pursuant to the merger agreement, XCare.net will assume each outstanding
stock option under Healthcare.com's Restated Stock Option Plan, Non-Qualified
Stock Option Plan and Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option
Plan.
Under the terms of Healthcare.com's stock option plans, each outstanding
option will become fully vested and immediately exercisable upon the completion
of the merger.
Prior to approving the merger agreement, Healthcare.com's board
of directors adopted amendments to Healthcare.com's Restated Stock Option Plan
and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan to provide for acceleration of the vesting
of stock options issued under these plans in the event of an acquisition or
merger of Healthcare.com.
As a result of these amendments, the vesting of each
outstanding stock option under these plans will accelerate upon completion of
the merger.
The Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan was
not amended as it already provides for acceleration of vesting upon completion
of the merger.

     
As of May 31, 2001, Healthcare.com's officers and directors held options to
purchase a total of 1,988,624 shares of Healthcare.com common stock at a
weighted average exercise price of $2.54 per share, of which options to purchase
1,211,070 shares were unvested.

     
Information regarding the acceleration of options held by Healthcare.com's
executive officers and directors which will occur as a result of the merger is
set forth below:

                                                                                         OPTION
                                                                                       SHARES TO     WEIGHTED
                                                                                       ACCELERATE    AVERAGE
                                                                                          UPON       EXERCISE
                NAME                            POSITION WITH HEALTHCARE.COM             MERGER       PRICE
                ----                            
----------------------------           ----------    
--------

Parker H. Petit......................    Chairman                                         15,499      $2.11
Robert I. Murrie.....................    President, Chief Executive Officer and
                                         Director                                        284,749       3.18
Michael T. McGuire...................    
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating
                                         Officer                                         163,332       2.70
Joseph A. Blankenship................    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                         Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary      156,666       2.35
Deborah L. Dean......................    
Senior Vice President, e-Business                99,998       2.51
Shannon B. Hodges....................    Senior Vice President, Marketing                 74,999       3.07
Leslie R. Jones......................    
Senior Vice President and General Counsel       100,000       2.95
Lisa M. Maguire......................    
Vice President, Controller, Chief
                                         Accounting Officer, Assistant Treasurer
                                           and Assistant Secretary                        63,333       2.05
Joseph G. Bleser.....................    
Director                                        169,999       1.28
William J. Gresham, Jr...............    
Director                                         15,499       2.11
Charles R. Hatcher, Jr., M.D.........    
Director                                         15,499       2.11
John W. Lawless......................    
Director                                         20,499       2.08
Carl E. Sanders......................    
Director                                         15,499       2.11
Donald W. Weber......................    
Director                                         15,499       2.11

     Employment Agreement with Robert Murrie

     Concurrent with the execution of the merger agreement and effective upon
completion of the merger, Robert Murrie, president and chief executive officer
of Healthcare.com, entered into an employment agreement with Healthcare.com.

Pursuant to the agreement, effective upon completion of the merger Mr. Murrie
will be employed as president and chief operating officer of XCare.net for a
period of three years.

     
Mr. Murrie's employment agreement contains provisions requiring Mr. Murrie
to protect the confidentiality of Healthcare.com's confidential and proprietary
information.
In addition, the agreement imposes a noncompetition and
nonsolicitation obligation on Mr. Murrie for a period of two years following the
termination of his employment.

     
Severance and Restrictive Covenant Agreements with Executive Officers and
Key Employees

     In connection with the merger, all of Healthcare.com's executive officers
and several other key employees entered into severance compensation and
restrictive covenant agreements with Healthcare.com.
Pursuant to these
agreements, these officers and employees will be entitled to receive severance
and other benefits in the event that the officer or employee resigns for good
reason or is terminated following the completion of the merger, other than as a
result of death, disability, retirement, termination by Healthcare.com for
cause.
The amount payable to each officer will be equal to his or her annual
base salary plus an amount based on the percentage of salary set as the
available target bonus during the year preceding the merger.
These agreements
contain provisions requiring each officer and employee to protect the
confidentiality of Healthcare.com's confidential and proprietary information.
In
addition, the agreement imposes a noncompetition and nonsolicitation obligation
on these officers for a period of one year following the termination of their
employment.

     
Board Seats.
In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, three
members of Healthcare.com's board of directors, reasonably acceptable to
XCare.net, will be appointed to XCare.net's

board of directors.
It is expected that Robert Murrie will join XCare.net's
board of directors.
The other two board members have not been determined.

     
Indemnification.
Under the merger agreement, the surviving corporation will
honor Healthcare.com's obligations under indemnification agreements with its
directors and officers in effect before the completion of the merger.
In
connection with the merger, Healthcare.com entered into indemnification
agreements with its directors and officers that provide specific contractual
assurance that indemnification protection provided under Healthcare.com's bylaws
will be available to each officer and director regardless of any amendment or
revocation of Healthcare.com's bylaws or articles of incorporation.
In addition,
XCare.net has agreed that the indemnification provisions in the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation will be at least as
favorable as Healthcare.com's current provisions and will be maintained for
three years from the completion of the merger.
Healthcare.com's current bylaws
and articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of and the advancement
of expenses to its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or
permitted by Georgia law.

     
Insurance.
The merger agreement provides that XCare.net will, for a period
of six years after the effective time of the merger, cause the surviving
corporation to use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in effect the
directors' and officers' liability insurance policies covering those persons who
are currently covered by Healthcare.com's directors' and officers' liability
insurance policy on terms comparable to the then current directors and officers
of XCare.net.
XCare.net will not be required to expend more than $100,000 in an
annual premium for that amount of coverage.
If equivalent insurance coverage is
not obtainable for that annual premium, XCare.net will provide coverage
available for $100,000 in an annual premium.

     
As a result of these interests, the directors and officers of
Healthcare.com could be more likely to vote to adopt the merger agreement than
if they did not hold these interests.
Healthcare.com's stockholders should
consider whether these interests may have influenced these directors and
officers to support or recommend the merger agreement.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following summary of the material terms of the merger agreement is
subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the complete text of the merger
agreement.
A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus by reference.
You should read the full text of the merger agreement,
because it, and not this joint proxy statement/prospectus, is the legal document
that governs the merger.
In the event of any discrepancy between the terms of
the merger agreement and the following summary, the merger agreement will
control.


THE MERGER

     Following the approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the
stockholders of Healthcare.com and the approval of the issuance of shares of
XCare.net common stock by the stockholders of XCare.net and the satisfaction or
waiver of the other conditions to the merger, Healthcare.com will merge with
Orbit Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of XCare.net.
As a result,
Orbit Acquisition Corp. will cease to exist as a separate corporate entity, and
Healthcare.com will continue as the surviving corporation and retain its name as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of XCare.net.
The merger will be effective when the
certificate of merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Georgia.

     
Each share of Healthcare.com common stock issued and outstanding
immediately before the merger, will be cancelled and automatically converted
into the right to receive 0.375 of a share of XCare.net common stock upon
surrender of the certificate representing shares of Healthcare.com common stock.

Each share of Healthcare.com Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding
immediately before the merger will be canceled and automatically converted into
the right to receive such number of shares of XCare.net common stock equal to
the product of 0.375 by the number of shares of Healthcare.com common stock that
such shares of Series B preferred stock are convertible into immediately before
the merger, upon surrender of the certificate representing such shares of Series
B preferred stock.

     
No certificates representing fractional shares of XCare.net common stock
will be issued upon the surrender of Healthcare.com common stock certificates.

Each holder of a Healthcare.com common share certificate, at the time of merger,
who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of XCare.net
common stock will receive cash.
The amount of cash paid in lieu of fractional
shares will be the fraction of a share of XCare.net common stock that would be
otherwise issued multiplied by the average closing price per share of XCare.net
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the five trading days prior to
the merger.

     
The merger agreement provides that the articles of incorporation of Orbit
Acquisition Corp. will be the articles of incorporation of the surviving
corporation and that the bylaws of Orbit Acquisition Corp. will be the bylaws of
the surviving corporation.

     
The merger agreement provides that prior to or at the time the certificate
of merger is filed, XCare.net will take action to cause the number of directors
on its board of directors to be nine persons, including three of
Healthcare.com's current directors nominated by Healthcare.com and reasonably
acceptable to XCare.net.


EFFECTIVE TIME AND CLOSING OF THE MERGER

     As soon as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement, the parties shall file a certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia and such other
filings as are required by the Georgia Business Corporation Code.
The merger
will be effective when the certificate of merger is filed.
We expect to complete
the merger as soon as practicable after                , 2001, the date
scheduled for the special meeting.


PROCEDURE TO EXCHANGE CERTIFICATES

     XCare.net will select an institution reasonably satisfactory to
Healthcare.com to act as the exchange agent.
The exchange agent will mail
letters of transmittal and instructions regarding the exchange process to each
record holder of shares of Healthcare.com common stock and Series B preferred
stock as soon as practicable following the merger.
Upon surrender of
Healthcare.com common stock and Series B preferred stock certificates, together
with the duly executed letter of transmittal, the holders of such certificates
will receive cash payments for fractional shares and certificates representing
XCare.net common stock.
Once the holders of certificates previously representing
Healthcare.com common stock and Series B preferred stock surrender these
certificates, they will receive any dividends or other distributions on the
XCare.net common stock that have a record date after the merger.
However,
XCare.net will not pay any dividends until the holder of the Healthcare.com
stock certificate surrenders that certificate.
No interest will accrue or be
paid on any unpaid dividends or distributions.

     
No certificates representing fractional shares of XCare.net common stock
will be issued upon the surrender of Healthcare.com common stock and Series B
preferred stock certificates.
At the time of the merger, each holder of a
Healthcare.com common stock or Series B preferred stock certificate who would
otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of XCare.net common stock
will receive cash.
The amount of cash paid in lieu of fractional shares will be
the fraction of a share of XCare.net common stock that would be otherwise
issued, multiplied by the average closing price per share of XCare.net common
stock on the Nasdaq National Market on five trading days preceding the last full
trading day prior to the merger.
The exchange agent will pay this amount without
interest.

     
Neither XCare.net, the surviving corporation nor the exchange agent will be
liable to you for any amount properly delivered to a public official under
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

     
The exchange agent will deliver XCare.net common stock, any cash in lieu of
fractional shares and any unpaid dividends or distribution with respect to
XCare.net common stock in exchange for lost, stolen, or destroyed certificates
if the record holder of such Healthcare.com common stock or Series B preferred
stock certificate signs an affidavit of loss, theft or destruction.
XCare.net
may also, in its discretion, require the holder of a lost, stolen or destroyed
certificate to deliver a bond in reasonable sum as indemnity against any claim
that might be made against XCare.net regarding the alleged lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate.


STOCK OPTIONS AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

     Upon the completion of the merger, each then outstanding option to purchase
shares of Healthcare.com common stock will be assumed by XCare.net.
Each
Healthcare.com option assumed by XCare.net will continue to have the same terms
and conditions, except that (a) each Healthcare.com option will be exercisable
for that number of whole shares of XCare.net common stock equal to the product
of the number of shares of Healthcare.com common stock that were issuable upon
exercise of such Healthcare.com option immediately prior to the merger
multiplied by 0.375, rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of
XCare.net common stock and (b) the per share exercise price for the shares of
XCare.net common stock issuable upon exercise of such assumed Healthcare.com
option will be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the exercise price
per share of Healthcare.com common stock at which such Healthcare.com option was
exercisable immediately prior to the merger by 0.375, rounded up to the nearest
whole cent.

     
In the event of a dissolution, liquidation, merger, combination, share
exchange or other event which would cause the termination of the Healthcare.com
options prior to the time such options would otherwise terminate, XCare.net has
agreed to treat those outstanding options in the same manner as outstanding
XCare.net options.

     
Pursuant to the merger agreement, outstanding purchase rights under
Healthcare.com's Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, will be assumed by
XCare.net.
Each assumed purchase right will continue to have the same terms and
conditions, except that the purchase price for such assumed purchase rights will
be the lower of (a) the quotient determined by dividing 85% of the fair market
value of

Healthcare.com's common stock on the offering date of each assumed offering
period by 0.375 or (b) 85% of the fair market value of XCare.net's common stock
on each purchase date of each assumed offering period occurring after the
completion of the merger.
The ESPP will terminate with the end of the purchase
period.

     
Employees of Healthcare.com offered employment by XCare.net will be
provided with benefits that are, in the aggregate, equivalent to or greater than
the benefits currently provided by Healthcare.com. XCare.net or the surviving
corporation may use different providers or the existing benefit plans, however,
XCare.net has agreed to keep Healthcare.com's 401(K) plan in effect through
December 31, 2001.

     
For the purposes of welfare or other fringe benefits, XCare.net or the
surviving corporation, as applicable, will waive all limitations regarding
pre-existing condition exclusions, actively at work exclusions and waiting
periods for those Healthcare.com employees offered employment by XCare.net.

During the calendar year in which the merger is completed, all healthcare
expenses incurred by such employees that were qualified to be taken into account
for purposes of satisfying any deductible or out-of-pocket limit under
Healthcare.com's healthcare plans will be taken into account for purposes of
satisfying any deductible or out-of-pocket limit under XCare.net's or the
surviving corporation's, as applicable, healthcare plans for such calendar year.

XCare.net or the surviving corporation, as applicable, will give all those
employees offered employment by XCare.net full credit for vacation, sick leave
or comp time benefits accrued and not used as of the merger.

     
Subject to any limitations under the Securities Act, XCare.net will file a
registration statement on Form S-8 for the shares of XCare.net common stock
issuable upon the exercise of assumed options to purchase XCare.net common stock
which were previously options to purchase Healthcare.com common stock.
XCare.net
will file this registration statement as soon as is reasonably practicable after
the merger.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     XCare.net and Healthcare.com each made a number of representations and
warranties in the merger agreement regarding aspects of their respective
businesses, financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the
merger.

     
Healthcare.com's representations and warranties

     The representations and warranties given by Healthcare.com as they relate
to Healthcare.com include, among others:

     - capitalization;

     - filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - financial statements;

     - taxes;

     - intellectual property owned or used by Healthcare.com;

     - compliance with applicable laws; and

     - material contracts, agreements and commitments.

     
The representations and warranties of Healthcare.com expire at the
effective time of the merger.

     
XCare.net's representations and warranties

     The representations and warranties given by XCare.net and Orbit Acquisition
Corp. as they relate to each of them and XCare.net's subsidiaries include, among
others:

     - capitalization;

     - filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - financial statements;

     - compliance with applicable laws;

     - taxes; and

     - intellectual property owned or used by XCare.net.

     
The representations and warranties of XCare.net expire at the effective
time of the merger.

     
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized.
You are urged to carefully read the articles of the
merger agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company" starting
on page 7 of the merger agreement and "Representations and Warranties of Parent
and Merger Sub" starting on page 21 of the merger agreement.


COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF HEALTHCARE.COM AND XCARE.NET

     Healthcare.com has agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the
merger or the termination of the merger agreement, it will carry on its business
in the usual and ordinary course and will not take any of the specific
extraordinary actions described in the merger agreement unless XCare.net
consents in writing.
For example, Healthcare.com may not, without XCare.net's
consent:

     - accelerate, reprice or amend any stock options or restricted stock
       grants;

     - enter into any material partnership arrangements, joint development
       agreements or strategic alliances other than in the ordinary course of
       business consistent with past practice;

     - issue any shares of capital stock other than pursuant to the exercise of
       stock options or to participants in its ESPP;

     - sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any material assets or properties
       except sales of inventory in the ordinary course;

     - incur any debt other than the financing of ordinary course trade payables
       or pursuant to existing credit facilities in the ordinary course; or

     - make any individual or series of related payments outside of the ordinary
       course of business in excess of $300,000.

     
Similarly, XCare.net has agreed that, until the earlier of the completion
of the merger agreement or the termination of the merger agreement, that it it
will not, among other things, without Healthcare.com's consent:

     - pay any dividends on its stock or repurchase any shares of its stock
       (except repurchases of unvested shares from employees upon termination);

     - adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
       consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;

     - engage in any action that could reasonably be expected to cause the
       merger to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of
       the Internal Revenue Code; or

     - acquire (or agree to acquire) by merger or otherwise, any business for
       total consideration of more than $20,000,000.


ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     Stockholder Meeting.
Healthcare.com has agreed to call a stockholders
meeting for the purpose of considering the adoption and approval of the merger
agreement, and XCare.net has agreed to call a stockholders meeting for the
purpose of considering the issuance of shares of XCare.net common stock in
connection with the merger, as promptly as practicable after the execution of
the merger agreement and have agreed to use all reasonable efforts to hold their
stockholder meetings on the same day.


Healthcare.com's board of directors may not withdraw, amend or modify its
recommendation that Healthcare.com's stockholders vote in favor of adopting and
approving the merger agreement.
XCare.net's board of directors may not withdraw,
amend or modify its recommendation in favor of issuing shares of XCare.net
common stock in connection with the merger.
However, Healthcare.com's board of
directors may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation in favor of
adoption and approval of the merger agreement if (i) Healthcare.com receives a
superior offer in the form of an unsolicited bona fide written offer from a
third party to be acquired, merge with another entity or sell a certain portion
of its assets, (ii) neither Healthcare.com nor any of its representatives has
violated any of the restrictions described in the paragraph above and (iii) the
board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
counsel, that in light of the superior offer, the withholding, withdrawal,
amendment or modification of such recommendation is required in order for the
board of directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations to its stockholders
under applicable law.
Healthcare.com is obligated to hold its stockholders
meeting regardless of whether the recommendation of the board of directors has
been withdrawn, amended or modified.

     
No Solicitation.
Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is
terminated, Healthcare.com has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to
directly or indirectly take any of the following actions:

     - solicit, initiate, encourage or induce the making, submission or
       announcement of any acquisition proposal;

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to
       any person any information with respect to, or take any other action to
       facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes
       or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any acquisition proposal;

     - engage in discussions with any person with respect to any acquisition
       proposal;

     - subject to the certain limited exception of a superior offer discussed
       above, approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal; or

     - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
       agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any
       acquisition transaction.

     
For purposes of the foregoing, any action by any officer or director of
Healthcare.com or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
representative of Healthcare.com is deemed to be an act of Healthcare.com.

     
Healthcare.com has further agreed to cease, as of May 14, 2001, any and all
existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted
prior to that date with respect to any acquisition proposal.

     
An acquisition proposal is any offer or proposal relating to any
acquisition transaction, other than an offer or proposal from XCare.net.

     
Until the merger agreement is approved by the required vote of
Healthcare.com's stockholders, Healthcare.com is allowed, in response to a
superior offer, to furnish nonpublic information regarding Healthcare.com to,
enter into a confidentiality agreement with or enter into discussions with, any
person or group in response to a superior offer submitted by such person or
group if all of the following conditions are met:

     - neither Healthcare.com nor any of its representatives has violated the
       restrictions regarding nonsolicitation described above;

     - Healthcare.com's board of directors concludes in good faith, after
       consultation with its outside legal counsel, that such action is required
       for the board of directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations to
       Healthcare.com's stockholders;

     - at least 48 hours prior to furnishing any nonpublic information to, or
       entering into discussions or negotiations with, such person or group,
       Healthcare.com gives XCare.net written notice of the identity of such
       person or group and of Healthcare.com's intention to furnish nonpublic
       information to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with, such
       person or group and Healthcare.com receives from such person or group an
       executed confidentiality agreement containing customary limitations on
       the use and disclosure of all nonpublic written and oral information
       furnished to such person or group by or on behalf of Healthcare.com and
       containing terms no less favorable to the disclosing party than the terms
       of the confidentiality agreement by and between Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net; and

     - contemporaneously with furnishing any nonpublic information,
       Healthcare.com furnishes the nonpublic information to XCare.net, to the
       extent the nonpublic information has not been previously furnished by
       Healthcare.com to XCare.net.

     
Healthcare.com has agreed to provide XCare.net with at least 24 hours prior
notice, or such lesser prior notice as provided to the members of
Healthcare.com's board of directors (but in no event less than eight hours), of
any meeting of Healthcare.com's board of directors at which a superior offer is
reasonably expected to be up for consideration and 48 hours prior written notice
of any meeting of Healthcare.com's board of directors at which it is reasonably
expected to recommend a superior offer to its stockholders, together with the
definitive documentation relating to the superior offer.

     
In addition, as promptly as practicable, and in any event within 24 hours,
Healthcare.com has agreed to advise XCare.net orally and in writing of any
request received by Healthcare.com for nonpublic information which
Healthcare.com reasonably believes would lead to an acquisition proposal or of
any acquisition proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request,
acquisition proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person or group making
such request, acquisition proposal or inquiry.
Healthcare.com further agreed to
keep XCare.net informed in all material respects of the status and details,
including material amendments or proposed amendments, or any such request,
acquisition proposal or inquiry.

     
Public Disclosure.
Healthcare.com and XCare.net have agreed to consult with
each other and agree before issuing any press release or otherwise make any
public statement with respect to the merger, the merger agreement or an
acquisition proposal.
However, no such consultation or agreement will be
required if, prior to the date of such release or public statement, either party
withdraws, withholds, amends or modified its recommendation in favor of the
merger.

     
Reasonable Efforts.
XCare.net and Healthcare.com have each agreed to use
their commercially reasonable efforts to effect the merger and to fulfill and
cause to be fulfilled the closing conditions in the merger agreement.
Each party
has agreed to take all actions, and do all things, necessary or desirable to
effect the merger.

     
Nasdaq Listing.
XCare.net has agreed to authorize for listing on the Nasdaq
National Market the shares of XCare.net common stock issuable, and those
required to be reserved for issuance, in connection with the merger.

     
Regulatory Filings.
Currently, XCare.net and Healthcare.com are not
required to make any filings under any state, federal or international antitrust
laws.
However, if XCare.net and Healthcare.com are required to make any filings
under these laws, XCare.net and Healthcare.com will file as promptly as
practicable forms required by the merger notification or control laws and
regulations of any applicable jurisdiction.
XCare.net and Healthcare.com agreed
to supply each other with any information required to effect these filings and
to supply any additional information that may be required by the relevant
authorities.

     
Transition Team.
XCare.net and Healthcare.com have agreed to immediately
establish a team for the purpose of integrating the two entities.
The transition
team will consist of six members and may include outside consultants.
It is
contemplated that a retention bonus pool will be established and administered by
the transition team.
The transition team will remain in place for as long as
deemed necessary by XCare.net's board of directors.


CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE MERGER

     XCare.net, Orbit Acquisition Corp. and Healthcare.com are required to
complete the merger only if each of the following conditions is met:

     - Stockholder Approval.
The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
       of Healthcare.com common stock and Series B preferred stock have approved
       and adopted the merger agreement and a majority of the outstanding shares
       of XCare.net common stock have approved the issuance of shares of
       XCare.net common stock pursuant to the merger agreement.

     - Registration Statement.
The registration statement on Form S-4 of which
       this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part has been declared
       effective under the Securities Act.
No stop order suspending the
       effectiveness of the Form S-4 has been initiated or issued by the SEC and
       no similar proceedings with respect to this joint proxy
       statement/prospectus shall be pending or threatened in writing by the
       SEC.

     -
No Order; Hart-Scott-Rodino Act.
No governmental entity has enacted or
       issued any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction
       or other order which is in effect and has the effect of making the merger
       illegal or otherwise prohibiting it.
All waiting periods, if any,
       applicable to the consummation of the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Act have expired or terminated early.

     - Tax Opinions.
XCare.net has received a written opinion from its tax
       counsel to the effect that the merger will constitute a tax-free
       reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
       Revenue Code.
Healthcare.com has received a written opinion from its tax
       counsel to the effect that (i) the merger will constitute a tax-free
       reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
       Revenue Code, (ii) the holders of Healthcare.com's common stock will
       recognize no gain or loss on the exchange of their shares of such stock
       for shares of XCare.net's common stock, except for cash paid for
       fractional shares, (iii) the tax basis of the shares of XCare.net common
       stock received in the merger by a holder of Healthcare.com common stock
       will be the same as the tax basis of the Healthcare.com common stock and
       (iv) the holding period of the shares of XCare.net common stock received
       in the merger by a holder of Healthcare.com common stock will include the
       period during which such stockholder held such shares provided that the
       shares of Healthcare.com common stock are held as a capital asset at the
       time of the merger; provided, however, that if their respective tax
       counsel does not render the opinion, counsel to the other party may
       render the opinion.

     - Nasdaq Qualification.
The shares of XCare.net common stock issuable to
       Healthcare.com's stockholders and such other shares required to be
       reserved for issuance in connection with the merger will be authorized
       for trading on the Nasdaq National Market upon notice of issuance.

     
Additionally, the agreement obligates XCare.net and Orbit Acquisition
Corp., on the one hand, and Healthcare.com on the other hand, to complete the
merger only if, before the merger, the following additional conditions are
satisfied or waived:

     - Each of the representations and warranties of the other party in the
       merger agreement is true and correct in all material respects as of May
       14, 2001, and as of the consummation of the merger, except for failures
       to be true and correct that do not in the aggregate constitute a material
       adverse effect (with the exception of Healthcare.com representations and
       warranties relating to capitalization, obligations with respect to
       capital stock, approval of its board of directors and the vote required
       to approve the merger agreement and merger) and those representations and
       warranties made as of a particular date which must be true as of that
       date and do not constitute, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect.

     
- The other party has performed or complied in all material respects with
       all agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be
       performed or complied with prior to completion of the merger and the
       parties have received a certificate from the other with respect to the
       foregoing signed on behalf of the party by an authorized officer of the
       party.

     
In addition, XCare.net is not obligated to complete the merger unless at
least 75% of Healthcare.com's employees that were offered "at-will" employment
with XCare.net or the surviving corporation on terms substantially similar to
those currently provided to such employees have accepted such employment.


TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     Conditions to Termination. XCare.net and Healthcare.com may terminate the
merger agreement at any time prior to the merger, whether before or after the
adoption and approval of the merger agreement by Healthcare.com's stockholders
or approval of the issuance of XCare.net's common stock by XCare.net's
stockholders.
The merger agreement may be terminated:

     - by mutual written consent duly authorized by the boards of directors of
       XCare.net and Healthcare.com;

     - by XCare.net or Healthcare.com if the merger has not been effected on or
       prior to October 31, 2001; however, this right to terminate will not be
       available to any party whose action or failure to act was the principal
       cause of the failure of the merger to occur by this date and the action
       or failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger agreement;

     - by XCare.net or Healthcare.com if any governmental entity issues an
       order, decree or ruling or takes any action to permanently restrain,
       enjoin or prohibit the merger, and this order, decree or ruling is final
       and nonappealable;

     - by XCare.net or Healthcare.com if the required approvals of the either
       parties' stockholders are not obtained, however, this right to terminate
       is not available to any party where the failure to obtain stockholder
       approval of such party was caused by the action or failure to act of such
       party;

     - by either XCare.net or Healthcare.com upon a breach of any
       representation, warranty, covenant or agreement or if any representation
       or warranty on their respective part shall have become untrue, in either
       case such that in the aggregate it constitutes a material adverse effect
       or a material breach of an agreement or covenant in the merger agreement;
       provided that if the inaccuracy in the representation or warranty or
       breach is curable, the affected party may not terminate the merger
       agreement for 30 days after it delivered notice of the breach and may not
       terminate the merger agreement if the breach is cured during the 30-day
       period;

     - by XCare.net if (i) Healthcare.com's board of directors withdraws, amends
       or modifies its recommendation in favor of the merger in a manner adverse
       to XCare.net, (ii) Healthcare.com's board of directors fails to reaffirm
       its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger
       agreement within 10 business days after XCare.net requests in writing
       such reaffirmation at any time following the announcement of an
       acquisition proposal, (iii) Healthcare.com's board of directors approves
       or recommends any other acquisition, (iv) Healthcare.com enters into any
       letter of intent or contract or agreement accepting any other
       acquisition, (v) a tender or exchange offer relating to Healthcare.com's
       securities is commenced by a person unaffiliated with XCare.net and
       Healthcare.com does not, within ten business days, send to its
       stockholders a statement that it recommends rejection of such tender or
       exchange offer or (vi) Healthcare.com breaches the non-solicitation
       clause of the merger agreement; or

     - by Healthcare.com, if (i) Healthcare.com's board of directors approves or
       recommends any acquisition in response to a superior offer, (ii)
       Healthcare.com enters into a letter of intent or agreement or contract
       accepting any superior offer or (iii) a tender or exchange offer relating
       to Healthcare.com's securities has been commenced by a person
       unaffiliated with XCare.net which represents a superior offer.

     
Effect of Termination.
In the event of termination of the merger agreement
by either XCare.net or Healthcare.com, the merger agreement will become void;
provided, however, that (a) the general

provisions and the termination provisions will survive and (b) nothing will
relieve the parties from any liability for any willful breach of the merger
agreement.

     
Termination Fees.
Each party will pay its own costs and expenses associated
with the merger whether or not the merger is consummated.
In addition, XCare.net
and Healthcare.com will share equally all fees and expenses, other than
attorneys' and accountants' fees and expenses, incurred in relation to the
printing and filing relating to this Form S-4 and the joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
However, Healthcare.com has agreed to pay a termination
fee of $2,000,000 in cash to XCare.net in the event that the merger agreement is
terminated:

     - by XCare.net if (i) Healthcare.com's board of directors withdraws or
       amends or modifies its recommendation in favor of the merger in a manner
       adverse to XCare.net, (ii) Healthcare.com's board of directors fails to
       reaffirm its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the
       merger agreement within 10 business days after XCare.net requests in
       writing such reaffirmation at any time following the announcement of an
       acquisition proposal, (iii) Healthcare.com's board of directors approves
       or recommends any other acquisition, (iv) Healthcare.com enters into any
       letter of intent or contract or agreement accepting any other
       acquisition, (v) a tender or exchange offer relating to Healthcare.com's
       securities is commenced by a person unaffiliated with XCare.net and
       Healthcare.com does not, within ten business days, send to its
       stockholders a statement that it recommends rejection of such tender or
       exchange offer or (vi) Healthcare.com breaches the non-solicitation
       clause of the merger agreement; or

     - by XCare.net or Healthcare.com if the merger has not been effected on or
       prior to October 31, 2001 or if the required approvals of the
       stockholders of either party are not obtained and, at or prior to such
       termination, Healthcare.com had an acquisition proposal.

     
Such termination fee will not be due and payable by Healthcare.com until
the earlier of (i) 180 days after the signing of a definitive agreement in
connection with an acquisition transaction or (ii) the closing of an acquisition
transaction.

     
If XCare.net terminates the merger agreement because Healthcare.com
breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement or because any
representation or warranty becomes untrue, which in the aggregate constitutes a
material adverse effect or a material breach of an agreement or covenant in the
merger agreement, Healthcare.com agrees to reimburse XCare.net for its costs and
expenses in connection with the merger agreement.
In addition, if within 12
months of such termination of the merger agreement, Healthcare.com enters into a
definitive agreement with respect to any other acquisition, then concurrently
with the consummation of such other acquisition, Healthcare.com will pay
XCare.net cash equal to the amount by which $2,000,000 exceeds the amount of
costs and expenses previously reimbursed by Healthcare.com.

     XCare.net will reimburse Healthcare.com for its costs and expenses if (i)
Healthcare.com terminates the merger agreement because XCare.net breaches any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement or because any representation or
warranty becomes untrue, which in the aggregate constitutes a material adverse
effect or a material breach of an agreement or covenant in the merger agreement
or (ii) the merger agreement is terminated because the required approvals of the
stockholders of either party are not obtained.

     
If Healthcare.com terminates the merger agreement because (i) the merger
has not been effected on or prior to October 31, 2001 or (ii) the required
approvals of the stockholders of either party are not obtained, and, at or prior
to such termination there is any offer or proposal in connection with an
acquisition relating to XCare.net, and within 12 months of such termination
XCare.net enters into a definitive agreement in connection with such
acquisition, XCare.net will pay Healthcare.com a termination fee of $2,000,000
in cash.
In addition, if Healthcare.com terminates the merger agreement because
XCare.net breaches certain covenants, and, at or prior to such termination there
is any offer or proposal in connection with an acquisition relating to
XCare.net, and within 12 months of such termination XCare.net enters into a
definitive agreement in connection with such acquisition, XCare.net will pay
Healthcare.com a termination fee of $2,000,000 in cash.
In either case, the
termination fee will not be due and payable until the earlier of (i) 180 days
after the signing of a definitive agreement in connection with such acquisition
or (ii) the closing of such acquisition.

                        
AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes agreements
related to the merger agreement.
While we believe that these descriptions cover
the material terms of these agreements, these summaries may not contain all of
the information that is important to you.


XCARE.NET STOCKHOLDERS' VOTING AGREEMENTS

     XCare.net has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and
has obtained executed voting agreements from each of its officers, directors and
beneficial owners of 5% or more of the outstanding shares of XCare.net.
By
entering into the voting agreements with Healthcare.com, these XCare.net
stockholders have irrevocably appointed the directors of Healthcare.com as their
lawful attorneys and proxies.
These proxies give Healthcare.com the limited
right to vote the shares of XCare.net common stock beneficially owned by these
XCare.net stockholders, including shares of XCare.net common stock acquired
after the date of the voting agreements, in favor of any matter reasonably
expected to facilitate the share issuance, in favor of the issuance of shares of
XCare.net common stock pursuant to the merger and against any matter that could
reasonably be expected to prevent the merger.
These XCare.net stockholders may
vote their shares of XCare.net common stock on all other matters.

     
As of the record date, these individuals and entities collectively
beneficially owned 5,774,174 shares of XCare.net common stock, or approximately
35.1% of the outstanding XCare.net common stock, are subject to the voting
agreement.
None of the XCare.net stockholders who are parties to the voting
agreements were paid additional consideration in connection with this agreement.

     
Under the terms of these voting agreements, each of the XCare.net
stockholders listed above agrees not to transfer the XCare.net common stock and
options owned, controlled or acquired, either directly or indirectly, by himself
or herself until the earlier of the termination of the merger agreement or the
completion of the merger, unless the transfer is in accordance with the voting
agreement and each person to which any shares or any interest in any shares is
transferred agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the voting
agreement.
These voting agreements will terminate upon the earlier to occur of
the termination of the merger agreement or the completion of the merger.


HEALTHCARE.COM STOCKHOLDERS' VOTING AGREEMENTS

     Healthcare.com has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
and has obtained executed voting agreements from each of the directors, officers
and beneficial owners of 5% or more of the outstanding shares of Healthcare.com.

By entering into the voting agreements with XCare.net, these Healthcare.com
stockholders have irrevocably appointed the directors of XCare.net as their
lawful attorneys and proxies.
These proxies give XCare.net the limited right to
vote all of the shares of Healthcare.com common stock beneficially owned by
these Healthcare.com stockholders, including shares of Healthcare.com common
stock acquired after the date of the voting agreements, in favor of the merger
agreement, in favor of anything that could be reasonably expected to facilitate
the merger, against any other acquisition proposal and against any matter that
could reasonably be expected to facilitate any other acquisition proposal.
These
Healthcare.com stockholders may vote their shares of Healthcare.com common stock
on all other matters.

     
As of the record date, these individuals and entities collectively
beneficially owned 1,224,648 shares of Healthcare.com common stock, or
approximately 4.3% of the outstanding Healthcare.com common stock are subject to
the voting agreement.
None of the Healthcare.com stockholders who are parties to
the voting agreements were paid additional consideration in connection with this
agreement.

     
Under the terms of the voting agreements, each of the Healthcare.com
stockholders listed above agrees not to sell the Healthcare.com common stock and
options owned, controlled or acquired, either directly or indirectly, by himself
or herself until the earlier of the termination of the merger agreement or the
completion of the merger, unless the transfer is in accordance with the voting
agreement and each person to which any shares or any interest in any shares is
transferred agrees to be bound by the terms and

provisions of the voting agreement.
These voting agreements will terminate upon
the earlier to occur of the termination of the merger agreement, the withdrawal
of the recommendation by Healthcare.com's board of directors or the completion
of the merger.


AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS

     
In order to induce XCare.net to enter into the merger agreement, each of
the Healthcare.com affiliates has entered into an affiliate agreement at
XCare.net's request.
Pursuant to the terms of the affiliate agreements, each
affiliate has agreed not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any XCare.net
capital stock issued in the merger unless one of the following conditions is
met: (a) the sale, transfer or other disposition is made in conformity with the
requirements of Rule 145(d) under the Securities Act, (b) the sale, transfer or
other disposition is made pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act or an appropriate exemption from registration, (c) the
affiliate delivers to XCare.net a written opinion of counsel, reasonably
acceptable to XCare.net in form and substance, that such sale, transfer or other
disposition is otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities Act or
(d) an authorized representative of the SEC shall have rendered written advice
to the affiliate to the effect that the SEC would take no action, or that the
staff of the SEC would not recommend that the SEC take any action, with respect
to the proposed disposition if consummated.


ROBERT MURRIE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE COMPENSATION
AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENTS

     Descriptions of the Robert Murrie Employment Agreement and the Change in
Control Severance Compensation and Restrictive Covenant Agreements can be found
in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Interests of
Healthcare.com Directors and Officers in the Merger" beginning on page 54.

                             
BUSINESS OF XCARE.NET

OVERVIEW

     XCare.net is an electronic commerce service provider for healthcare
businesses.
We have developed an Internet-based technology platform, XTiera(TM),
using extensible mark-up language, or XML.
Using XTiera(TM), we design, develop
and host custom healthcare Web sites, known as portals, for payers, providers
and other healthcare industry participants.
Through these portals, we link
healthcare providers, payers and other industry participants into a community to
create an Internet exchange.
We use XTiera(TM) to deliver a broad range of
applications, services and electronic product offerings that streamline and
automate high-volume, data-intensive transactions and processes.
We process
transactions such as eligibility checking, claims status, referral processing
and physician credentialing and enrollment.
We also provide consulting services
to define, develop and implement Internet healthcare strategies as well as Web
site hosting, transaction processing, transaction support and maintenance
services for our customers.
XTiera(TM) is based on XML, in conjunction with the
Topic Navigation Mapping standard.
The enhanced integration and filtering
capabilities are designed to meet the demands of healthcare industry
participants.
We expect XML to be a predominant protocol for exchanging data for
electronic commerce in the future.
Topic Navigation Mapping provides a standard
format for indexing and structuring the XML formatted content.
We take advantage
of the benefits of both XML and Topic Navigation Mapping technologies to process
data trapped in usually incompatible legacy computer systems, allow for
automation of healthcare processes and integrate a wide variety of healthcare
data including audio, video and text.
We operate in two segments: development
and consulting services, and recurring services.
The development and consulting
services segment includes revenue generated from software engineering and
integration.
The recurring services segment includes revenue generated from
hosting services, maintenance services, transaction services, recurring license
fees and other services.


THE HEALTHCARE MARKET

     The U.S. Health Care Finance Administration estimates that healthcare
expenditures currently represent $1.3 trillion, or 13.1% of the U.S. economy,
and that these expenditures will increase to $2.6 trillion by 2010 due both to
rising healthcare costs and an aging population.
Healthcare claims, which
totaled approximately 4.4 billion in 1998, generally are processed through
antiquated computer systems via paper, fax or phone.
These systems can be
inefficient due to their inability to communicate with the systems of other
healthcare participants and lead to unnecessary and duplicative costs.
We
believe that providing new, Internet-based, business-to-business information
exchange and electronic commerce services that effectively address processing
inefficiencies is one of the significant market opportunities in healthcare
today.

     
Market Characteristics

     Market fragmentation.
The healthcare market is highly fragmented with wide
geographic dispersion, a large number of participants and significant
differences in technology infrastructure.

     
- Geographic fragmentation.
Because healthcare is delivered locally, there
       are hundreds of thousands of market participants in different locations.
       
For example, there are approximately 750 HMOs in the United States,
       830,000 active physicians and 6,000 hospitals.
Additionally, there are
       over 17,000 nursing homes, and 9,000 home health agencies.

     
- Technological fragmentation.
Information technology investment has not
       been coordinated among healthcare participants.
Current technology
       infrastructure in healthcare is characterized by numerous, incompatible
       and, in many cases, antiquated computer systems.
Consequently,
       communication of information generally takes place via paper, fax and
       telephone.

     
Complex processes.
Healthcare is delivered in a marketplace which has
become increasingly complex given the transition to managed care, the
data-intensive nature of healthcare transactions, the lack of

standard data formats, the complicated procurement process and the pervasiveness
of government regulation.

     
- Transition to managed care.
One of the most important changes in the U.S.
       healthcare system since the 1980s has been the shift away from
       fee-for-service indemnity plans to managed care organizations.
Currently,
       over 60% of the U.S. population is covered through some form of managed
       care.
As managed care has become more prevalent and the number of payers
       has increased, provider reimbursement and general administration have
       become increasingly burdensome.

     - Intensive data management.
Upkeep of healthcare data is largely a
       labor-intensive, paper-based and error-prone process in which data is
       manually collected, authenticated, edited, categorized and updated.
For
       example, eligibility and plan information, which is basic information
       about an individual and his or her dependents, is cumbersome to manage,
       given that the data must be constantly updated to reflect any changes
       affecting coverage status, such as marriage, child births and address
       changes.
However, this information is required at all points of
       healthcare delivery.

     - No standard data format or business rules.
Data formats vary considerably
       throughout the healthcare industry and typically are unique to each
       particular health plan or provider.
The data are stored in different
       formats and healthcare participants often rely on proprietary business
       rules for information such as plan coverage, eligibility and physician
       co-payments.

     
- Complexity of procurement, purchasing and payment processes.
There are
       numerous types of healthcare transactions due to the large number of both
       suppliers and buyers of care.
In addition, there are multiple payment
       mechanisms depending on who has assumed the healthcare coverage risk.
       
Payment mechanisms can range from fee-for-service to a fully insured
       healthcare maintenance organization, known as an HMO, and may be paid for
       by the individual, the individual's employer, the government, or a
       combination of all three.

     - Increasing government regulation.
Numerous federal, state and local laws
       and regulations govern the healthcare industry, which changes frequently
       depending on political and economic influences.
For example, the Health
       Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 has recently placed
       substantial new administrative requirements on many healthcare
       participants, including rules regarding compliance with industry
       standards, data formats, portability of insurance and data security.


SOLUTION

     We are an electronic commerce services provider for healthcare businesses.

Using XTiera(TM), we can customize Web-site portals to meet our customers' needs
in a flexible and cost-effective manner.
Through these customized portals, we
deliver applications, services and electronic commerce product offerings that
are designed to improve workflow efficiencies, reduce administrative costs and
create new revenue opportunities for our customers.
These custom portals
facilitate healthcare transactions such as eligibility checks, referrals,
authorizations, claims submissions and inquiry, or health plan enrollment.
Our
services include formulating and implementing Internet strategies for our
customers, administering back office operations and operating and hosting their
technology environments in our electronic commerce operations center.
XTiera(TM)
applications, services and product offerings are designed to enhance the
efficiency of the healthcare delivery and payment system.
Our approach to the
market is based on the following:

     Use of new standard for information exchange.
XTiera(TM) and associated
applications and services are based on XML.
We expect XML to be a predominant
protocol for exchanging multimedia data for information exchange and electronic
commerce on the Internet in the future.
XML provides a document structure that
allows complex data from multiple sources to be dynamically processed and
displayed to users in personalized ways.
We believe that these capabilities are
particularly applicable to the healthcare industry because XML can process data
trapped in pre-existing computer systems, allow for automation of healthcare
processes and integrate a wide array of healthcare data including audio, video
and text.

     
Ability to develop comprehensive customer strategies.
We have developed a
step by step approach to assist our customers in designing a healthcare Internet
strategy, creating a customized portal and hosting their Internet offerings and
transactions in a secure and reliable data operations infrastructure.
XCare.net
will leverage an accelerated development methodology to analyze, design and
implement web-based solutions for our customers.
We use our proprietary eHealth
Development Discipline(TM) methodology to develop the proposed eHealth solution.

In the analysis and design phase, XCare.net's team works side by side with
business, product and IT experts from our customers to develop the project
objectives, scope and requirements.
In the design stage, the use cases,
information inventory and navigation maps created during the analysis phase are
used to develop the prototype.
We use a prototyping approach to develop the
logical design for the Web application.
The implementation phase is carried out
in a phased approach.
First, the staging environment is established and the
customer is given access to conduct testing.
Once the application is accepted,
the application is moved to a production environment and is then accessible.
XTiera(TM) is designed to provide a comprehensive set of applications, services
and product offerings while preserving previous technology investments by
integrating diverse multimedia content, including data and information from
large, existing and usually incompatible computer systems.

     
Solution channels that provide value to other healthcare industry
participants.
We use XTiera(TM) as the central element for a network of business
relationships among healthcare industry participants who use our technology,
thus creating collaborative electronic communities for the exchange of
healthcare data, products and services.
We call these communities our Solution
channels, and use them to distribute our applications, services and product
offerings, in addition to our normal sales activities.
In addition, our Solution
channels are designed to provide a means for our customers, vendors,
distributors, co-marketers and others to offer their own related products and
services to each other, as well as to their own customers.
Solution channels
allow us to:

     - Create new revenue opportunities for others.
Customers and vendors can
       use our Solution channels as distribution channels for new and existing
       products and services that allow them to generate new sources of
       incremental revenue.
For example, we package our eXtensible CARE
       applications system with medical management and third party
       administration services provided by Employers Mutual, Inc. for
       distribution to members of the XCare.net community.

     - Identify new revenue opportunities for us.
Our customers can produce
       complementary applications or services that operate on XTiera(TM) and
       enhance the value of the specific applications, services and product
       offerings we have developed.
We can deliver these new applications and
       services to the XCare.net community through our Solution channels,
       generating additional revenue for us.
For example, we can license
       credentialing applications from one existing customer, and then resell
       these applications through our Solution channels to other community
       members.

     
- Establish growing communities connected through XTiera(TM).
Our customers
       can extend the scope and reach of XTiera(TM) by distributing our
       applications, services and product offerings to their customers.
By
       leveraging our customer base as channels for wider deployment of our
       solutions, we encourage increased usage of XTiera(TM) as well as extend
       the community to new users.


TECHNOLOGY

     XTiera(TM) is based on an XML-based infrastructure in conjunction with XML
Topic Map, or XTM, the Topic Navigation Mapping standard.
The enhanced
capabilities of XTiera(TM) are designed to meet the demands of healthcare
industry participants.
Unlike the current Internet standard, hypertext mark-up
language, or HTML, XML in combination with the Topic Navigation Mapping standard
allows a higher degree of flexibility for customized data exchange between
healthcare participants.
We expect XML to be a predominant protocol for
exchanging multimedia data for information exchange and electronic commerce in
the future.
Topic Navigation Mapping provides a standard format for indexing and
structuring the XML formatted content.
We call the resulting indices and
structures Topic Maps.
We take advantage of the benefits of both XML and Topic
Navigation Mapping technologies to process data previously trapped in

usually incompatible existing computer systems, allow for automation of
healthcare processes and integrate a wide variety of healthcare data including
data in audio, video and text form.

     
XML is a method of writing programming instructions which attaches
invisible labels describing the objects contained in the web page.
As a result,
for example, a number is not just a number.
A number on a Web page can also be
in a format specifying whether the number represents a price, an invoice, a date
or a zip code.
This makes it easier to extract information from a page to suit a
particular use, and/or increase the speed and accuracy of Internet searches.
It
also enables users to select information from different Web sites without having
to re-enter the same information repeatedly.
Topic Maps are Web-based software
tools used to organize information in a way that is optimized for navigation.

They address the problem of excess information and provide a tool to filter and
extract efficiently the kind of information, which is most relevant to the user.

     
We use a set of software applications, known as brokering components, to
find, integrate and present relevant, customized information to individual
users.

     
Context Broker.
The Context Broker or user management services acts as a
user's personal information manager and transaction assistant.
It stores
information about the user and learns personal preferences.
With each use, the
Context Broker further refines a user's personal preferences, and, as a result,
the user's experience with the Web site is continually tailored to his or her
particular needs based on current and past sessions.
As the user moves from one
transaction to another, the Context Broker also ensures that information is
carried through and remains consistent across multiple transactions.

     XTM Manager.
The XTM Manager uses Topic Navigation Mapping technology to
organize and index information and index information and to provide workflow
navigation.
The primary components of the XTM Manager are the DataFabric and
LogicFabric.

     DataFabric.
The DataFabric is a map formed by linking data and weighting
relationships.
This fabric filters out irrelevant information and allows for
more intelligent searching.

     
LogicFabric.
The LogicFabric is a map assembled by the rules and workflow
associated with the data relationships.
This fabric provides the order and
assembly instructions for the information.

     
Semantic Broker.
The Semantic Broker is responsible for interpreting a
user's request and finding the relevant information.
It does this by reading the
DataFabric and LogicFabric for interpretation, location and assembly
instructions.
It then dispatches the Service Broker to obtain the information
from any location throughout the Web.
The final integration of data may involve
multi-media content, transactions and associated rules and workflow.

     Service Broker.
The Service Broker or Transaction Switch is the gateway out
to the Internet, locating and collecting the information as specified by the
Semantic Broker.
The Service Broker then returns the information to the Context
Broker, which presents the relevant information in a manner customized to
individual users.

     
The technology components which comprise our platform are developed using
the Oracle 8i relational database management system, Enterprise JavaBeans
programming language and Object Store, a global object-oriented database
management system.
To support the ability of XTiera(TM) to enable and facilitate
electronic commerce, we have built and maintain an electronic commerce
operations center designed for high performance, scalability and stability using
Sun Microsystems, Inc.'s Solaris operating system.

     
Our platform architecture was designed for use in highly confidential,
healthcare computing environments where security is a high priority.
A Web
server authenticates the identity of the end-users to ensure only authorized
end-users have access to our Web applications.
Users are authenticated by valid
user identification and password, a security token or a digital certificate, or
a certificate authority.
We address data security using digital certificate
technology signed with private keys and verified with public keys.

     
Our facilities and operations use redundancy and back-up to minimize
exposure to systems failure.
Telecommunications and server infrastructures
support redundant processing and data back-up capabilities.
Our routine back-up
procedures are performed incrementally on a daily basis with a full system
back-up performed monthly.
In addition, we use RAID5 systems that provide
real-time back-up of data.
All back-ups are maintained in fireproof storage with
critical support information.
Technical and operations support staff are
available on a 24-hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week basis to assist with any
critical processing incidents or failures.

     XTiera(TM) provides our customers with the capability to scale their
applications, services, and product offerings as their business grows.
This
ability to scale can extend these solutions across multiple organizations in
diverse geographic settings supporting high volumes of users.
Our flexible
technology architecture can also accommodate high volumes of transactions and
dynamic customization for the multiple participants within the healthcare
marketplace.


CUSTOMERS

     In 2000, sales to HealthNet, Inc. accounted for 17% of revenue and sales to
Nursefinders, Inc. accounted for 10% of revenue.
In 1999, sales to Methodist
Care, Inc. accounted for 20% of revenue, sales to Expert Practice, Inc.
accounted for 12% of revenue, sales to American Medical Pathways, Inc. accounted
for 12% of revenue, and sales to Brokerage Services Incorporated accounted for
11% of revenue, and sales to Quest Diagnostics Incorporated accounted for 10% of
revenue.

APPLICATIONS, SERVICES AND PRODUCT OFFERINGS

     We provide a range of applications, services and product offerings that
support the management of healthcare data and facilitate healthcare business
connectivity, information exchange and electronic commerce among healthcare
industry participants.
Our applications, services and product offerings, which
may incorporate licensed components, are designed to enable our customers to
preserve investments in existing computer systems while integrating new
Internet-based products and services.

     
We are actively developing new applications, services and product
offerings, and from time to time, we license technology necessary for such
development.
Nonetheless, new applications, services and product offerings may
not be introduced as scheduled, and we may not be able to enter into needed
licensing arrangements in a timely manner or at all.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     At December 31, 2000, our development and engineering group consisted of 8
employees.
For the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, we incurred
$670,000, $575,000 and $2,952,000 in research and development expenses,
respectively.
We believe that timely development of new and enhanced
applications and technology is necessary to remain competitive in the
marketplace.
Accordingly, we intend to continue recruiting and hiring
experienced development personnel and to make investments in development and
engineering.


COMPETITION

     The emerging Internet-based healthcare market is undergoing rapid
technological change.
The ubiquitous reach of the Internet, coupled with the
availability and acceptability of new Internet-based technologies, has created
significant opportunities in healthcare for both traditional and new
Internet-based system vendors.
Potential competitors fall primarily into three
categories: healthcare Internet companies focused on providing connectivity and
transactions within business-to-business and business-to-consumer frameworks;
traditional healthcare information system vendors who seek to extend the
services of their core products using Internet-based technology; and traditional
managed care information system and outsourcing vendors who are focusing on
extending the services of their core products to the Internet.
In addition, from
time to time our customers may develop products and services competitive with
those offered by us.

     
We believe the principal competitive factors in the Internet-based
healthcare market are the:

     - ability of technology to integrate data from existing computer systems
       and other multimedia content;

     - timeliness and price of new applications, services and electronic
       commerce product offerings;

     - degree of customer service offered to purchasers of Internet healthcare
       solutions;

     - scope of industry knowledge and familiarity with needs of healthcare
       market participants; and

     - size and scope of a solution's user base.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     We seek to protect our software, documentation and other written materials
primarily through a combination of trade secret, trademark and copyright laws,
confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions.
For example, we license
rather than sell our software applications and require licensees to enter into
license agreements that impose certain restrictions on the licensees' ability to
use the software code.
In addition, we seek to avoid disclosure of our trade
secrets, by, among other things, requiring those persons with access to our
proprietary information to execute confidentiality agreements with us and
restricting access to our source code.

     
We have filed a patent application in the United States with respect to
certain aspects of our content brokering technology.
Despite our efforts to
protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects
of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary.

Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult.
While we are unable to
determine the extent to which piracy of our products exists, software piracy can
be expected to be a persistent problem, particularly in foreign countries where
the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United
States.


GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     Standards

     The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 mandates
the use of standard transactions, standard identifiers, security and other
provisions by the year 2002.
We designed XTiera(TM) and our applications,
services and product offerings to enable compliance with the proposed
regulations.
However, until such regulations become final, they could change,
which could require us to expend additional resources to comply with the revised
standards.
In addition, the success of our compliance efforts may depend on the
success of healthcare participants in dealing with the standards.

     
Confidentiality

     The confidentiality of patient records and the circumstances under which
such records may be released for inclusion in our databases are subject to
substantial regulation by state governments.
These state laws and regulations
govern both the disclosure and the use of confidential patient medical record
information.
Additional legislation governing the dissemination of medical
record information has been proposed at both the state and federal level.
This
legislation may require holders of such information to implement security
measures that may require us to make substantial expenditures.
Changes to state
or federal laws may materially restrict the ability of healthcare providers to
submit information from patient records using our applications.

     
We use an architecture that incorporates a secured socket layer encryption
which surpasses required security protection.
Additionally the use of firewalls
and other security schemes assure customers of a compliant and secure computing
environment.
Additionally, we use a formal, authority-based use of digital
certificates to assure the identity of electronic trading partners.
For support
of identification requirements we use an exchange of passwords and identities by
U.S. certified mail or telephonic identification.
If

unauthorized persons were to gain access to patient records notwithstanding our
efforts to maintain their security, this could result in our liability for these
security breaches and damage to our reputation.

     
Third Party Administration and Utilization Review Licensure and
     Registration

     Certain of the administrative services we provide health plans, payers and
providers, including our third-party administration and utilization review
operations, are regulated by the statutes and regulations of various states and
require that we obtain appropriate licensure or registration.

     
False Claims Act

     Under the federal False Claims Act, liability may be imposed on any
individual or entity who knowingly submits or participates in submitting claims
for payment to the federal government which are false or fraudulent, or which
contain false or misleading information.
Liability may also be imposed on any
individual or entity who knowingly makes or uses a false record or statement to
avoid an obligation to pay the federal government.
Various state laws impose
liability for similar acts.
Claims under the federal False Claims Act may be
brought by the federal government or private whistleblowers.
If we are found
liable for a violation of the federal False Claims Act, or any similar state
law, it may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties.
In addition, we
could be prohibited from processing Medicaid or Medicare claims for payment.

     
Prompt Payment Laws

     Various states have passed laws regarding the prompt payment of medical
claims by health plans.
If a claim is brought against us and we are found to
have violated a law regarding the prompt processing of claims for payment, we
may incur civil or other penalties.

     
Government Investigations

     There is increasing scrutiny by law enforcement authorities, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, the courts
and Congress of agreements between healthcare providers and suppliers or other
contractors which have a potential to increase utilization of government
healthcare resources.
In particular, scrutiny has been placed on the coding of
claims for payment and contracted billing arrangements.
Investigators have
demonstrated a willingness to look beyond the formalities of business
arrangements to determine the underlying purposes of payments between healthcare
participants.
Although, to our knowledge, neither we nor any of our customers is
the subject of any investigation, we do not know whether we or our customers
will be the target of governmental investigations in the future.


EMPLOYEES

     As of May 31, 2001, we had a total of 184 employees, of whom 119 are
engaged in professional services and customer support functions, 19 in the
electronic commerce operations center, 13 in sales and marketing, 17 in
management, finance and administration and 16 in research and development.
None
of our employees is represented by a labor union.
We have not experienced any
work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.

     
Our future performance depends significantly in part upon the continued
service of our key personnel, none of whom is bound by an employment agreement
requiring service for any defined period of time.
Our future success also
depends on our continued ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate
highly qualified sales, technical and managerial personnel.
Competition for such
qualified personnel is intense.
If our executive officers and key personnel do
not remain with us in the future, we may experience difficulty in attracting and
retaining qualified personnel.


PROPERTIES

     Our principal executive and corporate offices are located in Englewood,
Colorado, where we lease approximately 30,426 square feet of subleased office
space.
The leases on this facility expires at various dates ranging from 2001
through 2003.
We also sublease 37,925 square feet of office space, primarily for
operations and research and development, in various locations in the Unites
States that expire at dates ranging from 2001 through 2007.
We believe that our
current facilities will be sufficient to meet our needs for at least the next
twelve months.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     XCare.net and its subsidiaries are subject to claims and proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of business.
There are no pending claims or
proceedings that management expects to be material.

           
XCARE.NET SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

     
The following selected consolidated historical financial data should be
read in conjunction with XCare.net Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 77 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and XCare.net's consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes beginning on page F-1 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The consolidated financial data set forth below for the
years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and as of December 31, 1999 and
2000, are derived from and are qualified by reference to XCare.net's
consolidated financial statements included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The consolidated financial data for the years ended
December 31, 1996 and 1997 and as of December 31, 1996, 1997 and 1998 are
derived from XCare.net's consolidated financial statements, which can be derived
from other filings with the Securities Exchange Commission.
The consolidated
financial data as of March 31, 2001 and 2000, and for the three-month periods
then ended, have been derived from XCare.net's unaudited consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes beginning on page F-28 which include, in
management's opinion, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
adjustments, necessary to present fairly the results of operations and financial
position of XCare.net for the periods and dates presented.
Historical results
are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.

                                                                                         
THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                        MARCH 31,
                                ----------------------------------------------------    --------------------
                                 1996       1997       1998       1999        2000       2000        2001
                                 ----       
----       ----       
----        ----       
----        
----

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
  DATA:
Total revenue...............    $ 9,726    $ 5,984    $ 2,270    $ 4,853    $ 10,681    $ 2,852     $ 7,590
Total costs and expenses....     
10,523     14,641      5,915      7,974      33,025      6,753      11,891
                                -------    -------    -------    -------    --------    -------     -------
Loss from operations........       
(797)    (8,657)    (3,645)    (3,121)    (22,344)    (3,901)     (4,301)

Settlements received from
  contract terminations.....      
2,250        250         --         --          --         --          --
Interest income (expense),
  net.......................         --          5       (437)       (67)      5,027        698       1,100
                                -------    -------    -------    -------    --------    -------     -------
Income (loss) before income
  taxes.....................      1,453     (8,402)    (4,082)    (3,188)    (17,317)    (3,203)     (3,201)
Income tax (benefit)
  expense...................      1,200     (1,078)        --         --          --         --          --
                                -------    -------    -------    -------    
--------    -------     -------
Net income (loss)...........    $   253    $(7,324)   $(4,082)   $(3,188)   $(17,317)   $(3,203)    $(3,201)
                                =======    =======    =======    =======    ========    =======     =======
Net income (loss) per common
  share -- basic and
  diluted...................    $  0.53    $(18.92)   $(10.64)   $ (6.91)   $  (1.20)   $ (0.37)    $ (0.20)
                                =======    =======    =======    =======    ========    =======     =======
Weighted average common
  shares
  outstanding -- basic and
  diluted...................        476        390        390        472      14,399      8,758      16,412
                                =======    =======    =======    =======    ========    =======     =======

                                                        AS OF DECEMBER 31,                        AS OF
                                       ----------------------------------------------------     MARCH 31,
                                        1996      1997        1998        1999       2000         2001
                                        ----      ----        ----        ----       ----       ---------

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash, cash equivalents and
  short-term investment............    $1,394    $   697    $    198    $  7,455    $78,319      $74,299
Working capital....................    $  243    $  (952)   $ (5,335)   $  8,138    $82,759      $80,004
Total assets.......................    $4,492    $ 4,026    $  2,805    $ 13,183    $96,908      $94,209
Long-term debt.....................    $1,317    $   939    $    284    $     --    $    --      $    --
Mandatory redeemable convertible
  preferred stock..................    $   --    $ 6,728    $  6,827    $ 23,842    $    --      $    --
Stockholders' equity (deficit).....    $  842    $(6,537)   $(10,620)   $(13,172)   $92,839      $89,773

              XCARE.NET UNAUDITED QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

     
These unaudited quarterly results should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

XCare.net's operating results are expected to vary significantly from quarter to
and are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.

                                                                        
THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                      ------------------------------------------------------
                                                      MARCH 31,    JUNE 30,    SEPTEMBER 30,    DECEMBER 31,
                                                        1999         1999          1999             1999
                                                      ---------    
--------    -------------    ------------

Total revenue.....................................     $1,311       $  530        $   813         $ 2,199
                                                       ------       ------        -------         -------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenue.................................        923          714            784           1,502
  Sales and marketing.............................        
155          138            252             560
  General and administrative......................        144          282            759             682
  Research and development........................        
104           57            256             158
  Stock compensation expense......................         --           --            112             392
                                                       ------       
------        -------         -------
     Total costs and expenses.....................      1,326        1,191          2,163           3,294
                                                       ------       
------        -------         -------
Loss from operations..............................        (15)        (661)        (1,350)         (1,095)
Interest income (expense), net....................       (136)        (122)           108              83
                                                       ------       
------        -------         
-------
  Net loss........................................     $ (151)      $ (783)       $(1,242)        $(1,012)
                                                       ======       ======        =======         =======
  Net loss per common share -- basic and
     diluted......................................     $(0.43)      $(2.00)       $ (2.36)        $ (1.81)
                                                       ======       ======        =======         =======

                                                                    THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                            -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            MARCH 31,    JUNE 30,    SEPTEMBER 30,    DECEMBER 31,    MARCH 31,
                                              2000         2000          2000             2000          2001
                                            ---------    --------    -------------    ------------    ---------

Total revenue...........................     $ 2,852     $ 2,689        $ 1,961         $ 3,179        $ 7,590
                                             -------     -------        -------         -------        -------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenue.......................       
2,797       3,016          3,190           5,170          6,353
  Sales and marketing...................       
1,110       1,891          1,203           1,012          1,389
  General and administrative............       
1,867       2,981          2,038           2,321          2,570
  Research and development..............         461         989            427           1,075          1,141
  Amortization of goodwill and other
     acquired intangibles...............          --          --             --              96            303
  Stock compensation expense............         518         406            286             171            135
                                             -------     -------        -------         -------        -------
     Total costs and expenses...........       6,753       9,283          7,144           9,845         11,891
                                             -------     -------        -------         -------        -------
Loss from operations....................      (3,901)     (6,594)        (5,183)         (6,666)        (4,301)
Interest income, net....................         
698       1,505          1,446           1,378            100
                                             -------     
-------        -------         -------        
-------
  Net loss..............................     
$(3,203)    $(5,089)       $(3,737)        $(5,288)       $(3,201)
                                             
=======     =======        =======         =======        =======
  Net loss per common share -- basic and
     diluted............................     $ (0.37)    $ (0.31)       $ (0.23)        $ (0.32)       $ (0.20)
                                             =======     =======        =======         =======        =======

               XCARE.NET MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

     XCare.net is an electronic commerce service provider for healthcare
businesses.
We have developed an Internet-based technology platform, XTiera(TM),
using extensible mark-up language, or XML.
Using XTiera(TM), we design, develop
and host custom healthcare Web sites, known as portals, for payers, providers
and other healthcare industry participants.
Through these portals, we link
healthcare providers, payers and other industry participants into a community to
create an Internet exchange.
We use XTiera(TM) to deliver a broad range of
applications, services and electronic product offerings that streamline and
automate high-volume, data-intensive transactions and processes.
We process
transactions such as eligibility checking, claims status, referral processing
and physician credentialing and enrollment.
We also provide consulting services
to define, develop and implement Internet healthcare strategies as well as Web
site hosting, transaction processing, transaction support and maintenance
services for our customers.
XTiera(TM) is based on XML, in conjunction with the
Topic Navigation Mapping standard.
The enhanced integration and filtering
capabilities are designed to meet the demands of healthcare industry
participants.
We expect XML to be a predominant protocol for exchanging data for
electronic commerce in the future.
Topic Navigation Mapping provides a standard
format for indexing and structuring the XML formatted content.
We take advantage
of the benefits of both XML and Topic Navigation Mapping technologies to process
data trapped in usually incompatible legacy computer systems, allow for
automation of healthcare processes and integrate a wide variety of healthcare
data including audio, video and text.
We operate in two segments: development
and consulting services, and recurring services.
The development and consulting
services segment includes revenue generated from software engineering and
integration.
The recurring services segment includes revenue generated from
hosting services, maintenance services, transaction services, recurring license
fees and other services.

     
We were incorporated in Delaware in March 1989 under the name Reilly Dike
Dosher Corporation, Inc.
In December 1996, we changed our name to MPower
Solutions, Inc.
We have historically derived a significant portion of our
revenue from sales of mainframe and client-server software for managed health
care systems and from providing services to health care organizations seeking to
outsource administrative functions.

     
In early 1998, we identified an emerging opportunity to utilize the
Internet to connect health care participants together into a community
structure.
We saw this as an opportunity to provide a more efficient service to
health care and to offer our existing services, as well as additional
applications, services and products, through a more efficient delivery medium.

Beginning in mid-1998, we began to focus on Internet-based health care
solutions.
In April 1999, we changed our name to XCare.net, Inc.
We intend to
derive an increasing portion of our future revenue from our Internet-based
applications, services and product offerings.

     
On February 9, 2000, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC,
declared effective our Registration Statement on Form S-1.
Pursuant to this
Registration Statement, we completed an Initial Public Offering, or IPO, of
5,750,000 shares of our common stock (including 750,000 shares sold pursuant to
the exercise of the underwriter's over-allotment option) at an offering price of
$18.00 per share.
Our proceeds from the IPO, after calculation of the
underwriter's discount of $7.2 million, totaled $94.2 million, net of offering
costs of approximately $2.1 million.
Concurrent with the closing of the IPO, all
outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock were automatically
converted into 9,108,122 shares of common stock.
In addition, upon closing of
the IPO, all outstanding common stock warrants and the Series A convertible
preferred stock warrants were exercised.
The Series A convertible preferred
stock issued upon the exercise of the latter warrants was automatically
converted into common stock and together with the exercise of the common stock
warrants, resulted in the issuance of 702,924 additional shares of common stock.

     
In October 2000, we entered into a Software License and Services Agreement
with MedUnite, Inc. to provide software development services related to the
pilot program.
These services are provided on a time

and materials basis and this agreement is cancelable at MedUnite's discretion
subsequent to the delivery of the first pilot and prior to the contract
contingency date, which is expected in mid-2001.
In addition, we will host
MedUnite's pilot program.
If MedUnite does not terminate the agreement before
the contingency date, we will sell MedUnite a software license and is expected
to provide ongoing hosting, transaction processing, maintenance, software
development and technical services.

     
In connection with the MedUnite agreement, we issued warrants to MedUnite
to purchase 1,350,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $4.06.

The warrants were immediately vested, exercisable and non-forfeitable for a
period of eighteen months from the date of grant.
The fair value of the warrants
was calculated to be $3.1 million and was determined using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model using a volatility factor of 120%, risk-free interest rate
of 6.0% and an expected life of 18 months.
The amounts billed to MedUnite up to
the date that the first pilot was delivered (March 2001) has been reduced by the
fair value attributed to the warrants.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, the
Company allocated $2.2 million of the warrant charge to billings and amounts
billable.
The remaining value of the warrants of $0.9 million at December 31,
2000 was included in other current assets.
For the three months ended March 31,
2001, the Company charged the remaining warrant value of $0.9 million to
billings and amounts billable.

     
On November 8, 2000, we purchased all of United/HealthScope, Inc.'s d/b/a
Advica Health Resources common shares.
The purchase price totaling approximately
$2.2 million included 70,000 shares of our common stock, approximately $830,000
in cash, and professional fees directly related to the acquisition, net of
accounts receivable and our net investment in Advica Health Resources.
The
purchase price was allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities at their
fair values as of November 8, 2000.
The acquired intangibles consisted of
approximately $549,000 in customer base, $488,000 in acquired workforce, and
$86,000 to trade name.
The remaining excess purchase price of approximately
$402,000 was recorded as goodwill.

     
In conjunction with the purchase of Advica Health Resources, we incurred
approximately $273,000 in costs primarily related to the involuntary termination
benefits of Advica Health Resources employees and for other costs to integrate
operating activities.
Approximately $95,000 of these employee termination
benefits had been paid as of December 31, 2000.
The remaining balance was paid
in January 2001.

     
On November 29, 2000, we purchased all of Integrated Media Inc.'s common
stock.
The purchase price, totaling approximately $2.1 million, consisted
primarily of cash and professional fees directly related to the acquisition.
The
total purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities at their fair
values as of November 29, 2000.
The acquired identifiable intangible assets
totaling approximately $322,000 consisted primarily of acquired customer base
with the remaining excess purchase price of approximately $1.62 million being
recorded as goodwill.
In addition to the $2.1 million purchase price, we will
pay $1.0 million to the former president of Integrated Media as compensation for
his assistance with the transition over the next year.
This $1.0 million has
been paid into escrow, is included in other current assets, and will be
amortized to sales and marketing expense over the one-year term of the
agreement.

     
We retained an independent appraiser to assist with the assigning of the
fair values to the intangibles.
The valuations relied on methodologies that most
closely related to the fair market value assignment with the economic benefits
provided by each asset and risks associated with the assets.
The total goodwill
and identifiable intangible assets acquired of $3.5 million are being amortized
over their estimated lives of 3 years.

     
Advica Health Resources, Integrated Media and Confer Software became our
wholly-owned subsidiaries effective on the date of the acquisitions and
transactions were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting in the
fourth quarter of 2000 and the second quarter of 2001.
Operating results for
both Advica Health Resources and Integrated Media from the date of Acquisition
are included in our consolidated financial results.

     
On June 7, 2001 XCare.net consummated the acquisition of Confer Software,
Inc., ("Confer") by merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of XCare.net with
Confer.
As a result of the merger, Confer is now a

wholly-owned subsidiary of XCare.net.
Under the terms of the merger agreement
dated May 14, 2001, XCare.net issued 592,453 shares of XCare.net common stock in
exchange for outstanding shares of Confer capital stock and assumed a $461,250
employee bonus plan that was paid in cash.
The transaction will be accounted for
as a purchase.
The purchase price will be allocated to the net assets acquired
within the 12 months following the closing date of the transaction based on
obtaining an independent valuation of the transaction.

     
We recognize revenue in accordance with the provisions of Statement of
Position 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition" as amended.
We derive revenue from
license fees and related services under the terms of fixed price contracts.

Maintenance revenue is derived from agreements for supporting and providing
periodic updates to licensed software.
Consulting revenue consists of revenue
from consulting services provided pursuant to time and materials contracts.

Transaction processing revenue is derived from transaction processing services
and is recognized on a per-transaction basis as services are performed.

Operational support revenue is derived from agreements for supporting and
maintaining customers' processing environments and is recognized ratably over
the service period.

     
License fees and related services revenue is generally recognized from
fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting
when services are essential to the functionality of the delivered software and
collectibility of fees is probable.
Where collectibility of fees is not
probable, we defer revenue and related costs as deferred contract costs and
recognize revenue and cost of revenue as cash is collected.

     
We may encounter budget and schedule overruns on fixed price contracts
caused by increased material, labor or overhead costs.
Adjustments to cost
estimates are made in the periods in which the facts requiring such revisions
become known.
Estimated losses, if any, are recorded in the period in which
current estimates of total contract revenue and contract costs indicate a loss.

We do not require collateral for our receivables and an allowance is maintained
for potential credit losses.

     
In arrangements where services are not essential to the functionality of
the delivered software, and we have no other obligations, we recognize license
revenue when the agreement has been signed, delivery has occurred, the fee is
fixed or determinable and collectibility is probable.

     
Maintenance revenue is recorded as unearned revenue and is recognized
ratably over the service period, which is generally 12 months.
When maintenance
is bundled with the original license fee arrangement, its fair value is deferred
and recognized during the period such services are provided.

     
Revenue from consulting services provided pursuant to time-and-materials
contracts is recognized as the services are performed.

     
Cost of revenue includes personnel and related overhead costs, payments to
third-party consultants who assist with implementation and support services,
facilities costs and equipment depreciation.
Sales and marketing expenses
consist of personnel and related overhead costs, including commissions, travel
expenses, field sales office expenses and advertising and promotion costs.

General and administrative expenses include personnel and related overhead costs
for our executive, administrative, finance and human resources functions, as
well as legal and accounting fees, insurance expense, investor relation costs
and bad debt expense.
Research and development expense includes personnel and
related overhead costs for product development, enhancements to existing
applications and services and quality assurance activities.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     
The following table sets forth financial data for the periods indicated as
a percentage of revenue.

                                                                                       
THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,               MARCH 31,
                                                 -------------------------------       
------------------
                                                  1998        1999         2000         2000        2001
                                                  ----        
----         ----         
----        
----

Total revenue................................     100.0%      100.0%       100.0%       100.0%      100.0%
                                                 ------       
-----       ------       
------       -----
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenue............................      91.9        80.8        132.7         98.1        83.7
  Sales and marketing........................      42.5        22.8         48.8         38.9        18.3
  General and administrative.................      96.7        38.5         86.2         65.5        33.9
  Research and development...................      
29.5        11.8         27.6         16.2        15.0
  Goodwill and other intangibles
     amortization............................        --          --          0.1           --         4.0
  Stock compensation expense.................        --        10.4         12.9         18.2         1.8
                                                 ------       
-----       ------       ------       
-----
       Total costs and expenses..............     
260.6       164.3        309.2        236.8       156.7
                                                 ------       
-----       ------       
------       
-----
Loss from operations.........................    (160.6)      (64.3)      (209.2)      (136.8)      (56.7)
Interest income (expense), net...............     (19.2)       (1.4)        47.1         24.5        14.5
                                                 ------       
-----       ------       
------       
-----
Net loss.....................................    (179.8)%     (65.7)%     (162.1)%     (112.3)%     (42.2)%
                                                 ======       =====       ======       ======       =====

     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

     Total Revenue.
Total revenue increased $5.8 million, or 120.0%, to $10.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $4.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
Amounts billed or billable to MedUnite of $2.2 million
as of December 31, 2000 were reduced by the same amounts which relate to the
fair value of the warrants issued to MedUnite in connection with the Agreement
discussed above.
The increase in total revenue is primarily related to increased
development and consulting revenues derived from increased Internet-based
development projects over the prior year.
Internet-based development projects
generally are higher in dollar value than our other services.
Higher recurring
revenue from Web site hosting, transaction processing and maintenance services
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 as compared to the twelve months
December 31, 1999 also added to the increase in total revenue.
Total revenue
also increased due to the acquisition of Advica Health Resources and Integrated
Media in the fourth quarter of 2000.

     
Cost of revenue.
Cost of revenue increased $10.3 million, or 261.3%, to
$14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $3.9 million for the
prior comparable period.
The increase in the cost of revenue is related to the
cost of additional personnel and third party contractors to support the growth
in our Internet-based development projects.
Expenses also increased due to the
acquisitions of Advica Health Resources and Integrated Media.

     Sales and marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses increased $4.1 million,
or 372.0%, to $5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $1.1
million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Sales and marketing expenses
increased due to additional personnel, benefits and increased travel and
entertainment, trade show and conference expenses as our sales force and
marketing efforts were expanded and intensified.
Increased commission expense
related to obtaining significant contracts also added to the increase.

     
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses increased
$7.3 million, or 393.1%, to $9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2000
from $1.9 million for the year earlier period.
The increase in general and
administrative expenses was primarily due to:

     - an increase in personnel in the areas of human resources, accounting and
       administration and an increase in benefits expense related to the
       increase in personnel and recruiting costs,

     - higher legal and accounting fees associated with periodic reporting
       requirements of a public company,

     - increased insurance expense related to purchasing directors and officers
       insurance,

     - higher rent expense related to expansion of our facilities,

     - higher depreciation expense related to an increase in capital
       expenditures to support our operations,

     - the acquisition of Advica Health Resources and Integrated Media, and

     - increased investor relations expense associated with a public company.

     
Research and development.
Research and development expenses increased $2.4
million, or 413.4%, to $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from
$0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The increase in research and
development expenses reflects an increased use of third-party contractors
related to the development of our transaction platform, XTiera(TM) offset by a
decrease in salary expense.
Additionally, higher rent expense related to our new
Santa Clara research and development facility also added to the increase in
research and development expense.

     
Amortization of goodwill and acquired intangibles.
The amortization of
goodwill and acquired intangibles results from our acquisitions of Advica Health
Resources and Integrated Media.
Goodwill and identifiable intangibles of $3.5
million was recognized for the amount of the excess of the purchase price over
the fair market value of the net assets acquired and will be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 3 years.
We obtained
independent appraisals of the identified intangible assets and their remaining
useful lives.
Goodwill and other intangibles amortization for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2000 was $96,000.

     
Stock compensation expense.
During 1999 and through February 10, 2000, the
effective date of our IPO, in connection with stock options granted to certain
employees and a consultant under the stock plan, we have recorded unearned stock
compensation representing the difference between the exercise price of the
options and the deemed fair value of our common stock at the date of grant.
We
recorded aggregate unearned compensation of $2.8 million in connection with
these stock options.
This stock compensation will be amortized to expense over
the period during which the options or common stock subject to repurchase vest,
generally four years, using an accelerated method as described in Financial
Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 28.
Amortization of stock
compensation expense amounted to $1.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2000 compared to $504,000 in 1999.
We expect to recognize amortization expense
related to unearned compensation for the aforementioned grants of $425,000 in
2001, $193,000 in 2002 and $39,000 in 2003.
See Note 6 of Notes to Financial
Statements on pages F-15 through F-19.

     
Interest income (expense), net.
Interest income (expense), net includes
interest income on cash and cash equivalent balance partially offset by interest
expense on our convertible promissory notes and capital lease obligations.

Interest income, net of interest expense, increased $5.1 million, to interest
income of $5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from interest
expense of $67,000 for the prior year.
The increase in net interest income is
primarily due to the interest income realized from the investment of the
proceeds from our IPO in the first quarter 2000, the conversion of our
convertible promissory notes into common shares simultaneously with our IPO and
the reduction of debt and capital lease obligations during 1999.

     
Income tax (benefit) expense.
No provision for federal and state income
taxes has been recorded for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, as we
have incurred net operating losses for each of these periods.
We believe that,
based on the history of losses and other factors, the weight of available
evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that we will not be able to
realize our deferred tax assets, and thus a full valuation allowance has been
recorded against such assets as of December 31, 2000.

     
Segment results.
Segment results represent margins which, for segment
reporting purposes, exclude certain costs and expenses, including corporate
expenses, taxes other than income and other non-recurring charges.
See Note 10
to the consolidated financial statements on pages F-21 through F-22.

                                                     
1999        2000      (DECREASE)
                                                     ----        
----      ----------

Development and consulting......................    $   720    $ (3,216)    $ (3,936)
Recurring services..............................        210        (276)        (486)

Other...........................................     (4,118)    (13,825)      (9,707)
                                                    -------    --------     --------
                                                    $(3,188)   $(17,317)    $(14,129)
                                                    =======    ========     ========

     The decrease in margins for both the development and consulting and
recurring services segments is primarily related to the cost of additional
personnel hired to support the growth in our Internet-based development projects
and an increase in the ratio of third-party contractors our personnel in the
first three quarters of 2000.
Third-party contractors generally cost us more
than our own personnel and consequently generate lower gross profit margins.

     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998

     Revenue.
Revenue increased $2.6 million, or 114%, to $4.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999 from $2.3 million for the year ended December 31,
1998.
This increase reflects revenue recognized from new customers coupled with
an increase in average total arrangement fees during 1999 as compared to 1998,
partially offset by decreased transaction processing revenue, as two customers
did not continue their transaction processing arrangements after they completed
implementation of our software.

     
Cost of revenue.
Cost of revenue increased $1.8 million, or 88%, to $3.9
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2.1 million for the year
earlier period.
This increase reflects the cost of additional third-party
consultants used to support the current license implementation and custom
development projects, amortization of software purchased in the fourth quarter
of 1998 and recognition in 1999 of contract expenses deferred from the prior
year.

     Sales and marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses increased $140,000, or
15%, to $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This increase represents increases in
personnel, travel, advertising and marketing as we began to expand our sales and
marketing force during the last half of 1999.

     General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses decreased
$327,000, or 15%, to $1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2.2
million from the year earlier period.
This decrease is due primarily to a
reduction in the amount of losses on the disposal of assets which were recorded
in 1998 and the phase out of our mainframe computer as we discontinued its use.

These decreases were partially offset by increases in recruitment and personnel
costs as we built our staff, to accommodated growth and prepare for our IPO in
the first quarter of 2000.

     
Research and development.
Research and development expenses decreased
$95,000, or 14%, to $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $0.7
million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This decrease reflects a reduction
in the use of outside consultants due to the completion of a project in 1998
related to the conversion of forms in the claims processing application as well
as the write-off of certain software and equipment during 1998 after two of our
customers did not continue their transaction processing arrangements once they
completed implementation of our software.
These decreases were partially offset
by an increase in salaries as we increased personnel after obtaining funding
through the sale convertible preferred stock in the second and third quarters of
1999.

     
Stock compensation expense.
During 1999, we recorded aggregate unearned
compensation of $2.8 million in connection with the grant of certain stock
options.
Amortization of this compensation amounted to $504,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
See Note 6 of Notes to Financial Statements on pages
F-15 through F-19.

     
Interest income (expense), net.
Interest income (expense), net includes
interest expense on our convertible promissory notes and capital lease
obligations partially offset by interest income on cash and cash equivalent
balances.
Interest expense, net of interest income, decreased $370,000, or 85%,
to $67,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $437,000 for the prior
year.
This decrease is due to the conversion of the convertible promissory notes
to Series B convertible preferred stock in June 1999, and the substantial
reduction of debt and capital lease obligations during 1999 with the proceeds of
the Series B preferred stock in the second and third quarter of 1999.

     
Income tax (benefit) expense.
No provision for federal and state income
taxes has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 1999 or 1998 as we have
incurred net operating losses for each of these periods.
We believe that, based
on the history of losses and other factors, the weight of available evidence
indicates that it is more likely than not that we will not be able to realize
our deferred tax assets, and thus a full valuation allowance has been recorded
against such assets as of December 31, 1999 and 1998.

     
Segment Results.
Segment results represent margins which, for segment
reporting purposes, exclude certain costs and expenses, including corporate
expenses, taxes other than income and other non-recurring charges.
Because all
XCare.net's revenues were generated from recurring services in 1998, comparative
information for the twelve months ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 are not
presented.
See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements on pages F-21
through F-22.

     
THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 COMPARED TO THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31,

     Total revenue.
Total revenue increased $4.7 million, or 166.1%, to $7.6
million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $2.9 for the three months
ended March 31, 2000.
Amounts billed or billable to MedUnite as of March 31,
2001 were reduced by $876,000, which relate to the amortization of the fair
value of the warrants issued to MedUnite in connection with the Agreement
discussed above.
The increase in total revenue is primarily related to increased
development and consulting revenues derived from increased Internet-based
development projects over the prior year.
Higher recurring revenue from Web site
hosting, transaction processing and maintenance services for the three months
ended March 31, 2001 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2000 also
added to the increase in total revenue.
Total revenue also increased due to the
addition of Advica Health Resources and Integrated Media revenues beginning in
the fourth quarter of 2000.

     
Cost of revenue.
Cost of revenue increased $3.6 million, or 127%, to $6.4
million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $2.8 million from the
prior comparable period.
The increase in the cost of revenue is related to the
cost of additional personnel to support the growth in our Internet-based
development projects.
Expenses also increased due to the acquisitions of Advica
Health Resources and Integrated Media.
The opening of offices in Los Angeles and
New York in mid-2000 also added to the increase.
We anticipate cost of revenue
expenditures will increase as we continue to expand our Internet strategy.

     
Sales and marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses increased $0.3 million,
or 25%, to $1.4 million during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $1.1
million for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
Sales and marketing expenses
increased due to additional personnel, benefits and increased travel and
entertainment, trade show and conference expenses which were not expanded until
the middle of the first quarter of 2000 after successful completion of our IPO.

     
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses increased
$0.7 million, or 38%, to $2.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001
from $1.9 million from the year earlier period.
The increase in general and
administrative expenses was primarily due to:

     - an increase in personnel in the areas of human resources, accounting and
       administration and an increase in benefits expense related to the
       increase in personnel and recruiting costs,

     - increased directors and officers insurance,

     - higher rent expense related to expansion of our facilities,

     - writedown of long-term equity investments, and

     - higher depreciation expense related to an increase in capital
       expenditures to support our operations.

     
Research and development.
Research and development expenses increased $0.7
million, or 148%, to $1.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$0.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase in research
and development expenses reflects an increase in personnel costs related to the
continued development of our transaction platform, XTiera(TM), including the
Authorized Use Engine and Digital Library.
Additionally, higher rent expense
related to our Santa Clara research and development facility, which was opened
in the second quarter of 2000.

     
Stock compensation expense.
During 1999 and through February 10, 2000, the
effective date of our IPO, in connection with stock options granted to certain
employees and a consultant under the stock plan, we have recorded unearned stock
compensation representing the difference between the exercise price of the
options and the deemed fair value of our common stock at the date of grant.
We
recorded aggregate unearned compensation of $2.8 million in connection with
these stock options.
This stock compensation will be amortized to expense over
the period during which the options or common stock subject to repurchase vest,
generally four years, using an accelerated method as described in Financial
Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 28.
Amortization of stock
compensation expense amounted to $135,000 for the three months ended March 31,
2001 compared to $0.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000.

     
Amortization of goodwill and acquired intangibles.
The amortization of
goodwill and acquired intangibles results from our acquisitions of Advica Health
Resources and Integrated Media.
Goodwill and identifiable intangibles of $3.5
million was recognized for the amount of the excess of the purchase price over
the fair market value of the net assets acquired and will be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of three years.
We obtained
independent appraisals of the identified intangible assets and their remaining
useful lives.
Goodwill and other intangibles amortization for the three months
ended March 31, 2001 was $303,000.

     
Interest income.
Interest income includes interest income on cash, cash
equivalent and short-term investment balances.
Interest income increased $0.4
million, to $1.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from interest
income of $0.7 million for the prior year.
The increase in interest income is
primarily due to the interest income realized from the investment of the
proceeds from our IPO in the middle of the first quarter of 2000.

     
Income tax (benefit) expense.
No provision for federal and state income
taxes has been recorded for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, as
we have incurred net operating losses for each of these periods.
We believe
that, based on the history of losses and other factors, the weight of available
evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that we will not be able to
realize our deferred tax assets, and thus a full valuation allowance has been
recorded against such assets as of March 31, 2001.

     
Segment results.
Segment results represent margins which, for segment
reporting purposes, exclude certain costs and expenses, including corporate
expenses, taxes other than income and other non-recurring charges.
See Note 5 to
the consolidated financial statements on pages F-28 through F-29.

                                                     
THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                         MARCH 31,
                                                    --------------------      INCREASE/
                                                     2000         2001        DECREASE
                                                     ----         
----        ---------

Development and consulting......................    $  (142)     $ 1,472       $ 1,614
Recurring services..............................        197         (235)         (432)

Other...........................................     (3,258)      (4,438)       (1,180)
                                                    -------      -------       -------
                                                    $(3,203)     $(3,201)      $     2
                                                    =======      =======       =======

     The increase in margins for the development and consulting segment is
primarily related to the revenue growth in 2001 over the prior comparable
quarter.
The fixed costs to provide development and

consulting services are allocated over a larger revenue base, providing greater
margin.
The decrease in margins from recurring services is primarily related to
the addition of Advica Health Resources.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     
We have historically financed our operations through a combination of cash
flow from operations, private sales of common and convertible preferred stock,
issuances of convertible promissory notes and public sales of common stock.

     
We expect to use our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments for
general corporate purposes, working capital and capital expenditures to fund our
operations and to continue expanding our product offerings.
The amounts and
timing of our actual expenditures will depend upon numerous factors, including
the status of our product development efforts, marketing and sales activities,
the amount of cash generated by our operations and competition.
We may find it
necessary or advisable to use portions of our cash and cash equivalents for
other purposes.
A portion of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments may also be used to acquire or invest in complementary businesses or
products or to obtain the right to use complementary technologies.
Pending use
of our cash and cash equivalents for the above purposes, we intend to invest
such funds in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities.

     
Net cash used in operating activities was $17.3 million in 2000, $4.4
million in 1999 and $2.2 million in 1998.
Net cash used in operating activities
for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 was $3.0 million and $2.8
million, respectively.
Net cash used in operating activities is primarily
attributable to net losses.

     
Net cash used in investing activities was $48.2 million in 2000 and $1.2
million in 1999, and net cash provided by investing activities was $167,000 in
1998.
Investing activities increased in 2000 primarily due to purchases of
short-term investments of $41.0 million and purchases of computer hardware and
software, office furniture and equipment of $3.6 million.
In the fourth quarter
of 2000, we purchased all of Integrated Media's common stock for $2.1 million
and spent $0.7 million in the purchase of Advica Health Resources, net of cash
received.
See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements regarding these
purchases on pages F-11 through F-12.
Net cash used in investing activities for
the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 was $2.1 million and $1.1
million, respectively.
Purchases of equipment and software for the March 31,
2001 and 2000 were $0.9 million and $1.1 million, respectively.
Additionally, we
purchased $4.3 million and sold $3.2 million of short-term investments in the
first quarter of 2001.
We anticipate total capital expenditures for 2001 to be
approximately $3.6 million.

     
Net cash provided by financing activities of $95.4 million for 2000 was
primarily related to the net proceeds received from our IPO.
In February 2000,
we completed our initial public offering and issued 5,750,000 shares of common
stock (including the underwriter's over-allotment of 750,000 shares of common
stock) at an initial public offering price of $18.00 per share.
We received
$94.2 million in cash proceeds, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and
other offering costs.
The net cash provided by financing activities of $12.9
million for 1999 was primarily related to the net proceeds received from the
issuance of convertible preferred stock.
The net cash provided by financing
activities of $1.5 million for 1998 was primarily related to the net proceeds
received from the issuance of convertible promissory notes.
Net cash used in
financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2001 of $13,000 was
related to payments on capital leases.
Net cash provided by financing activities
of $95.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000 was primarily related
to the net proceeds received from our initial public offering.

     
We expect our current cash resources will be sufficient to meet our
requirements for the next 18 months.
We may need to raise additional capital to
support expansion, develop new or enhanced applications, services and product
offerings, respond to competitive pressures, acquire complementary businesses or
technologies or take advantage of unanticipated opportunities.
We may need to
raise additional funds by selling debt or equity securities, by entering into
strategic relationships or through other arrangements.
We cannot assure you that
we will be able to raise any additional amounts on reasonable terms, or at all,
when they are needed.


RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities."
This statement establishes accounting and
reporting standards for derivative instruments and for hedging activities.
SFAS
No. 133 requires, among other things, that all derivative instruments be
recognized at fair value as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and that
changes in fair value generally be recognized currently in earnings unless
specific hedge accounting criteria are met.
Because the Company does not hold
any derivative financial instruments and has not engaged in hedging activities,
the adoption of SFAS 133 in the first quarter of 2001 did not have a material
impact on its consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash
flows.


QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     We currently develop and market our products in the United States.
As all
sales are currently made in U.S. dollars, a strengthening of the dollar could
make our product less competitive in foreign markets.
Our interest income is
sensitive to changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates.
Due to the
short term-term nature of our investments, we believe that there is no material
interest risk exposure.
Based on the foregoing, no quantitative disclosures have
been provided.

                              
XCARE.NET MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

     
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
XCare.net's executive officers and directors as of June 15, 2001.

                
NAME                     AGE                            POSITION
                ----                     ---                            --------

Lorine R. Sweeney....................    43     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
                                                Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial
Gary T. Scherping....................    41     Officer
John D. Hickey.......................    44     Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
                                                Senior Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Business
Thomas M. Pianko.....................    40     Development
Ann Ting.............................    54     Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
J. Andrew Cowherd....................    48     Director
James B. Hoover......................    46     Director
Jeffrey M. Krauss....................    44     Chairman of the Board of Directors
Fred L. Brown........................    60     Director
Daniel J. Mitchell...................    44     Director
Robert I. Murrie.....................    55     Proposed Director

     LORINE R. SWEENEY.
Ms. Sweeney has been President, Chief Executive Officer
and a director of XCare.net since October 1997.
From November 1994 until
September 1997, Ms. Sweeney was Vice President of Software Development and
Technology and Vice President of the UltiMedex Business Unit of Micromedex,
Inc., an international supplier of clinical reference information to the
healthcare and environmental industries.

     
GARY T. SCHERPING.
Mr. Scherping has been Senior Vice President of Finance
and Chief Financial Officer of XCare.net since March 2001.
Mr. Scherping was
Vice President of Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer from August 2000
until March 2001, Vice President and Controller from May 2000 until August 2000
and Vice President of Acquisitions from February 2000 until May 2000.
Mr.
Scherping was Treasurer from February 1999 to February 2000, Director of
Marketing and Banking from July 1997 to February 1999 and Director of Financial
Accounting and Reporting from September 1994 to July 1997 at Echo Bay Mines Ltd.

     JOHN D. HICKEY.
Mr. Hickey has been Chief Operating Officer since November
2000.
Mr. Hickey was Vice President of Operations for FastIdeas.com, Inc., a
start-up accelerator and incubator from February 2000 until October 2000.
He
co-founded and managed eProve, Inc., an Application Service Provider from
December 1998 until February 2000.
Previously he held executive management
positions at consulting organizations, including Sybase, Inc. and GE Consulting
Services Corporation.

     
THOMAS M. PIANKO.
Mr. Pianko has been Senior Vice President, Sales,
Marketing and Business Development of XCare.net since December 1999.
From
December 1998 to December 1999 Mr. Pianko was Vice President of Sales,
Information Technology Business, Enterprise Sales-Intermountain Region and from
February 1996 to December 1998 he was Regional Director and Sales Executive with
McKesson HBOC Inc., a health information technology and supply services
corporation.
Prior thereto, Mr. Pianko was the Regional Accounts Manager for Eli
Lilly & Co., a company engaged in the business of ethical pharmaceutical
development and sales.

     
ANN TING.
Dr. Ting has been Senior Vice President and Chief Technology
Officer since June 2001.
From 1994 through May 2001, Dr. Ting was founder,
president and chief operating officer of Confer Software, Inc.

     J. ANDREW COWHERD.
Mr. Cowherd has been a director of XCare.net since March
1997.
Since July 1996, Mr. Cowherd has been a Managing Member of the general
partner of Atlantic Medical Capital, L.P., a venture capital firm that is
managed by Atlantic Medical Management, L.L.C. Mr. Cowherd is a director of
several private companies including NotifyMD, Inc.
a privately held company
providing unified

messaging and other communications services to physicians; and Nursefinders,
Inc. a privately held company providing healthcare staffing and home healthcare
services.

     
JAMES B. HOOVER.
Mr. Hoover has been a director of XCare.net since June
1999.
Mr. Hoover is the Managing Member of DCP I, L.L.C., which is the general
partner of Dauphin Capital Partners I, L.P., a venture capital firm that
specializes in healthcare investments, which he founded in June 1998.
From
November 1992 until June 1998, Mr. Hoover was a General Partner of Welsh,
Carson, Anderson & Stowe, a private equity firm specializing in the acquisition
of healthcare and information services businesses.
Mr. Hoover is a director of
U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc., a publicly traded healthcare company, and several
privately held healthcare companies.

     
JEFFREY M. KRAUSS.
Mr. Krauss has been Chairman of the Board of Directors
of XCare.net since March 1997.
Since April 2000, Mr. Krauss has been a Managing
Member of Psilos Group Managers, LLC, a venture capital firm.
From May 1990
until March 2000, Mr. Krauss was a General Partner of Nazem & Company, a venture
capital firm.
Mr. Krauss is a director of Tegal Corporation, a publicly traded
company engaged in the manufacture of semi-conductor capital equipment.
Mr.
Krauss also serves as a director of several private companies.

     
FRED L. BROWN.
Mr. Brown has been a director of XCare.net since December
30, 1999.
Since January 2001, Mr. Brown has been a Visiting Professor at George
Washington University in Washington, D.C.
From January 2000 to December 2000,
Mr. Brown was immediate past chairman, and from January 1999 to December 1999
was chairman, of the American Hospital Association, a public policy advocate and
educational association.
From June 1993 until December 1998, Mr. Brown was the
founding President and Chief Executive Officer of BJC Health System, a
healthcare organization comprised of a comprehensive health network featuring
200 care sites, 24,000 employees, and health plans covering more than 200,000
patients.
He currently serves as vice-chairman of the system.