URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/893162/000101287001501132/0001012870-01-501132.txt

Background of the Merger

   Credence has developed in significant part through strategic mergers and
acquisitions of other companies and businesses.
In furtherance of this
strategy, Credence has consulted from time to time with various third parties,
including investment banking firms, regarding strategic acquisition
opportunities.

   
On February 28, 2001, during a meeting with Credence management, Credence
management expressed to SG Cowen an interest in the possibility of acquiring
IMS.
SG Cowen thereafter communicated this interest to management of IMS.

   
On March 1, 2001, Credence engaged Goldman, Sachs & Co. as its financial
advisor relating to the potential transaction with IMS.

   
On March 6, 2001, after considering Credence's expression of interest, IMS
engaged SG Cowen as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with a
potential strategic transaction with Credence.

   
On the afternoon of March 12, 2001, Dr. Graham J. Siddall, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Credence, and David A. Ranhoff, Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of Credence, met with Keith L. Barnes,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of IMS, and Fred Hall, Chief Financial
Officer of IMS.
Also in attendance were a representative of Goldman Sachs and
representatives of SG Cowen.
During the meeting, the parties discussed publicly
available information concerning their respective businesses, products,
markets, sales channels, and financial results.

   
On March 27, 2001, at the request of IMS, representatives of SG Cowen met
with Dr. Siddall at the SG Cowen Technology Conference in Cannes, France.
The
parties had preliminary discussions of the potential terms of a possible
transaction.
Subsequently, representatives of IMS and SG Cowen discussed the
results of the meeting.

   
On the afternoon of April 12, 2001, Mr. Barnes and Dr. Siddall met in
Portland, Oregon at the offices of Ater Wynne LLP, counsel to IMS, to discuss
possible terms of an acquisition, including price, transaction structure, roles
for IMS management after the merger, operating structure after the merger, and
employee benefits.
During that meeting, the parties executed a non-disclosure
agreement in order to facilitate further discussion and due diligence relating
to a potential transaction.
The parties scheduled in-depth technical and
business due diligence meetings.

   
On April 13, 2001, Dr. Siddall, Todd Del Vecchio, Director, Strategic
Business Development, Bart Freedman, Vice President Worldwide Field Operations,
and Jim Ellis, former Vice President and General Manager of the NMS/DFT
Division of Credence, participated in a preliminary due diligence meeting with
Mr. Barnes and Barry Baril, Chief Technology Officer of IMS.
The parties
discussed the companies' road maps and sales distribution channels.

   
On April 18, 2001, Mr. Barnes reviewed the status of the merger discussions
with the Audit Committee of the IMS board of directors.

   
On April 20, 2001, Dr. Siddall and Mr. Barnes participated in a telephone
conference regarding a proposed term sheet relating to a potential transaction.

After that call was concluded, Credence delivered a

working draft of a proposed term sheet.
Over the next few days, IMS management
and advisors reviewed the term sheet and, working with Credence and Credence's
advisors, developed proposed changes, refinements, and modifications.

   
On April 21, 2001, Dr. Siddall and Mr. Barnes had a breakfast meeting at the
offices of Ater Wynne LLP to discuss the proposed terms.

   
Between April 23 and April 25, 2001, the parties through their investment
bankers discussed potential exchange ratios.

   
On April 26, 2001, Dr. Siddall had a dinner meeting with Donald Grant,
President and Chief Operating Officer of IMS to discuss the companies'
respective businesses.

   
On April 27, 2001, Credence delivered Credence's final draft of a term
sheet.
Also on April 27, 2001, the IMS board of directors met to review that
proposal, the terms of the discussion and course of negotiations to date.
At
the meeting, SG Cowen discussed the financial terms of the transaction with the
board of IMS.
After discussion, the board of IMS unanimously directed
management to proceed with business, technical, legal, and financial due
diligence, and the negotiation of a definitive acquisition agreement.

   
Also on April 27, 2001, IMS and Credence entered into an exclusive
negotiations letter agreement to permit due diligence and negotiation of a
definitive agreement.
Pursuant to this agreement, IMS agreed not to solicit or
negotiate an alternative acquisition proposal by a party other than Credence
prior to May 16, 2001.

   
On May 1, 2001, representatives for both companies met at the offices of
Ater Wynne LLP to review technology, products and product road maps.
In
attendance for Credence were Dr. Siddall; John Detwiler, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer; Byron Milstead, Vice President and General
Counsel; George DeGeer, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer
Mixed Signal Division; Mr. Ellis; Gary Gillette, Vice President Engineering for
the Memory Products Division; Steve Payne, Engineering Director for the
Consumer Mixed Signal Division; and Cathy Hearn, Vice President and Corporate
Controller.
In attendance for IMS were Mr. Barnes; Mr. Hall; Mr. Baril; John
Miller, Vice President of Engineering; and Mark Allison, General Manager,
Memory Division.
Goldman Sachs and SG Cowen were also represented.

   
On May 2, 2001, representatives again met at the offices of Ater Wynne LLP,
this time to review human resource issues and IMS financial results, forecasts
and condition.
In attendance for Credence were Mr. Detwiler; Mr. Milstead;
Dennis Hopwood, Vice President of Human Resources; Ms. Hearn; Bradley Wallin,
Operations Controller; and Steven Souders, Benefits Manager.
In attendance for
IMS were Mr. Hall; Gwyn Harvey, Vice President of Human Resources; and Lois
Miesbach, Controller.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs and SG Cowen also
attended.

   
On May 4, 2001, at a regularly scheduled board meeting, IMS management
updated IMS' board of directors on the progress of due diligence, and based on
that due diligence, on management's conclusions concerning the technical and
business outlook for Credence, and for a combined Credence and IMS.
The board
of IMS reviewed its duties in connection with consideration of the merger with
legal counsel.

   
Also on May 4, 2001, the parties began negotiations of a definitive merger
agreement, and began bilateral legal due diligence.
Both processes continued
during the next two weeks.

   
On the afternoon of May 8, 2001, representatives from both companies met in
Fremont, California to review Credence's operations, distribution organization
and financial results, forecasts and condition.
In attendance for Credence were
Dr. Siddall; Mr. Ranhoff; Mr. Detwiler; Mr. Milstead; Mr. Freedman; and Glyn
Davies, Vice President, Corporate Marketing.
In attendance for IMS were Mr.
Barnes; Mr. Hall; and Mr. Grant.
Also in attendance were representatives from
Goldman Sachs and SG Cowen.

   
On May 10, 2001, representatives from both companies met at the offices of
Ater Wynne LLP to review IMS operations and distribution network and both
companies' manufacturing operations.
In attendance for Credence were Mr.
Ranhoff and Debra Moberly, Vice President, Operations.
In attendance for IMS
were Mr. Barnes, Mr. Grant and Mr. Hall.

   
Between May 11, 2001 and May 15, 2001, the parties, along with their
investment bankers and attorneys participated in conferences for the purpose of
resolving remaining due diligence issues and open items within the merger
agreement, and to complete Credence management interviews with selected IMS
senior managers.
Discussions regarding the merger agreement included, in
particular the provisions governing the IMS board's exercise of its fiduciary
duties pending close.

   
On May 15, 2001, Credence's board of directors held a regularly scheduled
board meeting.
As part of that meeting the board discussed the proposed
acquisition of IMS.
The board discussed IMS' products and product strategies,
the market for such products and general information about IMS.
The board of
Credence also reviewed the status of the transaction, including the proposed
terms of the transaction.
The board of Credence then discussed the results of
Credence's due diligence review.
Finally, the board of Credence discussed the
terms of the proposed acquisition and the directors' legal duties and
responsibilities.
Credence's board unanimously voted to approve the merger
agreement and related transaction documents.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs
were in attendance.

   
On May 15, 2001, IMS' board of directors held a meeting and discussed with
management final due diligence results.
In addition, SG Cowen delivered its
written analyses and its oral opinion to the IMS board of directors,
subsequently confirmed in writing as of the same date, to the effect that, and
subject to the various assumptions set forth therein, as of May 15, 2001, the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point
of view to the shareholders of IMS.
Further, the IMS board of directors
reviewed with legal counsel the specific terms of the merger agreement
including provisions relating to the exercise of the board's fiduciary duties
pending close.
The IMS board unanimously approved the merger agreement and
related transaction documents.

   
On the morning of May 16, 2001, representatives of Brobeck, Phleger &
Harrison LLP and Ater Wynne LLP continued to finalize the terms of the merger
agreement and related transaction documents.

   
On May 16, 2001, IMS and Credence entered into the merger agreement and
certain related agreements were executed and delivered by Credence and the
parties thereto.
Promptly thereafter Credence and IMS issued a joint press
release announcing the proposed business combination.

   
On June 1, 2001, IMS and Credence entered into amendment no. 1 to the merger
agreement.


Reasons for the Merger

 Credence's Reasons for the Merger

   Credence's board of directors has unanimously concluded that the merger is
in the best interest of Credence and its stockholders.
Credence's board of
directors has identified several potential benefits of the merger that it
believes will contribute to the success of the combined company.
These
potential benefits include:

  .
a reduction in the volatility of Credence's business model;

  .
the addition of complementary product lines and capabilities;

  . potentially expanded customer usage model from design prototype
    validation to production test;

  .
a broader potential customer and relationship base;

  .
a potentially expanded customer base geographically;

  .
an enhanced technology portfolio;

  .
a stronger virtual test product;

  .
enhanced purchasing power with suppliers;

  .
leverage of Credence's global salesforce; and

  .
Credence's increased visibility in emerging markets and technologies.

   
The Credence board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including:

  .
the possibility that the merger would not be consummated;

  .
the risk that, despite the efforts of IMS and Credence, key technical,
    marketing and management personnel might choose not to remain employed by
    the combined company after the merger;

  .
the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed and will not change with
    increases or decreases in the market price of either Credence's or IMS'
    stock before the closing of the merger;

  .
the risk of market confusion and hesitation and potential delay or
    reduction in orders; and

  .
the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
    realized fully or within the time frame contemplated, if at all.

   
The Credence board of directors has concluded that the potential benefits of
the merger outweigh these risks and for the strategic reasons set forth above,
the Credence board of directors has determined that Credence should proceed
with the merger agreement and the merger.

 
IMS' Reasons for the Merger

   The IMS board of directors has unanimously adopted the merger agreement and
approved the merger and unanimously recommends that the holders of shares of
IMS common stock vote FOR the approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

   
The IMS board of directors identified a number of benefits for IMS'
shareholders that could result from the merger.
These potential benefits
include:

  .
Liquidity--IMS has a relatively small number of shares that float in the
    public markets as compared to Credence.
This lack of liquidity
    substantially reduces the number of potential buyers of IMS stock and is
    a direct cause of the low average daily trading volume.
Merging with
    Credence could provide IMS shareholders with greater liquidity;

  .
An extensive design prototype validation to production test solution,
    making the combined company more competitive than either of the companies
    individually;

  .
The opportunity to leverage scarce development funds by eliminating
    redundancy in the products or components developed.
IMS competes in a
    market where the other participants are generally significantly larger.
    
The solutions for the market requirements are all quite similar, yet the
    funds available to IMS for developing those solutions are substantially
    less than those funds available to the other participants;

  .
Because there are common components and technologies, combining with
    Credence should provide more leverage in purchasing those components and
    technologies;

  .
Credence has a strong worldwide distribution network.
Because the
    technologies, markets and business philosophies of the two companies are
    complementary, IMS will be able to leverage this distribution network to,
    over time, reduce its cost per sale;

  .
The fixed exchange ratio of 0.9 to 1 represents a premium of
    approximately 58% to the closing price of IMS stock on May 14, 2001.
IMS
    believes this is a competitive premium for mergers and acquisitions
    within the semiconductor industry during the past year; and

  .
Credence is a strong participant in the ATE market.
IMS believes that
    Credence has solid technology and products and is well positioned in its
    markets.

   
In addition, the IMS board of directors noted that the merger is expected to
be accounted for as a pooling of interests and that no goodwill is expected to
be created on the books of the combined company as a result of the merger.

   
The IMS board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including:

  .
the possibility that the merger would not be consummated and the effect
    of the public announcement of the merger on IMS' sales and operating
    results and IMS' ability to attract and retain key management, sales,
    marketing and technical personnel;

  .
the risk that, despite the efforts of IMS and Credence, key technical,
    marketing, sales and management personnel might choose not to remain
    employed by the combined comapny after the merger;

  .
the stock issued in the merger may be worth substantially less than the
    same number of shares are worth at the time the merger agreement was
    executed;

  .
the risk of market confusion, hesitation and potential delay or reduction
    in orders and potential adverse effect on existing customer and supplier
    relationships;

  .
the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
    realized fully or within the time frame contemplated, if at all;

  .
the substantial charges to be incurred, primarily in the quarter in which
    the merger is consummated, including costs of integrating the business
    and transaction expenses arising from the merger;

  .
the restrictions imposed by the merger agreement on the operation of IMS
    prior to completion or termination of the merger agreement;

  .
the challenges associated with integrating the operations of IMS and
    Credence; and

  .
the other risks associated with Credence's business and the merger
    described under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 13 of this proxy
    statement/prospectus.

   
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
IMS board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to
include all material factors considered by the IMS board of directors.
In view
of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the IMS board of directors did not find it practicable to and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors considered
in reaching its determination.
In addition, individual members of the IMS board
of directors may have given different weight to different factors.


Recommendation of IMS' Board of Directors

   For the reasons discussed above and after careful consideration, the IMS
board of directors has unanimously adopted the merger agreement and approved
the merger and unanimously recommends that IMS shareholders vote "FOR" approval
of the merger agreement and the merger.

   
In considering the recommendation of the IMS board of directors, you should
be aware that some of the directors and officers of IMS have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of IMS
shareholders generally.
Please see the section entitled "Interests of IMS
Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger" on page 67 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.


Opinion of SG Cowen, Financial Advisor to IMS

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 6, 2001, IMS retained SG Cowen
Securities Corporation to act as exclusive financial advisor to IMS in
connection with the merger.

   
On May 15, 2001, SG Cowen delivered written analyses and its oral opinion to
the IMS board of directors, subsequently confirmed in writing as of the same
date, to the effect that and subject to the various assumptions set forth
therein, as of May 15, 2001, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, on the date of such
opinion, to the shareholders of IMS.

   
The full text of the written opinion of SG Cowen, dated May 15, 2001, is
attached as Appendix C and is incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus
by reference.
Holders of IMS common stock are urged to read the opinion in its
entirety for the assumptions made, procedures followed, other matters
considered and limits of the review by SG Cowen.
The summary of the written
opinion of SG Cowen set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the SG Cowen opinion.
SG Cowen's analyses and opinion were
prepared for and addressed to the IMS board and are directed only to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio, and do not
constitute an opinion as to the merits of the transaction or a recommendation
to any shareholder as to how to vote on the proposed transaction.
The exchange
ratio was determined through negotiations between IMS and Credence and not
pursuant to recommendations of SG Cowen.

   
In arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen reviewed and considered the financial
and other matters as it deemed relevant, including, among other things:

  .
a draft of the merger agreement dated May 14, 2001;

  .
certain publicly available information for IMS, including its annual
    report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, its press
    release dated April 18, 2001, its Proxy Statement dated April 18, 2001,
    and certain other relevant financial and operating data furnished to SG
    Cowen by IMS management;

  .
certain publicly available information for Credence, including its annual
    report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2000, its
    quarterly report filed on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31,
    2001, its Proxy Statement dated February 20, 2001 and certain other
    relevant financial and operating data furnished to SG Cowen by Credence
    management;

  .
certain internal financial analyses, financial forecasts, reports and
    other information concerning IMS prepared by the management of IMS;

  .
First Call estimates and financial projections in Wall Street analyst
    reports for each of IMS and Credence;

  .
discussions SG Cowen had with certain members of the management of each
    of IMS and Credence concerning the historical and current business
    operations, financial conditions and prospects of IMS and Credence and
    such other matters SG Cowen deemed relevant;

  .
certain operating results and the reported price and trading histories of
    the shares of common stock of IMS as compared to operating results and
    the reported price and trading histories of publicly traded companies SG
    Cowen deemed relevant;

  .
certain financial terms of the merger as compared to the financial terms
    of certain selected business combinations SG Cowen deemed relevant;

  .
based on the forecasts provided by IMS and certain Wall Street
    projections, the cash flows generated by IMS on a stand-alone basis to
    determine the present value of the discounted cash flows;

  .
certain pro forma financial effects excluding goodwill of the merger on
    an accretion/dilution basis; and

  .
such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations
    and such other factors that SG Cowen deemed relevant for the purposes of
    its opinion.

   
In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen, with IMS'
consent, assumed and relied, without independent investigation, upon the
accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information provided to it
by IMS and Credence, respectively, or which was publicly available.
SG Cowen
did not undertake any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or
reasonableness of, or independently to verify, this information.
In addition,
SG Cowen did not conduct or assume any obligation to conduct any physical
inspection of the properties or facilities of IMS or Credence.
SG Cowen further
relied upon the assurance of management of IMS that they were unaware of any
facts that would have made the information provided to SG Cowen incomplete or
misleading in any respect.
SG Cowen, with IMS' consent, assumed that the
financial forecasts it examined were reasonably prepared by the management of
IMS on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith
judgments of IMS management as to the future performance of IMS, and that such
projections, and Wall Street analyst projections utilized in SG Cowen's
analysis provide a reasonable basis for its opinion.
Because the management of
Credence did not provide multi-year projections and Wall Street analyst
projections did not extend past Credence's 2002 calendar year, SG Cowen did not
perform a discounted cash flow analysis on Credence in reaching its opinion.

   
SG Cowen did not make or obtain any independent evaluations, valuations or
appraisals of the assets or liabilities of IMS or Credence, nor was SG Cowen
furnished with such valuations.
SG Cowen's services to IMS in connection with
the merger were comprised solely of rendering an opinion from a financial point
of view with respect to the exchange ratio.
SG Cowen did not consider the
effect, if any, of any legal matters in its opinion, and expresses no opinion
with respect to any legal matter.
SG Cowen's opinion was necessarily based upon
economic and market conditions and other circumstances as they existed and
could be evaluated by SG Cowen on the date of its opinion.
SG Cowen was
directed by management of IMS and Credence to utilize certain Wall Street
projections in conducting its analysis.
SG Cowen did not consider and was not
asked to consider the financial effects, if any, of any announcements that IMS
and Credence made or may make after SG Cowen delivered its fairness opinion
with respect to their past quarterly results or future performance.
It should
be understood that although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, SG
Cowen does not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion
and SG Cowen expressly disclaims any responsibility to do so.

   
For purposes of rendering its opinion, SG Cowen assumed, in all respects
material to its analysis, that the representations and warranties of each party
contained in the merger agreement are true and correct, that each party will
perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed by it
under the merger agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the
merger will be satisfied without waiver thereof.
SG Cowen assumed that the
final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the last
draft received by SG Cowen prior to rendering its opinion.
SG Cowen also
assumed that all governmental, regulatory and other consents and approvals
contemplated by the merger agreement would be obtained and that, in the course
of obtaining any of those consents, no restrictions would be imposed or waivers
made that would have an adverse effect on the contemplated benefits of the
merger.
IMS informed SG Cowen, and SG Cowen assumed, that the merger (1) would
be recorded as a pooling-of-interests under generally accepted accounting
principles and (2) would be treated as a reorganization for tax purposes.

   
SG Cowen's opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder
as to how the shareholder should vote on the proposed merger or to take any
other action in connection with the merger or otherwise.
SG Cowen's opinion
does not imply any conclusion as to the likely trading range for Credence
common stock following consummation of the merger.
SG Cowen's opinion is
limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio
on the date of such opinion.
SG Cowen expresses no opinion as to the underlying
business reasons that may support the decision of the IMS board to approve, or
IMS' decision to consummate, the merger.

   
The following is a summary of the principal financial analyses performed by
SG Cowen to arrive at its opinion.
Some of the summaries of financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand
the financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.
Considering the data set forth in

the tables without considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses.
SG
Cowen performed various procedures, including each of the financial analyses
described below, and reviewed with the management of IMS and Credence the
assumptions on which those analyses were based and other factors, including the
historical and projected financial results of IMS and Credence.
No limitations
were imposed by the IMS board with respect to the investigations made or
procedures followed by SG Cowen in rendering its opinion.

   
Stock Trading History.
To provide contextual data and comparative market
data, SG Cowen reviewed the historical market prices of IMS common stock for
the twelve month period ended May 14, 2001.
SG Cowen noted that over the
indicated period the high and low prices for shares of IMS common stock were
$20.88 and $7.00.
SG Cowen also reviewed the historical market prices of
Credence common stock for the twelve month period ended May 14, 2001.
SG Cowen
noted that over the indicated period the high and low prices for shares of
Credence common stock were $72.75 and $14.75.

   
Contribution Analysis.
SG Cowen analyzed the respective contributions of IMS
and Credence to the combined company based on the latest twelve months
(referred to as LTM) reported revenues, earnings before interest expense and
taxes (referred to as EBIT) and earnings and calendar year 2001 and calendar
year 2002 estimated revenues, and EBIT and earnings.
This analysis was based
upon the historical financial results of IMS and Credence, and also the
projected financial results of IMS and Credence obtained from, with IMS'
management's consent, SG Cowen Equity Research dated April 19, 2001 for IMS'
calendar years ended 2001 and 2002, SG Cowen Equity Research estimates dated
April 19, 2001 for Credence's calendar year 2001 and Salomon Smith Barney
Equity Research estimates dated April 19, 2001 for Credence's calendar year
2002.
Additionally, SG Cowen's analysis, with IMS' management's consent, used
SG Cowen Equity Research dated April 19, 2001, for calendar year 2002 to
illustrate a downside case for Credence.
These research reports were utilized
upon the direction of each management team, respectively.
The table below shows
IMS' and Credence's respective percentage contributions with respect to each of
these items.

                                                         % of Combined Company
                                                       
-------------------------
                                                         Credence       IMS
                                                       Contribution Contribution
                                                       ------------
------------

   Operating results
   LTM
     Revenues.........................................     90.0%        10.0%
     Gross profit.....................................     89.7%        10.3%
     EBIT.............................................     94.0%         6.0%
     Earnings.........................................     93.8%         6.2%

   CY 2001
     Revenues.........................................     74.6%        25.4%
     Gross profit.....................................     69.1%        30.9%
     EBIT.............................................       NM           NM
     Earnings.........................................       NM           NM

   CY 2002
     Revenues.........................................     86.8%        13.2%
     Gross profit.....................................     86.2%        13.8%
     EBIT.............................................     91.9%         8.1%
     Earnings.........................................     90.2%         9.8%

   CY 2002--Downside Case
     Revenues.........................................     82.2%        17.8%
     Gross profit.....................................     80.3%        19.7%
     EBIT.............................................     78.8%        21.2%
     Earnings.........................................     
78.1%        21.9%

- --------
   "NM" means not meaningful.

   
Pro Forma Ownership Analysis.
SG Cowen analyzed the pro forma ownership in
the combined company by the holders of IMS and Credence common stock and noted
that holders of IMS common stock would own approximately 13.1% of the combined
company, based on Credence's closing share price on May 14, 2001.

   
Historical Stock Trading Analysis.
SG Cowen analyzed the closing prices of
IMS common stock over various periods ending May 14, 2001.
The table below
illustrates the stock prices for those periods and the premium or discount
implied by the implied offer price in the merger to those historical stock
prices.

                                                                     
Premium /
                                                                   (Discount) %
                                                                    Implied by
                                                                   Implied Offer
   Period                                              Stock Price     Price
   ------                                              -----------
-------------

   Latest twelve months average.......................   $13.97         49.1 %
   Latest 120-trading-day average.....................   $11.89         75.3 %
   Latest 20-trading-day average......................   $13.22         57.6 %
   Latest 5-trading-day average.......................   $13.39         55.6 %
   20 trading days prior..............................   $12.31         69.3 %
   5 trading days prior...............................   $13.28         56.9 %
   High (latest twelve months)........................   $20.88         (0.2)%
   Low (latest twelve months).........................   $ 7.00        197.6 %
   May 14, 2001.......................................   $13.15         58.4 %

   Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
SG Cowen analyzed the ratios of the
closing prices of IMS common stock to those of Credence common stock over
various periods ending May 14, 2001.
The table below illustrates the ratios for
those periods and the premium or discount implied by the exchange ratio in the
merger to those historical exchange ratios.

                                                                    
Premium /
                                                                   (Discount) %
                                                                    
Implied by
   Period                                          Exchange Ratio Exchange Ratio
   ------                                          --------------
--------------

   Latest twelve months average...................     0.4778          88.4 %
   Latest 120-trading-day average.................     0.5202          73.0 %
   Latest 20-trading-day average..................     0.5731          57.0 %
   Latest 5-trading-day average...................     
0.5776          55.8 %
   20 trading days prior..........................     
0.5787          55.5 %
   5 trading days prior...........................     
0.5797          55.3 %
   High (latest twelve months)....................     0.9730          (7.5)%
   Low (latest twelve months).....................     
0.2065         335.9 %
   May 14, 2001...................................     0.5680          58.4 %

   Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Companies.
To provide contextual data
and comparative market information, SG Cowen compared selected historical
operating and financial data and ratios for IMS to the corresponding financial
data and ratios of other companies whose securities are publicly traded and
which SG Cowen believes have operating, market valuation and trading valuations
similar to what might be expected of IMS.
These companies were:

  .
Aehr Test Systems, Inc.

  .
Aetrium Inc.

  .
Credence Systems Corporation

  .
Cohu, Inc.

  .
Electroglas, Inc.

  .
FEI Co.

  .
InTest Corp.

  .
LTX Corp.

  .
Teradyne, Inc.

   
The data and ratios included the market capitalization of common stock plus
total debt less cash and equivalents (referred to as the enterprise value) of
the selected companies, as multiples of LTM revenues, calendar year 2001
estimated revenue and calendar year 2002 projected revenue, and LTM EBIT.
SG
Cowen also examined the ratios of the current share prices of the selected
companies to the LTM earnings per share and estimated calendar year 2002
earnings per share (in each case, as available from Wall Street analyst reports
or, if not so available, First Call) for the selected companies.

   
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of enterprise value to LTM revenues and estimates for
calendar year 2001 and 2002 revenues, and LTM EBIT, and the ratio of equity
value to LTM earnings and estimates for calendar year 2002 earnings.
The
information in the table is based on the closing stock price of IMS and
Credence common stock on May 14, 2001.

                                           Selected Company
                                               Multiples           Multiple
                                        -----------------------   Implied by
                                        Low  Mean  Median High  exchange ratio
                                        ----
-----
------ ----- --------------

   Enterprise value as a ratio of:
     LTM revenue....................... 0.3x  1.4x  1.1x   3.0x      2.0x
     CY 2001 revenue................... 0.5x  2.6x  2.5x   4.5x      2.2x
     CY 2002 revenue...................
1.2x  2.1x  2.1x   3.0x      1.9x
     LTM EBIT..........................
4.2x  9.5x  9.2x  17.3x     11.2x

   Equity value as a ratio of:
     LTM earnings......................
7.6x 14.5x 14.0x  24.7x     17.4x
     CY 2002 earnings.................. 7.3x 20.5x 17.7x  31.9x     22.6x

   Although the selected companies were used for comparison purposes, none of
those companies is directly comparable to IMS.
Accordingly, an analysis of the
results of such a comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical and
projected financial and operating characteristics of the selected companies and
other factors that could affect the public trading value of the selected
companies or IMS to which they are being compared.

   
Analysis of Selected Transactions.
SG Cowen reviewed the financial terms, to
the extent publicly available, of 11 representative transactions in the
semiconductor capital equipment industry and similar technology industries
(referred to as the total transactions) announced or completed since December
9, 1998, which included 7 transactions announced prior to August 2000 (referred
to as the pre-August 2000 transactions) and 4 transactions announced after
August 2000 (referred to as the post-August 2000 transactions).
These
transactions were (listed as acquiror/target/announcement date):

  .
Novellus Systems, Inc. / GaSonics International Corp. / October 25, 2000

  .
Kulicke & Soffa Industries, Inc. / Cerprobe Corp. / October 12, 2000

  .
MKS Instruments, Inc. / Applied Science & Technology, Inc. / October 2,

  .
ASM Lithography Holding N.V. / Silicon Valley Group, Inc. / October 2,

  .
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. / Engineering Measurements Company /
    July 6, 2000

  .
Mattson Technology, Inc. / CFM Technologies, Inc. / June 28, 2000

  .
Mattson Technology, Inc. / STEAG Electronic Sys.
AG--Semi. Equip.
Div. /
    June 28, 2000

  .
Credence Systems Corporation / TMT. Inc. / March 13, 2000

  .
Veeco Instruments, Inc. / CVC, Inc. / February 29, 2000

  .
Applied Materials, Inc. / ETEC Systems, Inc. / January 12, 2000

  .
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. / Quickturn Design Systems, Inc. /
December
    9, 1998

   SG Cowen reviewed the enterprise value paid in the representative
transactions as a multiple of LTM revenues and EBIT, and also examined the
multiples of equity value paid in the representative transactions to book value
and LTM earnings.

   
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of enterprise value to LTM revenues and EBIT, and the
ratio of equity value to book value and LTM earnings.
The information in the
table is based on the closing stock price of IMS and Credence stock on May 14,
2001.

                                  
Multiples Implied for:
                         -----------------------------------------------
                                         Pre-August       Post-August
                            Total            2000             2000
                         Transactions   Transactions     Transactions
                         -------------  
---------------  ---------------  Multiple Implied
                         Mean   Median  Mean    Median   Mean    Median   by exchange ratio
                         -----  ------  
------  -------  
------  -------  
-----------------

Enterprise value as a
 ratio of:
  LTM revenues..........  3.2x   2.2x     4.1x     3.8x    1.8x     1.8x         2.0x
  LTM EBIT..............
15.5x  16.4x       NM       NM      NM       NM        11.2x

Equity value as a ratio
 of:
  Book value............  
4.7x   3.6x     5.9x     7.3x    2.6x     2.6x         2.7x
  LTM earnings.......... 24.5x  26.1x       NM       NM      NM       NM        18.6x
- --------
"NM" means not meaningful.

   
Although the representative transactions were used for comparison purposes,
none of those transactions is directly comparable to the merger, and none of
the companies in those transactions is directly comparable to IMS or Credence.

Accordingly, an analysis of the results of this comparison is not purely
mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in historical and projected financial and operating
characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect
the acquisition value of these companies or IMS to which they are being
compared.

   
Analysis of Premiums Paid in Selected Transactions.
SG Cowen reviewed the
premium of the offer price over the trading prices one trading day and four
weeks prior to the announcement date of the 11 representative transactions in
the semiconductor capital equipment industry and similar technology industries
described above.
The following table presents the premiums of offer prices over
the trading prices one trading day and four weeks prior to the announcement
date for the respective transactions, and the premiums implied for IMS, based
on the exchange ratio.
The information in the table is based on the closing
price of Credence and IMS common stock on May 14, 2001.

                                    
Premiums Paid for:
                         -----------------------------------------------
                                         Pre-August       Post-August
                            Total           2000             2000
                         Transactions   Transactions     Transactions
                         -------------  ---------------  ---------------   
Premium Implied
                         Mean   Median  Mean    Median   Mean    Median   by Exchange Ratio
                         -----  ------  
------  -------  
------  -------  
-----------------

Premiums Paid to Stock
 Price:
  One trading day prior
   to announcement......  44.1%  42.3%    40.5%    34.7%   48.6%    50.1%        58.4%
  Four weeks prior to
   announcement.........  
69.9%  53.8%    90.3%    93.3%   44.3%    40.9%        69.3%

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
SG Cowen estimated a range of values for IMS
common stock based upon the discounted present value of the projected after-tax
cash flows of IMS described in the financial forecasts based on Wall Street
analyst research and provided by management of IMS, and in the financial
forecasts on a fully taxed basis, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001
through December 31, 2005, and of the terminal value of IMS at December 31,
2005, based upon multiples of earnings before interest expense, taxes, and
depreciation and amortization (referred to as EBITDA).
After-tax cash flow was
calculated by taking projected EBIT and subtracting from this amount projected
taxes, capital expenditures, software development costs, service spare parts,
changes in working capital and changes in other assets and liabilities and
adding back

projected depreciation and amortization.
This analysis was based upon
assumptions described by, projections supplied by and discussions held with the
management of IMS.
In performing this analysis, SG Cowen utilized discount
rates ranging from 14% to 20%, which were selected based on the estimated
industry weighted average cost of capital.
SG Cowen utilized terminal multiples
of EBITDA ranging from 5.0 times to 9.0 times, representing the general range
of multiples of EBITDA for the selected companies.

   
Utilizing this methodology, the per share equity value of IMS ranged from
$17.43 to $30.01 per share, based on the fully taxed financial forecasts.

Because the discounted terminal value accounted for such a high percentage of
the discounted present value of IMS, SG Cowen did not ascribe significance to
this analysis in reaching its opinion.

   
Pro Forma Earnings Analysis.
SG Cowen analyzed the potential effect of the
proposed merger on the projected combined income statement of operations of
Credence and IMS for the quarters ended September 30, 2001 and December 31,
2001 and the calendar years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002 (assuming
Credence's results for the quarters ended October and January correspond to
calendar quarters ended September and December, and year ended January
correspond to year ended December).
This analysis was based upon (1) the
projected financial forecasts of Credence and IMS for Credence and (2)
7,859,597 primary shares of IMS common stock outstanding and options to
purchase 2,407,004 shares of IMS common stock outstanding at a weighted average
exercise price of $9.89 according to IMS as of March 31, 2001.
This analysis,
with IMS' management's consent, used SG Cowen Equity Research estimates dated
April 19, 2001, for IMS' quarters ended September 30, 2001 and December 31,
2001 and calendar year 2001, SG Cowen Equity Research estimates dated April 19,
2001, for Credence's calendar year 2001 and Salomon Smith Barney Equity
Research estimates dated April 19, 2001, for Credence's calendar year 2002.

Additionally, SG Cowen's analysis, with IMS' management's consent, used SG
Cowen Equity Research dated April 19, 2001, for calendar year 2002 to
illustrate a downside case for Credence.

   
This analysis indicated that the proposed merger could increase Credence's
projected earnings per share, on an after-tax basis, for the quarters ended
September 30, 2001 and December 31, 2001 (assuming Credence's results for the
quarters ended October and January correspond to calendar quarters ended
September and December, and year ended October correspond to year ended
December) and calendar year 2001 by $0.02, $0.04, $0.14, respectively, and
decrease Credence's projected earnings per share, on an after-tax basis, for
the calendar year 2002 by $(0.04).
Using SG Cowen Equity Research estimates
dated April 19, 2001 to illustrate a downside case for Credence, the proposed
merger could increase Credence's projected earnings per share, on an after-tax
basis, for the calendar year ended 2002 by $0.06.
SG Cowen's pro forma earnings
analysis did not take into account the possible effect of any cost savings or
synergies in the proposed merger.
The table below summarizes the results.

   
Credence after-tax earnings
   per share                     Accretion/(Dilution) $ Accretion/(Dilution) %
   
---------------------------   ----------------------
----------------------

   Quarter ended September 30,
    2001........................         $ 0.02                    NM
   Quarter ended December 31,
    2001........................         
$ 0.04                    NM

   Calendar Year ended December
    31, 2001....................         $ 0.14                    NM
   Calendar Year ended December
    31, 2002....................         
$(0.04)                 (3.2)%
   Calendar Year ended December
    31, 2002 ...................         $ 0.06                  11.9%
   (Downside Case)

- --------
"NM" means not meaningful.

   
Additionally, SG Cowen performed analysis which indicated that the proposed
merger could decrease IMS' projected earnings per share, on an after-tax basis,
for the quarters ended September 30, 2001 and December 31, 2001 and calendar
year 2001 by $(0.17), $(0.26), $(0.93), respectively, and increase IMS'
projected earnings per share, on an after-tax basis, for the calendar year 2002
by $0.31.
Using SG Cowen Equity Research estimates dated April 19, 2001 to
illustrate a downside case for Credence, the proposed merger

could decrease IMS' projected earnings per share, on an after-tax basis, for
the calendar year ended 2002 by $(0.37).
SG Cowen's pro forma earnings analysis
did not take into account the possible effect of any cost savings or synergies
in the proposed merger.
The table below summarizes the results.

   
IMS after-tax earnings per
   share                         Accretion/(Dilution) $ Accretion/(Dilution)
%
   --------------------------    ----------------------
----------------------

   Quarter ended September 30,
    2001........................         $(0.17)                (183.5)%
   Quarter ended December 31,
    2001........................         
$(0.26)                (103.9)%

   Calendar Year ended December
    31, 2001....................         
$(0.93)                (141.2)%
   Calendar Year ended December
    31, 2002....................         $ 0.31                   33.8 %
   Calendar Year ended December
    31, 2002....................         
$(0.37)                 (40.2)%
   (Downside Case)

   
The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of
all the analyses performed by SG Cowen.
The preparation of a fairness opinion
involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analyses and the application of these methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description.
SG Cowen did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor.
Accordingly, notwithstanding the separate factors summarized above, SG
Cowen believes, and has advised the IMS board, that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and the
factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and factors, could
create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.
In performing
its analyses, SG Cowen made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which
are beyond the control of IMS and Credence.
These analyses performed by SG
Cowen are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses.

In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities may
actually be sold.
Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are inherently
subject to uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the
control of the parties or their respective advisors.
None of IMS, Credence, SG
Cowen or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are
materially different from those projected.
The analyses supplied by SG Cowen
and its opinion were among several factors taken into consideration by the IMS
board in making its decision to enter into the merger agreement and should not
be considered as determinative of such decision.

   
SG Cowen was selected by the IMS board to render an opinion to the IMS board
because SG Cowen is a nationally recognized investment banking firm and
because, as part of its investment banking business, SG Cowen is continually
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate
and other purposes.
SG Cowen is providing financial services for IMS for which
it will receive customary fees.
In addition, in the ordinary course of its
business, SG Cowen and its affiliates trade the equity securities of IMS and
Credence for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in these securities.

SG Cowen and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business have from time
to time provided, and in the future may continue to provide, commercial and
investment banking services to IMS and Credence, including serving as a
financial advisor on potential acquisitions and as an underwriter on equity
offerings, and have received and may in the future receive fees for the
rendering of such services.
In particular, SG Cowen has acted as co-managing
underwriter for Credence on its initial public offering in 1993 and subsequent
follow-on offerings in 1994, 1995 and 2000.

   
Pursuant to the SG Cowen engagement letter, if the merger is consummated, SG
Cowen will be entitled to receive a transaction fee based on Credence's closing
share price on the date of completion of the merger.
Based on Credence's
closing share price on May 31, 2001, the transaction fee would be approximately
$2.9 million.
IMS has also agreed to pay a fee of $500,000 to SG Cowen for
rendering its opinion, which fee

shall be credited against any transaction fee paid.
Additionally, IMS has
agreed to reimburse SG Cowen for its out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorneys' fees, and has agreed to indemnify SG Cowen against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.
The terms
of the fee arrangement with SG Cowen, which are customary in transactions of
this nature, were negotiated at arm's length between IMS and SG Cowen, and the
IMS board was aware of the arrangement, including the fact that a significant
portion of the fee payable to SG Cowen is contingent upon the completion of the
transaction.


Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger

   The merger will be completed when all of the conditions of the merger are
satisfied or waived, including approval of the merger agreement by the IMS
shareholders.
The merger will become effective upon the filing of the articles
of merger with the Secretary of State for the State of Oregon.

   
We are working towards completing the merger as quickly as possible.
We hope
to complete the merger by the end of July 2001.
Because the merger is subject
to government approvals, we cannot predict the exact timing.


Structure of the Merger and Conversion of IMS Common Stock

   In accordance with the merger agreement and Oregon law, Iguana Acquisition
Corporation, a newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Credence, will be
merged with and into IMS.
As a result of the merger, the separate corporate
existence of Iguana Acquisition Corporation will cease and IMS will survive the
merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Credence.
Upon consummation of the
merger, the members of IMS' board of directors will be Graham J. Siddall, John
R. Detwiler and Keith L. Barnes.
The membership of the Credence board of
directors will remain unchanged as a result of the merger.
Following the
merger, the officers of IMS will be Mr. Barnes (President), Fred Hall (Vice
President-Finance) and Mr. Detwiler (Vice President and Assistant Secretary).

   
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of IMS common stock
will automatically be canceled and converted into the right to receive 0.90
shares of Credence common stock (subject to adjustment to reflect the effect of
any stock split, stock dividend, reorganization or similar change in Credence
or IMS common stock).
A corresponding right to purchase shares of Credence
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share,
pursuant to a Rights Agreement dated as of June 2, 1998 between Credence and
BankBoston, N.A. will accompany each share of Credence common stock.
The number
of shares of Credence common stock issuable in the merger will be
proportionately adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, reorganization or
similar change in IMS common stock or Credence common stock effected between
the date of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger.

   
No fractional shares of Credence common stock will be issued in connection
with the merger.
In lieu of a fraction of a share of Credence common stock, you
will receive an amount of cash equal to the product of the fraction multiplied
by the average closing price for a share of Credence common stock as quoted on
the Nasdaq National Market for the last ten trading days ending on the third
full trading day prior to the completion of the merger.


Exchange of IMS Stock Certificates for Credence Stock Certificates

   Once the merger is completed, Credence's transfer agent, EquiServe, who will
act as exchange agent, will mail to you a letter of transmittal and
instructions for use in surrendering your IMS stock certificates in exchange
for Credence stock certificates.
When you deliver your IMS stock certificates
to the exchange agent along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and
any other required documents, your IMS stock certificates will be canceled and
you will receive Credence stock certificates (except in the case of IMS stock
held subject to vesting or repurchase rights which will be held in book form)
representing the number of full shares of Credence common stock to which you
are entitled under the merger agreement (and cash in lieu of fractional
shares).

   
YOU SHOULD NOT SUBMIT YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR EXCHANGE UNTIL YOU HAVE
RECEIVED THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND INSTRUCTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE.

   
You are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on
Credence common stock with a record date after the merger is completed until
you have surrendered your IMS stock certificates in exchange for Credence stock
certificates.

   
If there is any dividend or other distribution on Credence common stock with
a record date after the merger and a payment date prior to the date you
surrender your IMS stock certificates in exchange for Credence stock
certificates, you will receive it with respect to the whole shares of Credence
common stock issued to you promptly after your IMS stock certificates are
surrendered, without interest.
If there is any dividend or other distribution
on Credence common stock with a record date after the merger and a payment date
after the date you surrender your IMS stock certificates in exchange for
Credence stock certificates, you will receive it with respect to the whole
shares of Credence common stock issued to you promptly after the payment date
related to such dividend or other distribution.

   
Credence will only issue a Credence stock certificate, or a check in lieu of
a fractional share, in a name other than the name in which a surrendered IMS
stock certificate is registered, if you present the exchange agent with all
documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and
show that you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes.


Treatment of IMS Stock Options and Stock Incentive Plans

   Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding option to purchase shares of
IMS common stock issued under IMS' 1995 Stock Incentive Plan, 1995 Stock Option
Plan for Non-Employee Directors and 2000 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan will be
assumed by Credence regardless of whether the options are vested or unvested.

Each IMS stock option, which will be assumed by Credence, will continue to have
the same terms, and be subject to the same conditions, that were applicable to
the option immediately prior to completion of the merger, except that:

  .
each IMS stock option will be exercisable for shares of Credence common
    stock;

  .
the number of shares of Credence common stock issuable upon exercise of
    any given IMS option will be determined by multiplying the exchange ratio
    of 0.90 by the number of shares of IMS common stock underlying the
    option, rounded down to the nearest whole number;

  .
the per share exercise price of any given option will be determined by
    dividing the exercise price of the option immediately prior to completion
    of the merger by the exchange ratio of 0.90, rounded up to the nearest
    whole cent; and

  .
As of June 4, 2001, directors and executive officers of IMS held stock
    options, both vested and unvested, to purchase an aggregate of 1,313,747
    shares of IMS common stock under the 1995 Stock Incentive Plan and the
    1995 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors.
If the merger is
    completed, approximately 39% of that total, consisting of the options to
    purchase 505,935 shares held by Keith L. Barnes, Donald E. Grant and Fred
    Hall, will accelerate and become fully vested and exercisable
    immediately, pursuant to their existing employment agreements, without
    any action by IMS or Credence.
See "--Interests of IMS Directors,
    Officers and Affiliates in the Merger" herein.

   
Credence has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 covering
shares of Credence common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding IMS
options granted to individuals for which a registration statement on Form S-8
is available.


Treatment of Options Outstanding under the IMS 1995 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan

   Upon completion of the merger, each option to purchase shares under the IMS
1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be assumed by Credence.
Each
outstanding option to be assumed will be subject to the same terms and
conditions existing under the IMS 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
immediately prior to the merger, except that when each outstanding option
under the IMS 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is exercised on January 31,
2002, each participant shall be issued shares of Credence common stock instead
of IMS common stock and the purchase price will be the participant's price
pursuant to the terms of the IMS 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, adjusted
as necessary to reflect the exchange ratio of 0.90.
The IMS 1995 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan will terminate on January 31, 2002 following such purchase
date.
IMS employees who presently participate in the IMS 1995 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan and meet the eligibility requirements for participation in
Credence's Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be eligible to participate in the
plan as of the first entry date following January 31, 2002.


Other Provisions of the Merger Agreement

  Representations and Warranties

   IMS and Credence each made a number of representations and warranties in
the merger agreement regarding authority to enter into the merger agreement
and to consummate the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
and with regard to aspects of their respective business, financial condition,
structure and other facts pertinent to the merger.

   
The representations given by IMS cover the following topics as they relate
to IMS and its subsidiaries:

  .
IMS' valid organization and qualification, power and authority to conduct
    business;

  .
IMS' capitalization;

  .
authorization of the merger and the transaction agreements by IMS;

  .
the absence of conflicts with the organizational documents of IMS and its
    subsidiaries with any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, or
    other agreement or any instrument, permit, concession, franchise,
    license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
    regulation;

  .
the obtaining of all consents, approvals, orders or authorizations of or
    registration, declaration of or filing with any governmental authorities
    or instrumentalities or stock exchange required to enter into the merger
    agreement or consummate the merger;

  .
IMS' filings and reports with the SEC;

  .
IMS' financial statements;

  .
changes in IMS' business since March 31, 2001;

  .
absence of undisclosed liabilities;

  .
pending or threatened litigation involving IMS;

  .
absence of restrictions on IMS' business activities;

  .
the possession of and compliance with governmental permits, licenses and
    other authorizations;

  .
title to the properties owned or leased;

  .
intellectual property used, owned and licensed by IMS and infringement of
    intellectual property rights;

  .
compliance with environmental laws;

  .
matters relating to taxes;

  .
matters relating to employee benefit plans;

  .
matters relating to employees and the effect of the merger on obligations
    to employees, officers and directors;

  .
transactions with interested parties;

  .
insurance coverage;

  .
compliance with applicable laws;

  .
brokers' and finders' fees incurred in connection with the merger;

  .
information supplied by IMS in this proxy statement/prospectus and the
    related registration statement of Credence;

  .
the opinion of IMS' financial advisor;

  .
the vote required of the IMS shareholders to approve the merger;

  .
authorization and recommendation of the merger by the IMS board of
    directors;

  .
the agreement of Cadence to vote for approval of the merger;

  .
the inapplicability of state anti-takeover and control share statutes to
    the merger;

  .
certain IMS customers and suppliers;

  .
the absence of violations or defaults under IMS' organizational
    documents, judgments, decrees or orders binding on IMS or any agreement,
    note, mortgage, indenture, contract, lease, instrument, permit,
    concession, franchise or license to which IMS is a party or by which it
    is bound;

  .
IMS' compliance with export control laws;

  .
treatment of the merger as a pooling of interests and a reorganization
    for tax purposes;

  .
IMS affiliates;

  .
the accuracy and completeness of the disclosure provided by IMS; and

  .
the inapplicability of IMS' rights agreement to the merger.

   
The representations given by Credence cover the following topics as they
relate to Credence:

  .
valid organization, good standing, qualification, power and authority to
    conduct the business of Credence and Iguana Acquisition Corporation;

  .
capitalization of Credence and Iguana Acquisition Corporation;

  .
authorization of the merger by Credence and Iguana Acquisition
    Corporation;

  .
the absence of conflicts with the organizational documents of Credence
    with any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, or other
    agreement or any instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license,
    judgment, order, decree, statute, laws, ordinance, rules or regulations;

  .
the obtaining of all consents, approvals, orders or authorizations of, or
    registration, declaration of or filing with any governmental authorities
    or instrumentalities or stock exchanges required to enter into the merger
    agreement or consummate the merger;

  .
Credence's filings and reports with the SEC;

  .
Credence's financial statements;

  .
absence of undisclosed liabilities;

  .
pending or threatened litigation involving Credence;

  .
brokers' and finders' fees incurred in connection with the merger;

  .
information supplied by Credence and Iguana Acquisition Corporation in
    this proxy statement/ prospectus and the related registration statement
    of Credence;

  .
authorization by Credence's board of directors;

  .
treatment of the merger as a pooling of interests and a reorganization
    for tax purposes;

  .
changes in Credence's business since January 31, 2001; and

  .
Credence's compliance with applicable laws.

   
This is only a summary.
You are urged to carefully read the articles in the
merger agreement and the amendment thereto, attached as Appendix A1 and
Appendix A2 to this proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Representations and
Warranties of Company" and "Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger
Sub."

 IMS' Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Merger

   IMS agreed that until the completion of the merger, the termination of the
merger agreement, or unless Credence consents in writing, IMS and its
subsidiaries will pay their respective debts and taxes when due and will
operate their respective businesses in the ordinary course and consistent with
their past practices, and otherwise use their commercially reasonable best
efforts consistent with past practices to preserve their businesses so as to:

  .
preserve their assets and current business organizations;

  .
keep available the services of their current officers and key employees;
    and

  .
maintain their relationships with:

   .
customers;

   .
suppliers;

   .
distributors;

   .
licensors;

   .
licensees; and

   .
others having business dealings with them.

   
IMS also agreed to promptly notify Credence of any material event which
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on IMS or the
occurrence of events outside the usual course of business.
IMS also agreed that
until the completion of the merger, termination of the merger agreement, or
unless Credence consents in writing, IMS and its subsidiaries will conduct
their business in compliance with certain restrictions relating to the
following:

  .
modifications of IMS' or its subsidiaries' articles of incorporation or
    bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents);

  .
the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

  .
the modification of any stock option plans;

  .
the execution, modification or waiver of material contracts or
    commitments;

  .
the issuance, encumbrance or redemption of securities, except for:

   .
the issuance of IMS common stock pursuant to the exercise of
     outstanding options, warrants or other rights therefor outstanding as
     of the date of the merger agreement;

   .
limited grants of stock options under IMS' stock option plans; and

   .
repurchases of IMS common stock from certain employees, directors and
     consultants in connection with their termination of service;

  .
the transfer or license of intellectual property;

  .
the granting or amendment of exclusive rights with respect to products or
    technology of IMS or its subsidiaries;

  .
the disposition of any properties or assets that are material to IMS' or
    its subsidiaries' businesses;

  .
the incurrence or guarantee of indebtedness for borrowed money;

  .
the execution of material operating leases;

  .
the payment of obligations over a specified amount and other than in the
    ordinary course of business;

  .
capital expenditures over a specified amount;

  .
the reduction of insurance coverage;

  .
the waiver, termination, or assignment of any material right or claim;

  .
employment of senior employees, or adoption or amendment of employee
    benefits and option plans or remuneration paid to employees, consultants
    or directors;

  .
the execution of any employment contracts or collective bargaining
    agreements;

  .
creation of severance arrangements;

  .
commencement of any lawsuit other than routine collection matters;

  .
the acquisition of other business entities or making of investments in
    other business entities;

  .
making or altering any tax elections or settling any tax liabilities;

  .
the revaluation of assets other than in the ordinary course of business;
    and

  .
changing the accounting policies and procedures of IMS and its
    subsidiaries.

   
This is only a summary.
You are urged to carefully read the article in the
merger agreement entitled "Conduct Prior to the Effective Time" in Appendix A1
to the proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Conditions to the Merger

   Credence's and IMS' respective obligations to complete the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions before completion of
the merger:

  .
the merger agreement and the merger must be approved by the holders of
    67% of the outstanding shares of IMS common stock;

  .
Credence's registration statement registering the shares to be issued in
    the merger must have been declared effective by the SEC and remain
    effective and the SEC shall not have threatened actions or otherwise
    taken steps challenging such effectiveness;

  .
no law, regulation, or order shall have been enacted or issued which has
    the effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
    completion of the merger;

  .
Credence, Iguana Acquisition Corporation and IMS shall have received all
    approvals, waivers, or consents required under United States federal and
    state securities laws and any other approvals, waivers, or consents
    necessary to complete the merger, which if not obtained would have a
    material adverse effect on Credence or IMS following the merger;

  .
all applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act shall have expired or
    been terminated;

  .
Credence and IMS each shall have received the opinion of their respective
    tax counsel to the effect that the merger will constitute a
    reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
    Revenue Code; and

  .
the shares of Credence common stock to be issued in the merger, and upon
    exercise of the IMS options assumed by Credence, must have been approved
    for listing on the Nasdaq National Market.

   
IMS' obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver
by IMS, of each of the following additional conditions before completion of the
merger:

  .
Credence's representations and warranties must be true and correct when
    made and as of the closing of the merger, except (i) representations made
    as of a particular date, which need to be true and correct only as of
    that date, and (ii) for failures to be true and correct which (without
    regard to materiality qualifications) do not have a material adverse
    effect on Credence, as confirmed in a certificate executed on behalf of
    Credence;

  .
Credence and Iguana Acquisition Corporation shall have complied in all
    material respects with all covenants, obligations and conditions of the
    merger agreement required to be performed and complied with by them, as
    confirmed in a certificate executed on behalf of Credence; and

  .
no material adverse effect with respect to Credence, or event or
    circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in a material
    adverse effect, shall have occurred and it or its effects not have been
    cured.

   
Credence's and Iguana Acquisition Corporation's obligations to complete the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Credence, of each of the following
additional conditions before completion of the merger:

  .
IMS' representations and warranties must be true and correct when made
    and as of the closing of the merger, except (i) representations made as
    of a particular date, which need to be true and correct only as of that
    date, and (ii) for failures to be true and correct which (without regard
    to materiality qualifications) do not have a material adverse effect on
    IMS, and under certain circumstances, on the merger, as confirmed in a
    certificate executed on behalf of IMS;

  .
IMS shall have complied in all material respects with all covenants,
    obligations and conditions of the merger agreement required to be
    performed and complied with by it, as confirmed in a certificate executed
    on behalf of IMS;

  .
no material adverse effect with respect to IMS, or event or circumstance
    that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect,
    shall have occurred and it or its effects not have been cured;

  .
Credence shall have been provided with evidence that IMS has obtained all
    necessary third-party consents under its material contracts or other
    material consents required for the consummation of the merger;

  .
no injunctions, or restraining orders, or other orders shall have been
    imposed, or shall be threatened or pending, which would limit or restrict
    Credence's conduct or operation of IMS' business following the merger;

  .
employment agreements with certain key IMS employees shall have been
    executed and delivered to Credence;

  .
Cadence shall have delivered to Credence an executed shareholder
    agreement;

  .
the affiliates of IMS shall have delivered to Credence executed affiliate
    agreements; and

  .
the directors of IMS, other than Keith L. Barnes, shall have delivered
    executed resignation letters to Credence.

   
As used in the merger agreement a "material adverse effect" with respect to
any person means any event, matter, change, condition, circumstance, or effect
that is materially adverse to the condition or prospects (financial or
otherwise), properties, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities,
business, operations or results of operations of such person and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, but disregarding:

  .
decreases, in and of themselves, in trading price or volume of IMS or
    Credence common stock;

  .
general changes in the automatic test equipment or integrated circuit
    validation systems markets or general changes in economic conditions that
    affect such person and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; or

  .
the loss of customers or suppliers, or loss or reduction of orders or
    shipments from customers or suppliers, to the extent those losses arise
    after the date of the merger agreement and are primarily attributable to
    the announcement or pendency of the merger.

 
Termination of the Merger Agreement

   At any time prior to the completion of the merger, the merger agreement may
be terminated and the merger abandoned:

  .
by mutual consent of the boards of directors of Credence and IMS;

  .
by either Credence or IMS, if:

   .
the closing shall not have occurred on or before November 16, 2001,
     which final date may at the request of either party, subject to certain
     limitations as set forth in the merger agreement, be extended to
     December 31, 2001 if the closing is delayed due to:

    .
the failure of the registration statement relating to the issuance of
      Credence shares in the merger to be declared, or remain, effective or
      the SEC having threatened action or taken steps to challenge that
      effectiveness;

    .
the failure to obtain required approvals, consents, or waivers with
      respect to the securities laws or other material consents, waivers,
      or approvals; or

    .
the waiting period under the HSR Act shall not have elapsed or
      terminated;

   .
any permanent injunction or other order of a court or other competent
     authority preventing the consummation of the merger shall have become
     final and nonappealable; or

   .
any required approval of the IMS shareholders shall not have been
     obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote upon a
     vote held at a duly held meeting of shareholders or at any adjournment
     thereof, subject to certain exceptions with respect to IMS as set forth
     in the merger agreement.

  .
by Credence, if:

   .
unless cured within ten business days of receipt of written notice, IMS
     shall have breached any of its representations or warranties in a
     manner that has a material adverse effect on IMS, or IMS shall have
     breached in any material respect any other obligation;

   .
unless cured within ten business days of receipt of written notice,
     IMS' rights plan or Oregon's anti-takeover statute causes a material
     adverse effect in any material respect on the consummation of the
     merger;

   .
unless cured within ten business days of receipt of written notice, a
     material adverse effect with respect to IMS, or an event or
     circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in a material
     adverse effect, shall have occurred;

   .
if a trigger event (as further explained below) or takeover proposal
     has occurred and the board of directors of IMS does not within 10
     business days of such occurrence:

    .
reconfirm its recommendation, without conditions, of the approval of
      the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and

    .
reject such takeover proposal or trigger event (in the case of a
      takeover proposal or trigger event involving a tender or exchange
      offer);

   .
the IMS board of directors shall have failed to recommend, without
     conditions, that IMS shareholders vote to approve the merger and the
     merger agreement, or shall have withdrawn or modified that
     recommendation in a manner adverse to Credence or shall have resolved
     to do any of the foregoing or shall have failed to reaffirm its
     recommendation within 10 business days of a written request to do so by
     Credence;

   .
the IMS board of directors shall have recommended, endorsed, approved,
     accepted or agreed to a takeover proposal, or shall have entered into
     any letter of intent or similar document or agreement relating to a
     takeover proposal, or shall have resolved to do any of the foregoing;

   .
any IMS representative shall have solicited, initiated, encouraged,
     facilitated, or entered into any agreement in respect of any takeover
     proposal, or engaged in any discussions or negotiations with, or
     disclosed any nonpublic information relating to IMS or any of its
     subsidiaries to, or afforded access to the properties, books or records
     of IMS or any of its subsidiaries to, any person that has advised IMS
     that it is seeking to make, or that the board of directors in good
     faith understands is seeking to make, or that since the date of the
     merger agreement has made, a takeover proposal, except as permitted by
     the merger agreement;

   .
IMS shall have endorsed, approved or recommended any takeover proposal,
     except as permitted by the merger agreement; or

   .
IMS shall have failed to take all action necessary to convene the
     special meeting of its shareholders on a date no later than 45 days
     after the registration statement of which this proxy
     statement/prospectus is a part is declared effective, or IMS otherwise
     shall have failed to comply with its obligations to convene the
     shareholder's meeting or solicit votes in favor of the approval of the
     merger;

  .
by IMS, if:

   .
unless cured within ten business days of receipt of written notice,
     Credence shall have breached any of its representations, warranties in
     a manner that has a material adverse effect on Credence, or Credence
     shall have breached in any material respect any other obligation; or

   .
unless cured within ten business days of receipt of written notice, a
     material adverse effect with respect to Credence, or an event or
     circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in a material
     adverse effect, shall have occurred.

   
If the merger agreement is terminated, then it will be of no further effect
and none of the parties to the merger agreement will have any liability or
obligations in respect thereof, except for liabilities relating to:

  .
breaches of confidentiality obligations;

  .
obligations to pay expenses and termination fees under the merger
    agreement; and

  .
breaches of representations, warranties and covenants.

   
For purposes of the merger agreement, a "trigger event" occurs if any
person, other than a shareholder party to an enforceable shareholder's
agreement, acquires securities representing 15% or more of the voting power of
IMS, or commences a tender or exchange offer, open market purchase program or
other publicly announced initiative following the successful consummation of
which the offeror and its affiliates would beneficially own securities
representing 15% or more of the voting power of IMS.

   
For purposes of the merger agreement, a "takeover proposal" means any
agreement, offer or proposal (whether written or oral) for:

  .
a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, or other
    business combination involving IMS or any of its subsidiaries;

  .
a tender offer for IMS;

  .
the acquisition of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of any class of
    capital stock of IMS; or

  .
the acquisition of a significant portion of the assets of IMS or any of
    its subsidiaries;

other than, in each case, the merger.

 
Payment of Termination Fees and Expenses

   Whether or not the merger is consummated, the merger agreement provides that
each party will bear its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger agreement and the merger, except that the following expenses shall be
shared equally by Credence and IMS:

  .
expenses incurred in connection with printing this proxy
    statement/prospectus;

  .
registration and filing fees incurred in connection with this proxy
    statement/prospectus;

  .
the listing of additional shares;

  .
fees, costs and expenses, associated with compliance with applicable
    state securities laws in connection with the merger; and

  .
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with HSR Act filings.

   
In addition to any expenses otherwise payable, IMS is required by the merger
agreement to pay Credence a termination fee of $8 million in the event that
Credence terminates the merger agreement because:

  .
a trigger event or takeover proposal has occurred and the board of
    directors of IMS, if requested by Credence, does not within 10 business
    days of that occurrence: (i) reconfirm its recommendation, without
    conditions, of the approval of the merger agreement and the transactions
    contemplated thereby; and (ii) reject the takeover proposal or trigger
    event (in the case of a takeover proposal or trigger event involving a
    tender or exchange offer);

  .
the IMS board of directors shall have failed to recommend, without
    conditions, that IMS shareholders vote to approve the merger and the
    merger agreement, or shall have withdrawn or modified or conditioned that
    recommendation in a manner adverse to Credence, or shall have resolved to
    do any of the foregoing, or shall have failed to reaffirm its
    recommendation within 10 business days of a written request to do so by
    Credence;

  .
the IMS board of directors shall have recommended, endorsed, approved,
    accepted, or agreed to a takeover proposal, or shall have entered into
    any letter of intent or similar document or agreement relating to a
    takeover proposal, or shall have resolved to do any of the foregoing;

  .
any IMS representative shall have solicited, initiated, encouraged,
    facilitated or entered into any agreement in respect of any takeover
    proposal or engaged in any discussions or negotiations with, or disclosed
    any nonpublic information relating to IMS or any of its subsidiaries to,
    or afforded access to the properties, books or records of IMS or any of
    its subsidiaries to, any person that has advised IMS that it is seeking
    to make, or that the board of directors of IMS in good faith understands
    is seeking to make, or that since the date of the merger agreement has
    made, a takeover proposal;

  .
IMS shall have endorsed, approved or recommended any takeover proposal,
    except as permitted by the merger agreement; or

  .
IMS shall have failed to take all action necessary to convene the special
    meeting of its shareholders on a date no later than 45 days after the
    registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part
    is declared effective, or IMS otherwise shall have failed to comply with
    its obligations to convene the shareholders' meeting or solicit votes in
    favor of the approval of the merger.


The payment of that termination fee does not limit any remedies available to
Credence for a willful breach of the merger agreement by IMS or its
subsidiaries.

   
In addition to any expenses otherwise payable, IMS is required by the merger
agreement to pay Credence a termination fee of $1 million in the event that
either Credence or IMS terminates the merger agreement because:

  .
the closing shall not have occurred on or before November 16, 2001, which
    final date may at the request of either party, subject to certain
    limitations as set forth in the merger agreement, be extended to December
    31, 2001 if the closing is delayed due to:

   .
the failure of the registration statement relating to the issuance of
     Credence shares in the merger to be declared, or remain, effective or
     the SEC having threatened action or taken steps to challenge that
     effectiveness;

   .
the failure to obtain required approvals, consents, or waivers with
     respect to the securities laws or other material consents, waivers, or
     approvals;

   .
the waiting period under the HSR Act shall not have elapsed or
     terminated; or

  .
if any required approval of the IMS shareholders shall not have been
    obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote upon a vote
    held at a duly held meeting of shareholders or at any adjournment
    thereof, subject to certain exceptions with respect to IMS as set forth
    in the merger agreement;

and prior to that termination there had been a trigger event or takeover
proposal that has not been withdrawn (or if withdrawn, the withdrawal was not
made early enough as to no longer prejudice the IMS shareholders' consideration
of the merger).

   
Further, if within 12 months of a termination entitling payment of the $1
million termination fee described above any takeover proposal or trigger event
is consummated, IMS is required pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement
to pay Credence an additional $7 million.
The payment of those termination fees
will not limit any remedies available to Credence for a willful breach of the
merger agreement by IMS or its subsidiaries.

   
For purposes of the preceding paragraph, the "consummation" of a takeover
proposal shall occur on the date a definitive written agreement is entered into
with respect to: a merger or other business combination involving IMS, or the
acquisition of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of any class of capital
stock of IMS, or sale or transfer of any material assets (excluding the sale or
disposition of assets in the ordinary course of business) of IMS or any of its
subsidiaries.
For purposes of the preceding paragraph, "consummation" of a
trigger event shall occur on the date any person (other than any shareholder
which currently owns 15% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
IMS, provided that such shareholder does not increase its ownership) or any of
its affiliates or associates would beneficially own securities representing 15%
or more of the voting power of IMS, following a tender or exchange offer.

   
If Credence terminates the merger agreement because:

  .
IMS shall have breached any of its representations or warranties in a
    manner that has a material adverse effect on IMS, or breached in any
    material respect any other obligation; or

  .
IMS' rights plan or Oregon's anti-takeover statute causes a material
    adverse effect in any material respect on the consummation of the merger;

IMS is required pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement to reimburse
Credence's out-of-pocket costs and expenses, in an amount not to exceed $1
million.
The payment of these costs and expenses will not limit any remedies
available to Credence for a willful breach of the merger agreement by IMS or
its subsidiaries, any of these payments in respect of costs and expenses will
be reduced by the amount of any termination fee paid to Credence and described
above.

   
If IMS terminates the merger agreement because:

  .
Credence shall have breached any of its representations or warranties in
    a manner that has a material adverse effect on Credence, or breached in
    any material respect any other obligation;

Credence is required pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement to reimburse
IMS' out-of-pocket costs and expenses, in an amount not to exceed $1 million.

The payment of these costs and expenses will not limit any remedies available
to IMS for a willful breach of the merger agreement by Credence or its
subsidiaries.

 
No Solicitation of Transactions

   Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated, IMS has
agreed not to directly or indirectly take any of the following actions:

  .
solicit, initiate, encourage, facilitate, or enter into any letter of
    intent or other agreement in respect of any takeover proposal;

  .
engage in discussions or negotiations with, or disclose any nonpublic
    information relating to IMS or any of its subsidiaries to, or afford
    access to the properties, books or records of IMS or any of its
    subsidiaries to, any person that has advised IMS that it is seeking to
    make, or that the board of directors of IMS in good faith understands is
    seeking to make, or that since the date of the merger agreement has made,
    a takeover proposal; or

  .
endorse, approve or recommend any takeover proposal.

   
However, these restrictions do not prevent the board of directors of IMS
from taking and disclosing to the IMS shareholders a position with respect to a
tender offer or otherwise complying with their obligations pursuant to Rules
14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

   
Furthermore, if prior to approval of the merger by IMS' shareholders, IMS
has received an unsolicited written takeover proposal and the board of
directors of IMS:

  .
believes in good faith in the proper exercise of their fiduciary duties
    and after receiving advice from their financial advisors and taking into
    account all of the terms of the proposal including the likelihood and
    timing of the consummation of such proposal, that such proposal will
    result in a transaction more favorable than the merger to the IMS
    shareholders from a financial point of view (any such proposal being
    referred to in the merger agreement as a "superior proposal"); and

  .
determines in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel,
    that it is necessary for the board in order to comply with its fiduciary
    duties to the shareholders of IMS under applicable law;

then IMS, or its representatives, may:

  .
furnish information to the person making such superior proposal and
    disclose to such person non-public information concerning IMS and its
    subsidiaries, provided that any such disclosure is made on terms at least
    as restrictive as those contained in the confidentiality agreement
    entered between IMS and Credence;

  .
engage in negotiations with the person making such superior proposal;

  .
endorse, or approve, or recommend the superior proposal; or

  .
withdraw, condition or modify its recommendation of the approval of the
    merger.

   
IMS is obligated to immediately notify Credence of the receipt of any
takeover proposal or requests for access to information, books or records or
non-public information from any person who has advised IMS that it is intending
to make, or has made a takeover proposal or whose efforts to formulate a
takeover proposal would be assisted thereby.

   
IMS is further obligated to inform Credence of its determination that there
is a superior proposal, to provide true and complete copies of the superior
proposal and also to provide copies of all non-public information or documents
provided to the person making the superior proposal, and to keep Credence
informed of the status of the superior proposal.
Additionally, IMS is required
to give Credence at least three days prior notice of any decision to endorse or
recommend a superior proposal or to withdraw, condition or modify its
recommendation of the merger.

   
By executing the merger agreement, IMS has also agreed that it will end any
discussion of takeover proposals, with anyone other than Credence, existing at
the date of the merger agreement.

 
Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

   The board of directors of either party may amend the merger agreement at any
time by execution of a written amendment signed on behalf of each of the
parties to the merger agreement.
In addition, at any time prior to the
completion of the merger, either party may:

  .
extend the other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or
    other acts under the merger agreement;

  .
waive any inaccuracies in the other's representations and warranties; and

  .
waive compliance by the other with any of the agreements or conditions
    contained in the merger agreement.

 
Further Assurances

   Both IMS and Credence are required to use their respective reasonable best
efforts to fulfill the conditions to closing of the merger, to effectuate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to provide such documents
and do such things as may be reasonably required by the other party for such
purposes and to consummate the merger.

 
Benefit Plans and Programs

   Credence and IMS intend that employees of IMS and its subsidiaries after the
merger will have substantially similar benefits, by either continuing in
current IMS plans or participating in Credence's benefit plans and programs.

Participation in Credence benefit plans would be on the same terms applicable
to similarly situated employees of Credence and to the extent that such plans
and programs provide the following benefits:

  .
medical/dental/vision care;

  .
life insurance;

  .
disability income;

  .
sick pay;

  .
holiday and vacation pay;

  .
401(k) plan coverage;

  .
Internal Revenue Code Section 125 benefit arrangements

  .
bonus, profit-sharing or other incentive plans;

  .
pension or retirement programs, including a nonqualified deferred
    compensation program;

  .
dependent care assistance; and

  .
severance benefits.

   
Each employee of IMS will be given credit, for purposes of any service
requirements for participation in Credence benefit plans or programs or
vesting, for his or her period of service with IMS or any of its subsidiaries
credited under a similar plan prior to completion of the merger, subject to
appropriate break in service rules.
Each continuing employee will, with respect
to any Credence plans or programs which have co-payment, deductible or other
co-insurance features, receive credit for any amounts such individual has paid
to date in the plan year of the merger under comparable plans or programs
maintained by IMS or any of its subsidiaries prior to the merger.

   
Each employee of IMS and eligible dependent who, upon completion of the
merger, was participating in an employee group health plan maintained by IMS or
any of its subsidiaries will not be excluded from Credence's employee group
health plan or limited in coverage thereunder by reason of any waiting period
restriction or pre-existing condition limitation.
Unless Credence consents, IMS
is required to take all action necessary to terminate, or cause to terminate,
before the completion of the merger, any IMS benefit plan that is a 401(k) plan
or other defined contribution retirement plan.


Related Agreements

 Shareholder Agreement

   In connection with the merger, Cadence has entered into a shareholder
agreement with Credence.
The terms of the shareholder agreement provides that
Cadence will vote all shares of IMS common stock beneficially owned by it in
favor of the approval of the merger agreement and requires Cadence to vote
against any other takeover proposals.
The shareholder agreement terminates of
the earlier of the completion of the merger or the termination of the merger
agreement pursuant to its terms.

   
The shareholder agreement also requires Cadence to deliver an irrevocable
proxy to Credence.
The irrevocable proxy enables Credence to vote Cadence's
shares to approve the merger and enables Credence to vote Cadence's shares
against any other takeover proposals.
As of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, Cadence beneficially owned 2,559,000 shares (exclusive of
any shares issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants held by any
officer, director or employee of Cadence) of IMS common stock, which
represented approximately 32% of the outstanding IMS common stock as of the
record date.

 
Amendment to IMS Shareholder Rights Agreement

   In connection with the merger agreement, IMS executed an amendment to its
rights agreement, dated March 25, 1998, by and between IMS and Mellon Investor
Services, LLC (formerly ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, LLC) (the "rights
agreement") pursuant to which Credence, Iguana Acquisition Corporation and
Cadence shall not be deemed Acquiring Persons (as defined in the rights
agreement) under the terms of the rights agreement by virtue of the approval,
execution, delivery, or performance of the merger agreement or the shareholder
agreement and pursuant to which the execution, delivery and the performance of
the merger agreement or shareholder agreement shall not result in a
Distribution Date (as defined in the rights agreement).


Operations Following the Merger

   Following the merger, IMS will continue its operations as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Credence.
Upon consummation of the merger, the members of IMS'
board of directors will be Graham J. Siddall, John R.

Detwiler and Keith L. Barnes.
The membership of the Credence board of directors
will remain unchanged as a result of the merger.
Following the merger, the
officers of IMS will be Mr. Barnes (President), Fred Hall (Vice President-
Finance) and Mr. Detwiler (Vice President and Assistant Secretary).
The
shareholders of IMS will become stockholders of Credence, and their rights as
stockholders will be governed by Credence's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws and the laws of the State of Delaware.
The day-to-day operations of IMS
following the merger will be the responsibility of its officers and directors.

In addition, provided certain ongoing revenue target levels are met or
exceeded, it is the intention of Credence to maintain existing headcount and
compensation levels of IMS employees.

   
It is the current intent of Credence and IMS that the existing headoffice of
IMS at Gemini Drive, Beaverton, Oregon, will be maintained as the headoffice of
IMS following the merger through February 29, 2004, the end of the current term
of the lease of such premises, and that headoffice employees of IMS will not be
relocated without either their approval or the unanimous approval of the board
of directors of IMS.
It is the intention of the parties that IMS will continue
to use its existing brands on its current products following the merger.


Indemnification of Officers and Directors and Liability Insurance

   The merger agreement provides that all rights to indemnification existing in
favor of directors and officers of IMS as of the date of the merger agreement
for their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the merger
will survive the merger and will be observed by the surviving corporation to
the fullest extent available under Oregon law for a period of six years.
The
articles of incorporation and the bylaws of the surviving corporation will also
continue for a period of six years (subject to restrictions under applicable
law) to contain provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification of
officers and directors at least as favorable overall to those persons as the
provisions contained in IMS' current articles of incorporation and bylaws.

   
In addition, the merger agreement provides that for a period of six years
after the completion of the merger, the surviving corporation will maintain,
for the benefit of the directors and officers of IMS as of the date of the
mergers with respect to their acts and omissions, in their capacities as
directors and officers of IMS occurring prior to completion of the merger,
directors' and officers' liability insurance on terms comparable to those
maintained by IMS as of the date of the merger agreement.


Interests of IMS Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger

   
In considering the recommendation of the IMS board of directors, you should
be aware that certain directors and officers of IMS have interests in the
merger which are different from, or in addition to, yours.
The IMS board of
directors was aware of these potential conflicts when considering their
approval and recommendation of the merger.
These interests include the
following:

  .
As of June 4, 2001, directors, executive officers and affiliates of IMS
    (including Cadence) held approximately 34% of the outstanding shares of
    IMS common stock entitled to vote.

  .
As of June 4, 2001, non-employee directors of IMS beneficially owned
    stock options, vested and unvested, to purchase an aggregate of 204,722
    shares of IMS common stock.
The merger agreement requires all members of
    IMS' board of directors other than Keith L. Barnes to resign from the
    board as of completion of the merger.
Each of the directors who are
    required to resign have existing consulting and indemnity agreements with
    IMS which provide that upon resignation from the board of directors as
    part of IMS' process of merging with another entity, IMS remains
    obligated to continue to engage the director as a consultant.
Upon
    completion of the merger, the following non-employee directors will be
    offered the opportunity to consult for IMS.
The following chart
    indicates, as of June 4, 2001, the number of unvested options held by the
    six non-employee directors, however this number will decrease

   monthly (next on June 30, 2001) as unvested options vest automatically in
   accordance with the terms of the stock options plans pursuant to which
   those options were originally granted:

                                                       # of Vested # of Unvested
        Name                                           IMS Options  IMS Options
        ----                                           -----------
-------------

      C. Scott Gibson.................................   40,112       11,888
      James E. Solomon................................   40,112       11,888
      Milton R. Smith.................................   13,834       11,888
      Paul A. Gary....................................   18,418       12,582
      Michael Bosworth................................    2,500       12,500
      Tom Franz.......................................   15,306       13,694

  .
As of June 4, 2001, executive officers (including the only employee
    director, Keith L. Barnes) beneficially owned stock options (some of
    which are vested and unexercised, and the balance of which are unvested)
    to purchase an aggregate of 1,109,025 shares of IMS common stock.
Upon
    completion of the merger, the portion of unvested stock options noted
    held by the following executive officers will accelerate and become fully
    vested and exercisable upon existing employment agreements as shown
    below:

                                                            % of All Unvested
                                        # of IMS Option      Options Held By
        Name                          Shares Accelerating Executive Accelerating
        ----                          
-------------------
----------------------

      Keith L. Barnes................       337,605                100%
      Donald E. Grant................        81,250                 66%
      Fred Hall......................        87,080                100%

  .
Two officers of IMS, W. Barry Baril, Chief Technical Officer, and Gwyn
    Harvey, Vice President of Human Resources, have existing employment
    agreements with IMS that provide that in the event such officer's
    employment is terminated without cause within one year after a sale of a
    majority of the voting stock of IMS, then the vesting of IMS options held
    by the officer will accelerate.
If the employment of Mr. Baril or Ms.
    Harvey were to be terminated without cause within one year following
    completion of the merger, their unvested options totaling, as of June 4,
    2001 56,246 shares and 22,227 shares, respectively, will immediately vest
    and become exercisable.

  .
Following completion of the merger, Credence intends to grant an
    aggregate of 250,000 options to purchase shares of Credence common stock
    to certain employees of IMS, including certain of its executive officers,
    as shown below:

                                                                   # of Credence
        Name                                          Title        Option Grants
        ----                                    ------------------
-------------

      Keith L. Barnes.......................... Chairman and CEO      35,000
      Donald E. Grant.......................... President and COO     30,000
      Fred Hall................................ CFO                   30,000
      W. Barry Baril...........................
CTO                   25,000
      Michael Evon............................. VP Worldwide Sales     7,500

  .
The acceleration of the vesting of options upon the merger and any other
    payments in the nature of compensation to certain employees or
    independent contractors of IMS that are contingent upon or made in
    connection with the merger may result in "excess parachute payments" as
    defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.
Excess parachute
    payments are not deductible in accordance with Section 280G. As a result,
    neither Credence nor IMS will be entitled to a tax deduction for the
    amounts determined to be excess parachute payments.
The amount of the
    lost deduction will depend, in part, on the value of the shares at the
    time of the merger, the number of option shares being accelerated, and
    the amount of any other payments in the nature of compensation that are
    contingent upon or deemed to be made in connection with the merger.
Any
    payments required to be made pursuant to Section 280G of the Code will be
    treated as transaction expenses.
In accordance with Section 4999 of the
    Internal

   Revenue Code, the employee or independent contractor that receives an
   excess parachute payment must pay a federal excise tax (in addition to all
   other income taxes imposed on the payment) equal to 20% of the amount of
   the excess parachute payment.

  .
IMS, based on advice from an outside consultant, has conducted an
    analysis to ascertain whether any payments or acceleration of options
    made to Keith L. Barnes, Fred Hall or Donald E. Grant could result in
    excess parachute payments under Section 280G. IMS believes that as a
    result of its analysis, no excess parachute payments would be made as a
    result of the merger.
This result could change, however, if the trading
    price of IMS common stock subject to the accelerated stock options
    exceeded $23 per share, in the case of Mr. Grant, or $24 per share, in
    the case of either Mr. Barnes or Mr. Hall.

  .
The merger agreement provides for the continuation of indemnification
    arrangements in favor of and maintenance of insurance coverage in respect
    of, directors and officers of IMS for their acts and omissions occurring
    prior to the completion of the merger.
Please see the section above
    entitled "Indemnification of Officers and Directors and Liability
    Insurance" on page 67 of this proxy statement/prospectus.


Antitrust Approval

   The merger is subject to the requirements of the HSR Act.
The HSR Act
requires both parties to file written notification of the proposed merger with
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission, and to provide each of those agencies with certain information and
documentary materials for their review.
The HSR Act also prohibits the parties
from closing the merger transaction until certain waiting periods end or
expire.
The initial waiting period is 30 days after both parties have made
their written filings and provided the information and documentary materials
required.

   
Credence and IMS expect to make their HSR Act filings on June 6, 2001, and
the initial waiting period therefore will expire at 11:59 p.m.
Eastern
Daylight Time on July 6, 2001.
The requirements of the HSR Act will be
satisfied if the merger is completed within one year from the termination of
the waiting period.

   
However, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal
Trade Commission may issue, during the initial waiting period, a second
request to the parties, requiring them to submit additional information and
documentary materials.
If such a second request were to be issued, it would
extend the waiting period until a date 30 days after Credence and IMS
substantially complied with their obligations under the second request.

   
In addition, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the
Federal Trade Commission could challenge the merger on antitrust grounds
either before or after expiration of the waiting period.
Accordingly, at any
time before or after the completion of the merger, either the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission could
take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, or other persons could take action under the antitrust laws,
including seeking to enjoin the merger.
Additionally, at any time before or
after the completion of the merger, notwithstanding that the applicable
waiting period expired or ended, any state could take action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest.

There can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger will not be made or
that, if a challenge is made, we will be successful in opposing it.

   
In addition, Credence and IMS may need to obtain approval for the merger in
foreign jurisdictions depending upon the extent to which IMS and/or Credence
conducts business in these jurisdictions and the statutory requirements of
each of these jurisdictions.


Material Federal Income Tax Considerations

   The following discussion describes the material United States federal
income tax considerations that are generally applicable to holders of IMS
common stock who exchange IMS common stock for Credence common stock pursuant
to the merger and does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all
potential

tax considerations relevant to a decision whether to vote in favor of the
merger.
This discussion is based on currently existing provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, existing and proposed Treasury regulations promulgated
thereunder and current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which
are subject to change.
Any change, which may or may not be retroactive, could
alter the tax consequences to IMS shareholders as described herein.

   
IMS shareholders should be aware that this discussion does not deal with all
federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to particular IMS
shareholders in light of their particular circumstances, such as shareholders
who:

  .
are dealers in securities;

  .
are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Internal
    Revenue Code;

  .
are foreign persons; or

  .
acquired their shares in connection with stock option or stock purchase
    plans or in other compensatory transactions.

   
In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the merger under foreign, state or local tax laws, the tax consequences of
transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the
merger (whether or not any such transactions are undertaken in connection with
the merger), including without limitation any transaction in which shares of
IMS common stock are acquired or shares of Credence common stock are disposed
of, the tax consequences of the assumption by Credence of the outstanding IMS
stock options or the tax consequences of the receipt of rights to acquire
Credence common stock.
Accordingly, IMS SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR
OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER,
INCLUDING THE APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES.

   
The merger is intended to constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
If the merger does qualify as a
reorganization, then, subject to the limitations and qualifications referred to
herein, the merger will generally result in the following federal income tax
consequences to the IMS shareholders:

  .
no gain or loss will be recognized by holders of IMS common stock solely
    upon their receipt of Credence common stock in exchange for IMS common
    stock in the merger (except to the extent of cash received in lieu of a
    fractional share of Credence common stock);

  .
the aggregate tax basis of the Credence common stock received by IMS
    shareholders in the merger (including any tax basis attributable to
    fractional shares deemed to be disposed of) will be the same as the
    aggregate tax basis of the IMS common stock surrendered in exchange
    therefor;

  .
the holding period of the Credence common stock received by each IMS
    shareholder in the merger will include the period for which the IMS
    common stock surrendered in exchange therefor was considered to be held,
    provided that the IMS common stock so surrendered is held as a capital
    asset at the time of the merger; and

  .
cash payments received by holders of IMS common stock in lieu of a
    fractional share will be treated as if the fractional share of Credence
    common stock had been issued in the merger and then redeemed by Credence.
    
An IMS shareholder receiving cash payments will recognize gain or loss,
    upon payment, measured by the difference, if any, between the amount of
    cash received and that shareholder's basis in the fractional share.

   
The parties are not requesting and will not request a ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service as to the tax consequences of the merger.
The
consummation of the merger is conditioned on the receipt by Credence of an
opinion from Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP and the receipt by IMS of an
opinion from Ater Wynne LLP

to the effect that the merger will constitute a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
IMS shareholders should
be aware that the tax opinions do not bind the Internal Revenue Service, and
the Internal Revenue Service is, therefore, not precluded from successfully
asserting a contrary opinion.
The tax opinions will be subject to certain
assumptions and qualifications, including the truth and accuracy of certain
representations made by Credence, IMS and Iguana Acquisition Corporation.

   
A successful Internal Revenue Service challenge to the reorganization status
of the merger would result in IMS shareholders recognizing taxable gain or loss
with respect to each share of common stock of IMS surrendered equal to the
difference between the shareholder's basis in the share and the sum of the
amount of cash, if any, and the fair market value, as of completion of the
merger, of the Credence common stock received in exchange therefor.
In this
event, a shareholder's aggregate basis in the Credence common stock so received
would equal its fair market value, and the shareholder's capital gains holding
period for such stock would begin the day after the merger.


Accounting Treatment

   Credence intends to account for the merger as a pooling of interests
business combination and the parties have agreed to use their reasonable best
efforts to cause the merger to be accounted for in this manner.
Additionally,
IMS has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from its
accountants, Arthur Andersen LLC, confirmation that IMS qualifies as a party to
a merger to be accounted for as a pooling of interests business combination.

Although Credence intends to account for the merger as a pooling of interests
business combination, that accounting treatment is not a condition to
completion of the merger.


No Dissenters' Rights

   You are not entitled to exercise dissenters' rights as a result of the
merger or to demand payment for your shares under Oregon law.


Restrictions on Sale of Shares by Affiliates of IMS

   The shares of Credence common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Credence common
stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of IMS at the time
of the special shareholders meeting.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates
include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under
common control of IMS and may include some of IMS' officers and directors, as
well as its principal shareholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares of
Credence common stock acquired in connection with the merger except pursuant
to:

  .
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
    resale of those shares;

  .
an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

  .
another applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

   
Credence's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of
Credence common stock to be received by affiliates in the merger.
Credence has
offered limited registration rights to certain parties who may be deemed to be
affiliates of IMS which may be utilized if those affiliates are unable to sell
their shares of Credence common stock acquired in the merger under Rules 144
and 145 under the Securities Act.
In addition, in connection with accounting
for the merger as a pooling-of-interests, IMS' affiliates will not be able to
sell their shares of Credence common stock received in the merger from the date
beginning 30 days prior to the completion of the merger until Credence releases
earnings containing at least 30 days of earnings of the combined company.

                  
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS OF IMS
                          AND STOCKHOLDERS OF CREDENCE

   The following discussion of certain similarities and material differences
between the rights of Credence stockholders and the rights of IMS shareholders
under their respective certificate/articles of incorporation and bylaws is only
a summary of certain provisions and does not purport to be a complete
description of the similarities and differences, and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Delaware law and the Oregon law and the full text
of the certificate/articles of incorporation and bylaws of each of Credence and
IMS.

   
This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes certain differences
between the rights of holders of Credence common stock and IMS common stock.

While we believe that the description covers the material differences between
the two, this summary may not contain all of the information that is important
to you.
You should carefully read this entire document and the other documents
we refer to for a more complete understanding of the differences between being
a stockholder of Credence and being a shareholder of IMS .
When reading this
description, please note that Delaware law refers to holders of common stock as
stockholders while Oregon law uses the term shareholder.
The two terms mean the
same thing in practice and for all practical purposes may be used
interchangeably; however, we generally have used the term "stockholder" when
referring to holders of Credence common stock or to Delaware law and
"shareholder" when referring to holders of IMS common stock or to Oregon law.

   
As a shareholder of IMS, your rights are governed by IMS' amended and
restated articles of incorporation and IMS' second restated bylaws.
After
completion of the merger, you will become a stockholder of Credence.
As a
Credence stockholder, your rights will be governed by Credence's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and Credence's bylaws.
In addition,
Credence is incorporated in Delaware while IMS is incorporated in Oregon.

Although the rights and privileges of stockholders of a Delaware corporation
are in many instances comparable to those of shareholders of an Oregon
corporation, there are also differences.


Power to Call Special Meetings of Shareholders

   Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
board of directors or any other person as may be provided in the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws.
The Credence bylaws provide that special meetings of
the stockholders may be called at any time by a majority of the board of
directors, the President, or by stockholders owning at least 10% in amount of
the entire capital stock of Credence issued and outstanding and entitled to
vote.

   
Under Oregon law, a special meeting of shareholders may be called by the
board of directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the articles
of incorporation or the bylaws, or by written demand by the holders of at least
10% of all votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at
any such meeting.
The IMS bylaws provide that a special meeting of shareholders
may be called at any time by the board of directors, the President, or by the
holders of not less than 10% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the
meeting.


Shareholder Action without a Meeting

   Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation, any action which may be taken at a meeting of the stockholders
may also be taken without a meeting and without prior notice of a meeting if a
consent in writing is obtained.
This consent needs to be signed by holders of
outstanding shares having at least the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote
thereon were present and voted.
However, the Credence certificate of
incorporation modifies this general rule and specifically provides that no
action shall be taken by the stockholders except at an annual or special
meeting called in accordance with the bylaws.

   
Under Oregon law and the IMS bylaws, any action required or permitted to be
taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if a
consent in writing is signed by all shareholders entitled to vote on the
action.


Bylaws

   Under Delaware law, a corporation's bylaws may be adopted, amended or
repealed by the stockholders of the corporation.
However, under Delaware law, a
corporation may also, in its certificate of incorporation, confer the power to
adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws upon the directors, subject to the
stockholders' right to do the same and the Credence certificate of
incorporation so provides.

   
Under Oregon law, a corporation's bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed
either by the board of directors or the stockholders of the corporation, unless
the corporation's articles of incorporation provide that the stockholders
solely have the power to amend or repeal the bylaws, or the stockholders, in
amending or repealing a particular bylaw, provide expressly that the board of
directors may not amend or repeal that bylaw.
The IMS articles of incorporation
do not restrict the power to amend or repeal any bylaws solely to the
shareholders and consequently the IMS board of directors may also amend, repeal
and adopt bylaws, subject to repeal or change by action of the stockholders.


Size of the Board of Directors

   Under Delaware law, the number of directors is fixed by, or in the manner
provided for in, the bylaws, unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the
number of directors.
The Credence certificate of incorporation provides that
the number of directors shall be designated in the bylaws.
Credence currently
has six directors and the size of the board can be changed by the board without
a stockholder vote.

   
Under Oregon law, the number of directors may be fixed in either the
articles of incorporation or bylaws.
The board of directors or the shareholders
of an Oregon corporation may change the number of directors (within any minimum
and maximum range established by the articles of incorporation or bylaws).
If
the articles of incorporation establish a fixed or variable range, then, after
shares are issued, only the shareholders may change the range for the size of
the board or change from a fixed or variable-ranged size board by amendment to
the corporation's articles of incorporation.
The articles of incorporation of
IMS do not currently specify the number of directors.
The IMS bylaws currently
provide that IMS shall have not less than three nor more than twelve directors,
with the IMS board of directors having the right to set the specific number by
resolution.
Currently IMS has seven directors.


Classification of the Board of Directors

   A classified board is one in which a certain number of directors, but not
necessarily all, are elected on a rotating basis each year.
Delaware law
permits, but does not require, a classified board of directors, in which the
directors can be divided into as many as three classes with staggered terms of
office, with only one class of directors standing for election each year.
The
Credence certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for three classes of
directors with staggered three-year terms.

   
If there are six or more directors, Oregon law permits, but does not
require, an Oregon corporation to provide in its articles of incorporation or
bylaws for a classified board of directors, in which the directors can be
divided into up to three classes of directors with staggered terms of office,
with only one class of directors standing for election each year.
The IMS
bylaws provide, in the event the number of directors is six or more, for three
classes of directors with staggered three-year terms.
Currently, IMS has seven
directors.


Cumulative Voting

   In an election of directors under cumulative voting, each share of stock
normally having one vote is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number
of directors to be elected.
A shareholder/stockholder may

then cast all such votes for a single candidate or may allocate them among as
many candidates as the shareholder/stockholder may choose.
Without cumulative
voting, the holders of a majority of the shares present at an annual meeting or
any special meeting held to elect directors would have the power to elect all
the directors to be elected at that meeting, and no person could be elected
without the support of holders of a majority of the shares voting at such
meeting.
Under Delaware law, cumulative voting in the election of directors is
not mandatory but is a permitted option.
The Credence certificate of
incorporation and bylaws do not permit cumulative voting.
Under Oregon law,
shareholders do not have a right to cumulative voting unless the articles of
incorporation provide otherwise.
The IMS articles of incorporation do not
provide for cumulative voting.


Dissenters' and Appraisal Rights

   Under Oregon law and Delaware law, a shareholder/stockholder of a
corporation engaging in certain major corporate transactions (such as business
combinations) may, under various circumstances, be entitled to dissenters'
rights/appraisal rights pursuant to which such shareholder/stockholder may
receive cash in the amount of the fair value of the shares held by such
shareholder/stockholder, as determined by a court or by agreement of the
corporation and the shareholder/stockholder.
This payment is made instead of
the consideration such shareholder/stockholder would otherwise receive in the
relevant corporate transaction.

   
Under Delaware law, the fair value of shares is determined without regard to
any value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation.
Under Delaware law, appraisal rights are not available in the
following situations:

  .
with respect to a merger or consolidation by a corporation the shares of
    which are either listed on a national securities exchange or designated
    as a national market system security or are held of record by more than
    2,000 holders, and if such stockholders receive only shares of the
    surviving corporation, or shares of any other corporation that are either
    listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national
    market system security or held of record by more than 2,000 holders, plus
    cash in lieu of fractional shares of such corporations; or

  .
to stockholders of a corporation or parent corporation surviving a merger
    if no vote of the stockholders of the that corporation is required to
    approve the merger under Delaware law.

   
Under Oregon law, unless a corporation's articles of incorporation provide
otherwise, dissenters' rights are generally not available to holders of shares
of any class or series of stock in connection with a merger if the shares of
the class or series were registered on a national securities exchange or quoted
on Nasdaq as a national market system security on the record date for the
meeting at which the merger is to be approved or on the date a copy or summary
of the plan of merger is mailed to the shareholders.
IMS' articles of
incorporation do not provide otherwise.

   
Dissenters' rights are not available to the IMS shareholders with respect to
the merger between IMS and Credence.


Special Meetings of the Board of Directors

   Under the Credence bylaws, meetings of Credence's board of directors may be
called by the President, or any two directors.
Notice is required to be given
two days in advance.

   
Oregon law provides that, unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws set
forth a longer or shorter period, special meetings of a corporation's board of
directors must be preceded by at least two days' notice of the date, time and
place of the meeting.
The IMS bylaws stipulate that special meetings of the
board of directors may be called by the President or any director then in
office.
Notice is required to be given three days in advance by any means
provided by law.


Dividends and Repurchases of Shares

   Delaware law permits a corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in
its certificate of incorporation, to declare and pay dividends out of capital
surplus or, if there is no capital surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal
year in which the dividend is declared and/or for the preceding fiscal year.

However, the directors of a corporation may not pay any dividends out of net
profits if the capital of the corporation has been diminished by depreciation
in the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less
than the aggregate amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding
stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets.

Capital is determined by the board of directors, but may not be less than the
aggregate par value of the outstanding capital stock of the corporation having
par value.
In addition, Delaware law generally provides that a corporation may
redeem or repurchase its shares only if the capital of the corporation is not
impaired and the redemption or repurchase would not impair the capital of the
corporation.

   
The Credence certificate of incorporation does not allow the corporation to
pay any dividend with respect to the common stock without the prior approval of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any.

Credence currently does not have any shares of preferred stock outstanding.

   
Oregon law permits a corporation, unless otherwise restricted by its
articles of incorporation, to make distributions to its shareholders, if both
of the following factors are, in the judgment of the directors, satisfied:

  .
the corporation would be able to pay its debts as they come due in the
    usual course of business; and

  .
the corporation's total assets would at least equal the sum of its total
    liabilities plus, unless the articles of incorporation permit otherwise,
    the amount that would be needed if the corporation were dissolved at the
    time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon
    dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to
    those receiving the distribution.

   
The IMS articles of incorporation do not otherwise restrict the ability of
its board of directors to make distributions to its shareholders.
In addition,
Oregon law generally provides that a corporation may redeem or repurchase its
shares.


Derivative Actions

   Derivative actions may be brought under Delaware law by a stockholder on
behalf of, and for the benefit of, the corporation, if the stockholder was a
stockholder, or received stock by operation of law from someone who was a
stockholder, of the corporation at the time of the transaction of which he or
she complains.
A stockholder may not sue derivatively unless he first makes
demand on the corporation that it bring suit and such demand has been refused,
unless it is shown that such demand would have been futile.

   
Oregon law provides that a shareholder bringing a derivative action on
behalf of the corporation must have been a shareholder, or received shares
through transfer by operation of law from someone who was a shareholder, at the
time of the transaction in question.
A complaint in a proceeding brought in the
right of a corporation must allege with particularity the demand made, if any,
to obtain action by the board of directors and either that the demand was
refused or ignored or why a demand was not made.
Whether or not a demand for
action was made, if the corporation commences an investigation of the charges
made in the complaint, the court may stay any proceeding until the
investigation is completed.


Limitation of Liability of Directors; Indemnification

   Under the Credence certificate of incorporation, directors are indemnified
by the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability:

  .
for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or
    its stockholders;

  .
for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
    misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

  .
for which indemnification is prohibited by Delaware law; or

  .
for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal
    benefit.

   
Delaware law also generally permits indemnification of expenses, including
attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred in the defense or settlement
of a derivative or third-party action, provided there is a determination by a
majority vote of disinterested directors, by a committee of directors
designated by a majority of the directors, by independent legal counsel in a
written opinion, or by the stockholders that the person seeking indemnification
acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in best interests
of the corporation and, with respect to a criminal action, had no reasonable
cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
Without court approval, however, no
indemnification may be made in respect of any derivative action in which such
person is adjudged liable to the corporation.
Delaware law requires
indemnification of expenses to the extent the individual being indemnified has
successfully defended any action, claim, issue or matter therein, on the merits
or otherwise.

   
Expenses incurred by an officer or director in defending any action may be
paid in advance, under Delaware law, if such director or officer undertakes to
repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not
entitled to indemnification.
In addition, Delaware law authorizes a
corporation's purchase of indemnity insurance for the benefit of its officers,
directors, employees and agents whether or not the corporation would have the
power to indemnify against the liability covered by the policy.

   
The indemnification and expense advancement provisions under Delaware law
described above are not exclusive of other rights of indemnification and
advancement that a director or officer may be granted by a corporation in its
bylaws, by agreement, or by a stockholder vote or vote of disinterested
directors.

   
Under Oregon law, a corporation's articles of incorporation may set forth a
provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the
corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for conduct as a director.

However, such provisions may not eliminate or limit a director's liability for:

  .
any act or omission occurring prior to the date when such provision
    becomes effective;

  .
breaches of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
    shareholders;

  .
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
    misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

  .
the payment of unlawful distributions; or

  .
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
    benefit.

   
The IMS articles of incorporation contain provisions eliminating a
director's or officer's liability to the fullest extent permitted by Oregon
law.

   
Under Oregon law, a corporation may, subject to the limitations described
below, indemnify a director against liability incurred if the conduct was in
good faith, the individual reasonably believed the individual's conduct was in
the best interests of the corporation, or at least not opposed to its best
interests and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, the individual had no
reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful.
Under Oregon law, a
director may not be indemnified in connection with a proceeding by or in the
right of the corporation in which the director was found liable to the
corporation or in connection with any other proceeding charging improper
personal benefit to the director in which the director was found liable on the
basis that personal benefit was improperly received.
Oregon law provides for
mandatory indemnification of directors when the indemnified party is wholly
successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any proceeding to which
the director was a party because of being a director.


Inspection of Stockholder List

   Delaware law allows any stockholder to inspect the stockholder list for a
purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder.
Delaware
law also provides for inspection rights of the list of

stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting within a ten day period preceding a
stockholders' meeting for any purpose germane to the meeting.

   
Oregon law allows any shareholder to inspect the shareholder list for a
proper purpose upon five days written notice to the corporation of such
request.
Oregon law also allows any shareholder to inspect the shareholder list
beginning two business days after notice of a meeting is given for which the
list was prepared and continuing through the meeting.


Removal of Directors

   Under Delaware law, any director or the entire board of directors of a
corporation may be removed, with or without cause, with the approval of a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an election of
directors, except that unless the certificate of incorporation provides
otherwise, in the case of a classified board, the directors can only be removed
by the stockholders for cause.
The Credence certificate of incorporation does
not provide otherwise.

   
Under Oregon law, any director of an Oregon corporation may be removed, with
or without cause, by the shareholders unless the articles of incorporation
provide that directors may only be removed for cause.
A director may be removed
only if the number of votes cast to remove the director exceed the votes cast
not to remove the director.
Furthermore, a director may be removed by the
shareholders only at a meeting called for the purpose of removing the director
and the meeting notice must state that the purpose of the meeting is to remove
a director.
The IMS bylaws provide that any or all directors may be removed
only for cause and at a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that
purpose, by the vote of 75% of the votes entitled to be cast for the election
of directors.


Transactions Involving Officers and Directors

   Under Delaware law, any corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any
obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the
corporation, including any officer or employee who is also a director of the
corporation, whenever, in the judgment of the directors, such loan, guaranty,
or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation.

Furthermore, under Delaware law, a corporation may enter into contracts or
otherwise engage in transactions with its directors or a corporation of which
any of its directors is also a director, however:

  .
the material facts as to the transaction and as to any director's
    relationship or interest needs to be disclosed or known to the board of
    directors, committee of the board of directors or the stockholders
    entitled to vote thereon, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the
    disinterested directors on the board or committee or a majority of the
    stockholders entitled to vote thereon, as applicable, need to approve or
    ratify the transaction in good faith; or

  .
the contract or transaction needs to be fair to the corporation at the
    time it was authorized, approved or ratified.

   
An Oregon corporation may loan money to, or guarantee any obligation
incurred by, its directors only if either:

  .
the particular loan or guarantee is approved by a majority of the votes
    represented by the outstanding voting shares of all classes, voting as a
    single voting group, excluding the voting shares owned by or voted under
    the control of the benefited director; or

  .
the board of directors determines such loan or guarantee benefits the
    corporation and the board of directors either approves the specific loan
    or guarantee or a general plan authorizing the loans and guarantees.

   
With respect to any other contract or transaction between the corporation
and one or more of its directors, such transactions may be entered into,
however:

  .
the material facts of the transaction and the director's interest need to
    be disclosed or made known to the board of directors, committee of the
    board of directors or the shareholders of the corporation entitled to
    vote thereon, and the transaction needs to be approved or ratified by a
    majority of the disinterested directors or by the shareholders; or

  .
the contract or transaction needs to be fair to the corporation.

   
Oregon law does not specifically regulate loans to officers or employees.


Approval of Certain Corporate Transactions

   Under both Oregon law and Delaware law, with certain exceptions, any merger,
consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all the assets of a corporation
must be approved by the corporation's board of directors and a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote.
Credence's certificate of incorporation
does not provide otherwise.
IMS' articles of incorporation provide that a
merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of IMS
must be approved by 67% of the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled
to vote thereon.


Class Voting in Certain Corporate Transactions

   Under Delaware law, certain amendments of a corporation's certificate of
incorporation must be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares of each
class of stock, without regard to limitations on voting rights.
With certain
exceptions, any merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a
corporation must be approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
stock of the corporation.
Oregon law does not generally require separate class
votes of all voting classes in order to approve charter amendments and sales of
substantially all the corporate assets.
Oregon law, however, provides that all
classes of stock vote separately on charter amendments, mergers and share
exchanges that affect the rights of holders of such class of stock.


Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders

   Under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a Delaware
corporation is prohibited from engaging in a business combination with an
"interested stockholder," as defined below, for three years following the date
that such person or entity becomes an interested stockholder.
With certain
exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person or entity who or which owns,
individually or with or through certain other persons or entities, 15% or more
of the corporation's outstanding voting stock, including any rights to acquire
stock under an option, warrant, agreement, arrangement or understanding, or
upon the exercise of conversion or exchange rights, and stock with respect to
which the person has voting rights only.
The three-year moratorium imposed by
Section 203 on business combinations does not apply if one or more of the
following applies:

  .
prior to the date on which such stockholder becomes an interested
    stockholder, the board of directors of the subject corporation approves
    either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the
    person or entity becoming an interested stockholder;

  .
upon consummation of the transaction that made him or her an interested
    stockholder, the interested stockholder owns at least 85% of the
    corporation's voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction
    commenced, excluding from the 85% calculation shares owned by directors
    who are also officers of the subject corporation and shares held by
    employee stock plans that do not give employee participants the right to
    decide confidentially whether to accept a tender or exchange offer; or

  .
on or after the date such person or entity becomes an interested
    stockholder, the board of directors approves the business combination and
    it is also approved at a stockholder meeting, and not by written consent,
    by 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested
    stockholder.

   
Although a Delaware corporation to which Section 203 applies may elect not
to be governed by Section 203, Credence has not made any such election.

   
The Oregon Business Corporation Act contains provisions that are essentially
the same as Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Although an
Oregon corporation to which these sections apply may elect not to be governed
by them, IMS has not made such election and therefore is subject to these
provisions.


Dissolution

   Under Delaware law, unless the board of directors approves the proposal to
dissolve, the dissolution must be unanimously approved by all the stockholders
entitled to vote thereon.
Only if the dissolution is initially approved by the
board of directors may the dissolution be approved by a simply majority of the
outstanding shares of the corporation's stock entitled to vote.
In the event of
such a board-initiated dissolution, Delaware law allows a Delaware corporation
to include in its certificate of incorporation a supermajority voting
requirement in connection with dissolutions.
The Credence certificate of
incorporation does not contain such a supermajority voting requirement.

   
Under Oregon law, a dissolution must either be approved by written consent
of all shareholders or be initiated by the board of directors and, unless the
articles of incorporation or the board requires a greater vote or a vote by
voting groups, approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the
proposal for dissolution.
The IMS articles of incorporation contain a provision
requiring the approval of not less than 67% of the outstanding shares of the
corporation entitled to vote for a dissolution of the company.


Control Share Act

   The Oregon Control Share Act generally provides that a person who acquires
control shares cannot vote the shares unless voting rights are approved by both
a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares and
a majority of all votes other than votes of "interested shareholders" entitled
to be cast by holders of voting shares.
Delaware law does not contain an
equivalent to the Oregon Control Share Act.
The IMS bylaws provide that the
provisions of the Oregon Control Share Act shall not apply to acquisitions of
shares of voting stock of IMS.

                                    
EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements of Credence Systems Corporation
appearing in Credence Systems Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended October 31, 2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP,
independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon included therein and
incorporated herein by reference.
Such consolidated financial statements are
incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the
authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The consolidated financial statements and schedules of Integrated
Measurement Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries incorporated by reference in this
prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been audited by
Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as indicated in their
reports with respect thereto, and are included herein in reliance upon the
authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing in giving said
reports.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

   
The validity of the shares of Credence common stock offered by this proxy
statement/prospectus and the federal income tax consequences in connection with
the merger will be passed upon for Credence by Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP,
Palo Alto, California.
Certain legal matters with respect to federal income tax
consequences in connection with the merger will be passed upon for IMS by Ater
Wynne LLP, Portland, Oregon.
Attorneys of the firm Ater Wynne LLP beneficially
own an aggregate of approximately 5,000 shares of IMS' common stock.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   IMS and Credence file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information we file at the SEC's public reference
rooms in Washington, D.C., New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois.
Please
call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
rooms.
Our SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial
document retrieval services and at the Internet website maintained by the SEC
at http://www.sec.gov.

   
Credence filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC
Credence common stock to be issued to IMS stockholders in the merger.
This
proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement and
constitutes the prospectus of Credence as well as being a proxy statement of
IMS for the IMS special meeting.

   
Credence has supplied all the information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Credence and IMS has supplied all such
information relating to IMS.
As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information relating to
Credence and IMS you can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to
the registration statement.

   
Some of the important business and financial information relating to
Credence and IMS that you may want to consider in deciding how to vote is not
included in this proxy statement/prospectus, but rather is "incorporated by
reference" to documents that have been previously filed by Credence and IMS
with the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be a part
of this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by
information contained directly in this proxy statement/prospectus.

   
If you are an IMS shareholder, you can obtain any of the documents
incorporated by reference through Credence, IMS or the SEC.
Documents
incorporated by reference are available from Credence or IMS without charge,
excluding all exhibits.
You may obtain documents incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/prospectus free of charge by requesting them orally or in
writing to the following addresses or by telephone:

    Credence Systems Corporation            Integrated Measurement Systems, Inc.
    Investor Relations Office               Investor Relations
    215 Fourier Avenue                      9525 S.W. Gemini Drive
    Fremont, CA 94539                       Beaverton, OR 97008
    (510) 492-3229                          (503) 626-7117

   To ensure timely delivery, you must make this request no later than five
business days before the special meeting or [   , 2001].

   
You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the merger.
We have not
authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from what
is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus.
You should not assume that the
information contained in the proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any
date other than the date hereof, and neither the mailing of this proxy
statement/prospectus to IMS stockholders nor the issuance of Credence common
stock in the merger shall create any implication to the contrary.

                INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

   Credence and IMS file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy any
document Credence and IMS file at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330
for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room.

Credence's and IMS' SEC filings are also available to the public from
Credence's and IMS' respective web sites at http://www.credence.com or
http://www.ims.com or at the SEC's Web site at http://www.sec.gov.

   
The SEC allows Credence and IMS to "incorporate by reference" the
information each files with the SEC, which means that Credence and IMS can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents.
The
information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and later information filed with the SEC will update and
supersede this information.
Credence and IMS incorporate by reference the
documents listed below and any future filings made with the SEC under Section
13a, 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 until this
merger is completed:

Credence

   1.
Credence's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
31, 2000, filed January 26, 2001, including certain information in Credence's
Definitive Proxy Statement proposal in connection with Credence's 2001 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders;

   2.
Credence's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
January 31, 2001, filed March 15, 2001;

   3.
Credence's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on each of November 30,
2000, May 17, 2001; May 17, 2001 and June 4, 2001;

   4.
the description of Credence's common stock contained in Credence's
Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed under Section 12 of the Exchange Act
with the SEC on September 10, 1993, including any amendment or report filed
for the purpose of updating such description; and

   5.
the description of Credence's Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock contained in Credence's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act with the SEC on June 19, 1998, including any
amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description.


IMS

   1. IMS' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000, filed March 30, 2001, including certain information in IMS' Definitive
Proxy Statement in connection with IMS' 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders;

   2. IMS' Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March
31, 2001, filed May 15, 2001;

   3. IMS' Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2001 and June 5, 2001;

   4. the description of IMS' common stock contained in IMS' Registration
Statement on Form 8-A filed under Section 12 of the Exchange Act with the SEC
on June 21, 1995, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of
updating such description; and

   5.
the description of IMS' Series A Participating Preferred Stock contained
in IMS' Registration Statement on form 8-A filed under Section 12 of the
Exchange Act with the SEC on March 26, 1998, including any amendment or report
filed for the purpose of updating such description.

   
You may request a copy of Credence's and IMS' filings, free of charge, by
writing or telephoning Credence or IMS, as the case may be, at the following
address:

    Credence Systems Corporation            Integrated Measurement Systems, Inc.
    Chief Financial Officer                 Chief Financial Officer
    215 Fourier Avenue                      9525 S.W. Gemini Drive
    Fremont, CA 94539                       Beaverton, OR 97008
    (510) 657-7400                          (503) 626-5353

   You must request this information no later than five business days before
the date of the special meeting or [           , 2001] to ensure timely
delivery.

                                                                     
Appendix A1

                AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

                                  BY AND AMONG

                         CREDENCE SYSTEMS CORPORATION,

                         IGUANA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                      AND

                      INTEGRATED MEASUREMENT SYSTEMS, INC.

                                  
May 16, 2001

                               

                                                                         Page
                                                                         -----

 ARTICLE I THE MERGER...................................................  
A1-1

    1.1  The Merger....................................................   
A1-1
    1.2  Closing; Effective Time.......................................   A1-1
    1.3  Effect of the Merger..........................................   
A1-2
    1.4  Articles of Incorporation; Bylaws.............................   A1-2
    1.5  Directors and Officers........................................   
A1-2
    1.6  Effect on Capital Stock.......................................   
A1-2
    1.7  Surrender of Certificates.....................................   A1-3
    1.8  Termination of Exchange Agent Funding.........................   
A1-4
    1.9  No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock...........   
A1-4
    1.10 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates........................   
A1-4
    1.11 Tax and Accounting Consequences...............................   A1-5
    1.12 Withholding Rights............................................   
A1-5
    1.13 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action....................   A1-5

 ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY...................  
A1-5

    2.1  Organization, Standing and Power..............................   
A1-6
    2.2  Capital Structure.............................................   A1-6
    2.3  Authority.....................................................   
A1-7
    2.4  SEC Documents; Financial Statements...........................   A1-8
    2.5  Absence of Certain Changes....................................   A1-8
    2.6  Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities............................   
A1-9
    2.7  Litigation....................................................   A1-9
    2.8  Restrictions on Business Activities...........................   
A1-9
    2.9  Governmental Authorization....................................   A1-9
    2.10 Title to Property.............................................   
A1-9
    2.11 Intellectual Property.........................................  
A1-10
    2.12 Environmental Matters.........................................  
A1-11
    2.13 Taxes.........................................................  A1-12
    2.14 Employee Benefit Plans........................................  
A1-12
    2.15 Certain Agreements Affected by the Merger.....................  A1-14
    2.16 Employee Matters..............................................  
A1-15
    2.17 Interested Party Transactions.................................  
A1-16
    2.18 Insurance.....................................................  
A1-16
    2.19 Compliance With Laws..........................................  
A1-16
    2.20 Brokers' and Finders' Fees....................................  
A1-17
    2.21 Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus............  
A1-17
    2.22 Opinion of Financial Advisor..................................  
A1-17
    2.23 Vote Required.................................................  
A1-17
    2.24 Board Approval................................................  A1-17
    2.25 Shareholder Agreements; Irrevocable Proxies...................  
A1-17
               Sections 60.835 and 60.801--60.816 of the Oregon Law
Not
    2.26 Applicable....................................................  
A1-17
    2.27 Customers and Suppliers.......................................  
A1-18
    2.28 No Default....................................................  A1-18
    2.29 Export Control Laws...........................................  
A1-18
    2.30 Tax Matters...................................................  A1-18
    2.31 Affiliates....................................................  
A1-18
    2.32 Representations Complete......................................  
A1-18
    2.33 Rights Agreement..............................................  
A1-18

                                       i

                                                                          Page
                                                                          -----

 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB....  
A1-19

    3.1  Organization, Standing and Power..............................   
A1-19
    3.2  Capital Structure.............................................   
A1-19
    3.3  Authority.....................................................   A1-19
    3.4  SEC Documents; Financial Statements...........................   
A1-20
    3.5  Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities............................   A1-20
    3.6  Litigation....................................................   
A1-21
    3.7  Broker's and Finders' Fees....................................   A1-21
    3.8  Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus............   
A1-21
    3.9  Board Approval................................................   A1-21
    3.10 Tax Matters...................................................   
A1-21
    3.11 Absence of Certain Changes....................................   A1-21
    3.12 Compliance With Laws..........................................   
A1-22

 ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME.........................  
A1-22

    4.1  Conduct of Business of Company................................   
A1-22
    4.2  Restrictions on Conduct of Business of Company................   
A1-22
    4.3  No Solicitation...............................................   A1-24

 ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS........................................  
A1-25

    5.1  Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement............   A1-25
    5.2  Meeting of Shareholders.......................................   
A1-26
    5.3  Access to Information.........................................   
A1-26
    5.4  Confidentiality...............................................   
A1-27
    5.5  Public Disclosure.............................................   A1-27
    5.6  Consents; Cooperation.........................................   A1-27
    5.7  Legal Requirements............................................   
A1-28
    5.8  Blue Sky Laws.................................................   
A1-28
    5.9  Employee Benefit Plans........................................   
A1-28
    5.10 Forms S-8.....................................................   
A1-30
    5.11 Listing of Additional Shares..................................   
A1-30
    5.12 Nasdaq Quotation..............................................   A1-30
    5.13 Tax Treatment.................................................   
A1-30
    5.14 Pooling Accounting............................................   
A1-30
    5.15 Pooling Letter................................................   
A1-30
    5.16 Shareholder Litigation........................................   
A1-30
    5.17 Further Assurances............................................   
A1-30
    5.18 Affiliates....................................................   
A1-31
    5.19 Operation of Surviving Corporation............................   A1-31
    5.20 Indemnification of Officers and Directors.....................   
A1-32

 ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER....................................  
A1-33

    6.1  Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger..   
A1-33
    6.2  Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company...............   A1-34
          Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger
    6.3  Sub...........................................................   
A1-34

 ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER..........................  
A1-35

    7.1  Termination...................................................   A1-35
    7.2  Effect of Termination.........................................   
A1-36
    7.3  Expenses and Termination Fees.................................   
A1-36
    7.4  Amendment.....................................................   
A1-37
    7.5  Extension; Waiver.............................................   
A1-37

                                       ii

                                                                           Page
                                                                           -----

 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS..........................................
A1-38

    8.1 Non-Survival at Effective Time...................................  A1-38
    8.2 Notices..........................................................  
A1-38
    8.3 Interpretation...................................................  
A1-39
    8.4 Counterparts.....................................................  A1-39
    8.5 Entire Agreement; Nonassignability; Parties in Interest..........  
A1-39
    8.6 Severability.....................................................  A1-39
    8.7 Remedies Cumulative..............................................  
A1-39
    8.8 Governing Law....................................................  
A1-39
    8.9 Rules of Construction............................................  
A1-39

SCHEDULES

Company Disclosure Schedule
Parent Disclosure Schedule

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A -- Shareholder Agreement
Exhibit B -- Articles of Merger
Exhibit C -- Affiliate Agreement

                                      iii

                AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

   
This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION (this "Agreement") is
made and entered into as of May 16, 2001, by and among Credence Systems
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Iguana Acquisition Corporation,
an Oregon corporation ("Merger Sub") and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and
Integrated Measurement Systems, Inc., an Oregon corporation ("Company").

                                   
RECITALS:

   A.
The Boards of Directors of Company, Parent and Merger Sub believe it is
in the best interests of their respective companies and the shareholders of
their respective companies that Company and Merger Sub combine into a single
company through the statutory merger of Merger Sub with and into Company (the
"Merger") and, in furtherance thereof, have approved the Merger.

   
B. Pursuant to the Merger, among other things, the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock, $0.01 par value ("Company Common Stock"), shall be
converted into shares of Parent Common Stock, $0.001 par value ("Parent Common
Stock"), at the rate set forth herein.

   
C. Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations and
warranties and other agreements in connection with the Merger.

   
D.
The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and to cause the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and use
reasonable best efforts to qualify as a pooling of interests for financial
accounting purposes.

   
E. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement and as an inducement to
Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, certain shareholders of
Company have on the date hereof entered into shareholder agreements in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (each a "Shareholder Agreement") to vote the
shares of Company Common Stock owned by such persons to approve the Merger.

                                   AGREEMENT:

   
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and representations set
forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

                                   
ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

   1.1 The Merger.
At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and
subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Articles of
Merger attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Articles of Merger") and the
applicable provisions of the Business Corporation Act of the State of Oregon
("Oregon Law"), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Company, the separate
corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and Company shall continue as the
surviving corporation.
Company as the surviving corporation after the Merger is
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation."

   1.2 Closing; Effective Time.
The closing of the transactions contemplated
hereby (the "Closing") shall take place as soon as practicable (and in any
event not later than two business days) after the satisfaction or waiver of
each of the conditions set forth in Article VI hereof or at such other time as
the parties hereto agree

                                      A1-1

(the "Closing Date").
The Closing shall take place at the offices of Ater Wynne
LLP, 222 S.W. Columbia Street, Suite 1800, Portland, OR 97201-6018, or at such
other location as the parties hereto agree.
In connection with the Closing, the
parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing the Articles
of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Oregon, in accordance
with the relevant provisions of Oregon Law (the time of the filing of such
document, or such later time as may be agreed to by the parties and set forth
in the Articles of Merger, being the "Effective Time").

   
1.3 Effect of the Merger.
At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Articles of Merger and the
applicable provisions of Oregon Law.
Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all title to all real
estate and other property owned Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, without reversion or impairment, and all obligations,
including contractual, tortious, statutory and administrative obligations,
shall be the obligations of the Surviving Corporation.

   
1.4 Articles of Incorporation; Bylaws.

   (a) At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of Company shall be
amended so as to read in its entirety as set forth in the Plan of Merger
attached to the Articles of Merger and as so amended shall be the Articles of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided
by Oregon Law and such Articles of Incorporation.

   
(b) The Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended.

   1.5 Directors and Officers.
At the Effective Time, the directors of the
Surviving Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time and Keith L. Barnes, in each case until their successors are
elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier resignation or
removal.
The officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be Keith L. Barnes,
(President) Fred Hall (Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary)
and John Detwiler (Vice President and Assistant Secretary) until their
respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or until
their earlier resignation or removal.

   
1.6 Effect on Capital Stock.
By virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of the following
securities:

     (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock.
At the Effective Time, subject
  to Section 1.6(f), each share of Company Common Stock issued and
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares
  of Company Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 1.6(b)) will be
  canceled and extinguished and be converted automatically into the right to
  receive 0.9 shares of Parent Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio").
All
  references in this Agreement to Parent Common Stock to be issued pursuant
  to the Merger shall be deemed to include the corresponding rights to
  purchase stock of Parent pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of June
  2, 1998 between Parent and BankBoston, N.A. (as Rights Agent).

     (b) Cancellation of Company Common Stock Owned by Parent or Company.
At
  the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by
  Company as treasury stock and each share of Company Common Stock owned by
  Parent or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or of
  Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and
  extinguished without any conversion thereof.

     (c) Company Stock Option Plans.
At the Effective Time, Company's 1995
  Stock Incentive Plan, 1995 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors and
  2000 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan (collectively the "Company Stock Option
  Plans") and all options to purchase Company Common Stock then outstanding
  under the Company Stock Option Plans shall be assumed by Parent in
  accordance with Section 5.9.
The Company ESPP (as defined below) shall
  terminate prior to the Effective Time, in accordance with Section 5.9.

                                      
A1-2

     (d) Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
At the Effective Time, each share of
  common stock, $0.001 par value, of Merger Sub ("Merger Sub Common Stock")
  issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
  converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and
  nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, and the
  Surviving Corporation shall be a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
Each
  stock certificate of Merger Sub evidencing ownership of any such shares
  shall continue to evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the
  Surviving Corporation.

     
(e) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.
The Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted
  to reflect fully the effect of any stock split, reverse split, stock
  dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible
  into Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock), reorganization,
  recapitalization or other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock
  or Company Common Stock occurring after the date hereof and prior to the
  Effective Time and of any increase in the number of shares of Company
  Common Stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
  Company Common Stock, issued and outstanding after the date hereof relative
  to such number as derived from Section 2.2 hereof (except to the extent of
  stock options granted in accordance with Section 4.2(e)), so as to provide
  holders of Company Common Stock and Parent the same economic effect as
  contemplated by this Agreement prior to such stock split, reverse split,
  stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, like change or increase.

     (f) Fractional Shares.
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
  will be issued, but in lieu thereof each holder of shares of Company Common
  Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Parent
  Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common
  Stock to be received by such holder) shall receive from Parent an amount of
  cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) equal to the product of (i) such
  fraction, multiplied by (ii) the average closing price of a share of Parent
  Common Stock as quoted on The Nasdaq National Market for the ten (10)
  trading days ending on the third full trading day prior to the Effective
  Time.

   
1.7 Surrender of Certificates.

   (a) Exchange Agent.
Parent's transfer agent shall act as exchange agent (the
"Exchange Agent") in the Merger.

   
(b) Parent to Provide Common Stock and Cash.
Promptly after the Effective
Time, Parent shall make available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in
accordance with this Article I, through such reasonable procedures as Parent
may adopt, (i) the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section
1.6(a) in exchange for shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (provided that delivery of any shares that are
subject to vesting and/or repurchase rights in favor of Company shall be in
book entry form until such vesting and/or repurchase rights lapse) and (ii)
cash in an amount sufficient to permit payment of cash in lieu of fractional
shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f).

   (c) Exchange Procedures.
As soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be mailed to each
holder of record of a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates") which
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock, whose shares were converted into the right to receive
shares of Parent Common Stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) pursuant
to Section 1.6, (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery
shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass,
only upon receipt of the Certificates by the Exchange Agent, and shall be in
such form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for certificates (or book entries in the case of shares that are
subject to vesting and/or repurchase rights in favor of Company) representing
shares of Parent Common Stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares).
Upon
surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such
other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter
of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto, the holder of such Certificate shall be sent in exchange
therefor a certificate (or book entry

                                      A1-3

in the case of shares that are subject to vesting and/or repurchase rights)
representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock and payment in
lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to receive pursuant
to Section 1.6, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.

Until so surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that, prior to the Effective
Time, represented shares of Company Common Stock will be deemed from and after
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon surrender of
such Certificate the merger consideration contemplated by Section 1.6.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no interest will be paid
or will accrue on any cash payable to holders of Certificates pursuant to the
provisions of this Article I.

   (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
No dividends or other
distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the
Effective Time will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with
respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the
holder of record of such Certificate shall surrender such Certificate.
Subject
to applicable law, following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be
paid to the record holder of the certificates representing whole shares of
Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor, without interest, at the time
of such surrender, the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with
a record date after the Effective Time theretofore payable (but for the
provisions of this Section 1.7(d)) with respect to such shares of Parent Common
Stock.

   
(e) Transfers of Ownership.
If any certificate for shares of Parent Common
Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the Certificate
surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of the
issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered will be properly endorsed
and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such
exchange will have paid to Parent or any agent designated by it any transfer or
other taxes required by reason of the issuance of a certificate for shares of
Parent Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Parent or any
agent designated by it that such tax has been paid or is not payable.

   
(f) No Liability.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
1.7, none of the Exchange Agent, the Surviving Corporation, Parent or any party
hereto shall be liable to any person for any amount properly paid to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

   
1.8 Termination of Exchange Agent Funding.
Any portion of funds (including
any interest earned thereon) or certificates for shares of Parent Common Stock
held by the Exchange Agent which have not been delivered to holders of
Certificates pursuant to this Article I within six months after the Effective
Time shall promptly be paid or delivered, as appropriate, to Parent, and
thereafter holders of Certificates who have not theretofore complied with the
exchange procedures set forth in and contemplated by Section 1.7 shall
thereafter look only to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat and
similar laws) for their claim for shares of Parent Common Stock and, only as
general creditors thereof, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock and any dividends or distributions (with a record date after the
Effective Time) with respect to Parent Common Stock to which they are entitled.

   
1.9 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.
All shares of
Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of shares of Company
Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof (including any cash paid in
lieu of fractional shares) shall be deemed to have been issued in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Common Stock,
and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of the
Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock which were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time.