URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320321/000095013401000381/0000950134-01-000381.txt

If purchase of or payment for Shares is
delayed for any reason, or if we are unable to purchase or pay for Shares for
any reason, then, without prejudice to our rights under the Offer, tendered
Shares may be retained by the Depositary on our behalf and may not be withdrawn
except to the extent that tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal
rights as set forth in this Section 4 -- "Withdrawal Rights," subject to Rule
14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which provides that no person who makes a
tender offer shall fail to pay the consideration offered or return the
securities deposited by or on behalf of security holders promptly after the
termination or withdrawal of the Offer.

     
To withdraw Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, a written, telegraphic,
telex or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by
the Depositary at the address set forth on the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase and must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be
withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered
holder(s), if different from the name of the person who tendered such Shares.
If
certificates for Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the release of such certificates,
the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the
Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible
Institution, the signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution.
If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedures
for book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering
Shares," any notice of withdrawal must

also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and must otherwise comply with
such Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures.
We will determine, in our sole
discretion, all questions as to the form and validity (including time of
receipt) of notices of withdrawal, and our determination will be final and
binding on all parties.
None of the Offeror, Parent, the Depositary, the
Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or
incur any liability for failure to give any such notification.

     
Any Shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not validly tendered for
purposes of the Offer, but may be retendered at any subsequent time prior to the
Expiration Date by following any of the procedures described in Section
3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares".

     
If we provide a Subsequent Offering Period following the Offer, no
withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered during such Subsequent Offering
Period or to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment.

     
5.
CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS.  
The following
is a summary of certain United States federal income tax considerations of the
Offer and the Merger to holders whose Shares are purchased pursuant to the Offer
or whose Shares are converted to cash in the Merger (including pursuant to the
exercise of appraisal rights).
The discussion is for general information only
and does not purport to consider all aspects of United States federal income
taxation that may be relevant to holders of Shares.
The discussion is based on
current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), existing, proposed and temporary regulations promulgated thereunder and
administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all of which are subject to
change.
The discussion applies only to holders of Shares in whose hands Shares
are capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and may not
apply to Shares received pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or
otherwise as compensation, or to certain types of holders of Shares (such as
insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations and broker-dealers) who may be
subject to special rules under the United States federal income tax laws.
This
discussion does not discuss the United States federal income tax consequences to
a holder of Shares who, for United States federal income tax purposes, is a non-
resident alien individual, a foreign corporation, a foreign partnership or a
foreign estate or trust, nor does it consider the effect of any foreign, state
or local tax laws.

     
Because individual circumstances may differ, each holder of Shares should
consult such holder's own tax advisor to determine the applicability of the
rules discussed below to such holder and the particular tax effects to such
holder of the Offer and the Merger, including the application and effect of
state, local and other income tax laws.

     
The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be
a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes.
In general,
for United States federal income tax purposes, a holder of Shares will recognize
gain or loss equal to the difference between (i) the holder's adjusted tax basis
in the Shares sold pursuant to the Offer or converted to cash in the Merger and
(ii) the amount of cash received therefor.
Gain or loss must be determined
separately for each block of Shares (i.e., Shares acquired at the same cost in a
single transaction) sold pursuant to the Offer or converted to cash in the
Merger.
Assuming that Shares are held as a capital asset, such gain or loss will
be a capital gain or loss.
Any such capital gain will be a long-term capital
gain taxable to a non-corporate holder at a maximum rate of 20% if the holder's
Shares have been held for more than one year on the date of sale (in the case of
the Offer) or the Effective Time of the Merger (in the case of the Merger); and
a short-term capital gain taxable to a non-corporate holder at a maximum rate of
up to 39.6% if the Shares have been held for one year or less on the date of
sale (or the Effective Time of the Merger).

     
Payments in connection with the Offer or the Merger may be subject to
"backup withholding" at a rate of 31%, unless a holder of Shares (i) is a
corporation or comes within certain exempt categories and, when required,
demonstrates this fact or (ii) provides a correct TIN to the payor, certifies as
to no loss of exemption from backup withholding and otherwise complies with
applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules.
A holder who does not
provide a correct TIN may be subject to penalties imposed by

the Internal Revenue Service.
Any amount paid as backup withholding does not
constitute an additional tax and will be creditable against the holder's United
States federal income tax liability.
Each holder of Shares should consult with
his or her own tax advisor as to his or her qualification for exemption from
backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such exemption.
Holders
tendering their Shares in the Offer may prevent backup withholding by completing
the Substitute Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal.
See Section
3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares."
Similarly, holders who convert their
Shares into cash in the Merger may prevent backup withholding by completing a
Substitute Form W-9 and submitting it to the paying agent for the Merger.

     
6. PRICE RANGE OF COMMON SHARES; DIVIDENDS ON COMMON SHARES.  
The Common
Shares are traded principally on the Nasdaq Small Cap Market.
They are also
traded on the Boston Stock Exchange.
The following table sets forth for the
periods indicated the high and low closing sales price per Common Share on the
Nasdaq Small Cap Market as reported by published financial sources.
Historical
amounts have been adjusted for a 1 for 6 reverse stock split, effective June 25,
1999.
No dividends have been declared or paid on the Common Shares during the
quarters indicated.

                                                                
HIGH       LOW
                                                              --------   
--------

  First Quarter.............................................  $ 6.5628   $  3.375
  Second Quarter............................................    
5.0628       2.75
  Third Quarter.............................................     4.875       3.00
  Fourth Quarter............................................    5.8125      3.875

  First Quarter.............................................  $   7.00   $   4.25
  Second Quarter............................................      7.00     5.3125
  Third Quarter.............................................    8.9688     6.1875
  Fourth Quarter............................................    7.5625     6.3125

  First Quarter (1).........................................  $ 8.1562   $  7.125

- ---------------

(1) Through January 23, 2001.

     
On January 17, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the announcement of
the Offer, the last reported closing sales price per Common Share as reported on
the Nasdaq Small Cap Market was $7.56.
On January 23, 2001, the last full
trading day prior to the date of this Offer to Purchase, the last reported
closing sales price per Common Share as reported on the Nasdaq Small Cap Market
was $8.156.

     
7.
CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE TRANSACTION.
Market for Common Shares.  
Our
purchase of the Common Shares pursuant to the Offer will reduce the number of
Common Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and will reduce the number of
holders of Common Shares.
This could adversely affect the liquidity and market
value of the remaining Common Shares held by stockholders other than us.

Depending upon the aggregate market value and per share price of any Common
Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Common Shares may no longer meet
the standards for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Small Cap Market, which
requires that an issuer have at least 500,000 publicly held shares with a market
value of $1 million held by at least 300 stockholders holding round lots and
have net tangible assets of at least $2 million.
If these standards are not met,
the Common Shares might nevertheless continue to be included on the Nasdaq Stock
Market with quotations published on the Nasdaq's "additional list" or in one of
the "local lists."
However, if the number of holders of Common Shares falls
below 300, or if the number of publicly held Common Shares falls below 500,000,
or if there are not at least two market makers for such Common Shares, NASD
rules provide that the Common Shares would no longer be "qualified" for Nasdaq
Stock Market reporting, and Nasdaq Stock Market would cease to provide any
quotations.
Common Shares held directly or indirectly by an officer or director
of the Company, or by any beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Common
Shares, ordinarily will not

be considered as being publicly held for this purpose.
If, as a result of the
purchase of Common Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the Common Shares
no longer meet the requirements for continued inclusion in any other tier of the
Nasdaq Stock Market, and the Common Shares are no longer included in any tier of
Nasdaq Stock Market, the market for such Common Shares could be adversely
affected.

     
Depending upon the aggregate market value and per share price of any Common
Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Common Shares also may no longer
meet the standards for continued inclusion on the Boston Stock Exchange, which
requires that an issuer have at least 150,000 publicly held shares with a market
value of $500,000 held by at least 250 beneficial holders and have total assets
of at least $1 million.
The Boston Stock Exchange reserves the right to deny the
listing of any company, and to suspend trading or delist a company based on the
failure to meet any of these requirements.

     
In the event the Common Shares no longer meet the requirements for
inclusion in any tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market or the Boston Stock Exchange,
quotations might still be available from other sources.
The extent of the public
market for such Common Shares and availability of such quotations would,
however, depend upon the number of holders of such Common Shares remaining at
such time, the interest in maintaining a market in the Common Shares on the part
of securities firms, the possible termination of registration of the Common
Shares under the Exchange Act, as described below, and other factors.

     
The Company intends to delist the Common Shares from the Nasdaq Small Cap
Market and the Boston Stock Exchange as soon as practicable following the
consummation of the Offer and in any event following the consummation of the
Merger.

     
Exchange Act Registration.  
The Common Shares are currently registered
under the Exchange Act.
Such registration may be terminated upon application by
the Company to the Commission if the Common Shares are not listed on a "national
securities exchange" and there are fewer than 300 record holders of Common
Shares.
It is our intention to seek to cause an application for such termination
to be made as soon after consummation of the Offer as the requirements for
termination of registration of the Common Shares are met.
If such registration
were terminated, the Company would no longer legally be required to disclose
publicly in proxy materials distributed to stockholders the information which it
now must provide under the Exchange Act or to make public disclosure of
financial and other information in annual, quarterly and other reports required
to be filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act, the requirements of Rule
13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to going private transactions would no
longer apply to the Company, and the officers, directors and 10% stockholders of
the Company would no longer be subject to the "short-swing" insider trading
reporting and profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act.
Furthermore, if
such registration were terminated, persons holding "restricted securities" of
the Company may be deprived of their ability to dispose of such securities under
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act").

     Margin Regulations.  
The Common Shares are presently "margin securities"
under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(the "Federal Reserve Board"), which status has the effect, among other things,
of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the Common Shares.

Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and
market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, the Common Shares
would no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin
regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used
as collateral for loans made by brokers.
In addition, if registration of the
Common Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Common Shares would no
longer constitute "margin securities.
"

     8.
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY.  
Except as otherwise set
forth herein, the information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to
Purchase, including financial information, has been furnished by the Company or
has been taken from or based upon publicly available documents and records on
file with the Commission and other public sources.
Although we have no knowledge
that would indicate that statements contained herein based upon such information
or documents are untrue, we do not, nor does Parent or the Information Agent,
assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information
concerning the Company, furnished by the Company, or contained in such

documents and records or for any failure by the Company to disclose events which
may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such
information but which are unknown to us.

     
The Company is a Nevada corporation with its principal executive offices
located at 110 Cypress Station Drive, Suite 220, Houston, Texas.
The Company is
an independent oil and gas company engaged in the acquisition of oil and gas
reserves through a program which includes purchases of reserves, reengineering,
development and exploration activities currently focused in Texas and Louisiana.

     
The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange
Act and, in accordance therewith, files periodic reports, proxy statements and
other information with the Commission relating to its business, financial
condition and other matters.
The Company is required to disclose in such proxy
statements certain information, as of particular dates, concerning the Company's
directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the
principal holders of the Company's securities and any material interests of such
persons in transactions with the Company.
Such reports, proxy statements and
other information may be inspected at the public reference facilities maintained
by the Commission at Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549,
and at the regional offices of the Commission located at Seven World Trade
Center, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10048 and Citicorp Center, 500 West
Madison Street (Suite 400), Chicago, Illinois 60661.
Copies of such material may
also be obtained by mail, at prescribed rates, from the Commission's principal
office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549.
The Commission also
maintains a World Wide Web site on the internet at http://www.sec.gov that
contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file
electronically with the Commission.
Such material should also be available for
inspection at the offices of Nasdaq, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington D.C. 20006.

Nothing contained in any website is incorporated by reference herein.

     
9.
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARENT AND THE OFFEROR.  
We are a Nevada
corporation that was formed as an acquisition vehicle in connection with the
Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and we will be merged with and into the Company pursuant to the
Merger.
We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent.

     
Parent is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration,
development, production and acquisition of crude oil and natural gas.
North
American operations are focused in the shelf and deepwater areas of the Gulf of
Mexico, the Permian Basin, Mid-continent and Rocky Mountain regions.

Internationally, Ocean Energy holds a leading position among U.S. independents
in West Africa with oil and gas activities in Cote d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea
and Angola.
The company also conducts operations in the republics of Egypt,
Tatarstan, Pakistan and Indonesia.

     
The name, citizenship, business address, present principal occupation or
employment and five-year employment history of each of our directors and
executive officers as well as those of Parent are set forth in Schedule I
hereto.

     
Except as provided in the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement, the Tender Agreement and as otherwise described in this Offer to
Purchase, neither Parent nor us, nor, to the best of our knowledge and the best
knowledge of Parent, any of the persons listed on Schedule I hereto, has any
contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other person with
respect to any securities of the Company, including, but not limited to, any
contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or
the voting of any securities of the Company, joint ventures, loan or option
arrangements, puts or calls, guarantees of loans, guarantees against loss or the
giving or withholding of proxies.
Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase,
none of Parent or us, or, to the best of our knowledge and the best knowledge of
Parent, none of the persons listed on Schedule I hereto, has had, within the
past two years, any business relationships or transactions with the Company or
any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that would require
reporting under the rules of the Commission applicable to this Offer to
Purchase.
Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, within the past two
years, there have been no contacts, negotiations or transactions between Parent
or us or any of Parent's respective subsidiaries, or, to the best of our
knowledge and the best knowledge of Parent, any of the persons listed on
Schedule I hereto, and the Company or its affiliates, concerning a merger,
consolidation

or acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities, election of
directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets.
Except as
set forth in this Offer to Purchase, neither we nor Parent, nor, to the best of
our knowledge and the best knowledge of Parent, any of the persons listed on
Schedule I hereto, beneficially owns any Shares or has effected any transactions
in the Shares during the past sixty days.

     
10.
SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS.  
The Offer is not conditioned on any
financing arrangements.
We estimate that the total amount of funds required to
consummate the Offer and the Merger, make the Company Option Payments and
Company Warrant Payments and pay related fees and expenses will be approximately
$121 million.
We will obtain the required funds from Parent in the form of
capital contributions or loans from Parent.

     
Parent will provide such funds from borrowings under its $500 Revolving
Credit Agreement (the "Credit Facility"), dated as of March 30, 1999, among
Parent, Chase Bank of Texas, National Association, The Chase Manhattan Bank,
Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, Bank One Texas, N. A.,
Societe Generale, Southwest Agency, the Bank of Montreal, and the other Banks
signatory thereto.
The Credit Facility bears interest, at Parent's option, at a
competitive bid or LIBOR or prime rates plus applicable margins ranging from
zero to 1.7% or at a competitive bid.
Parent expects to use funds generated from
its operations to repay its borrowings under the Credit Facility.

     
The foregoing summary of the Credit Facility is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the Credit Facility, which is incorporated herein by reference,
and a copy of which has been filed as an exhibit to the Schedule TO filed by
Parent and us with the Commission in connection with the Offer.
The Credit
Facility may be examined and copies may be obtained at the places described in
Section 8.

     11.
BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS OR NEGOTIATIONS
WITH THE COMPANY.

     
On September 14, 2000, at a charity event held in Houston, Texas, Mr. John
D. Schiller, Jr., Parent's executive vice president of operations, Mr. William
L. Transier, Parent's executive vice president and chief financial officer, and
Mr. Thomas A. Reiser, a member of the Company's board of directors, had initial
discussions regarding the possibilities of Parent's acquisition of the Company.

On October 20, 2000, an initial meeting was held at Mr. Schiller's office to
further discuss such acquisition possibilities.
Attendees at the meeting
included Mr. Schiller, Mr. Jerry M. Crews, an executive vice president of the
Company, and Mr. Reiser.
The attendees agreed that the process of evaluation
should begin by means of a limited due diligence review of the Company by
Parent's representatives.

     
On October 30, 2000, Parent and the Company executed a Confidentiality
Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to supply certain information to
Parent and Parent agreed to treat such information as confidential and to use
such information solely in connection with the evaluation of a possible
transaction with the Company.

     
On November 6, 2000, Parent's technical team of exploration, land, legal
and business development personnel reviewed data concerning the Company's assets
with certain members of the Company's management, including Mr. Frank A.
Lodzinski, the Company's President, Mr. Crews, Mr. Tom Campbell, the Company's
manager of acquisitions, and Mr. Francis M. Mury, an executive vice president of
the Company.
On November 14, 2000, an initial internal presentation was made by
Parent's technical team to Mr. Schiller regarding the information provided by
the Company.

     
On November 20, 2000, Messrs. Schiller, Transier, John H. Campbell, Vice
President, Reservoir Engineering -- North America of Parent, and Alan Smith,
Manager of Business Development -- North America of Parent, met with Messrs.
Lodzinski, Crews and Reiser at Parent's offices in Houston, Texas to discuss
potential valuation and projects.
On November 28, 2000, Parent's technical team
reviewed the Company's major fields with representatives of the Company and W.D.
vonGonten & Co, consulting petroleum reservoir engineers for the Company.
On
November 28, 2000, Mr. Lodzinski, Ms. Adriene Bond, Company counsel, Mr. Robert
K. Reeves, Parent's general counsel, Mr. Transier and Mr. Andrew J. Sheu,
Parent's vice president of tax, met at Parent's offices to discuss the potential
deal structure, tax issues, and the due diligence process.

     
On December 11, 2000, Parent's technical team completed asset evaluations
of the Company and its operations and made an internal presentation to Parent's
senior management, which in turn decided to recommend to Parent's Board of
Directors that Parent pursue a possible transaction with the Company.
On
December 13, 2000, senior management communicated its findings to the Parent's
Board of Directors, and the Board gave its approval to proceed with a possible
transaction with the Company.
On December 13, 2000, Parent and the Company
exchanged bullet-point outlines of certain proposed terms of the transaction.
As
proposed by Parent, the transaction was to be structured as a merger in which a
newly-formed subsidiary of Parent would be merged with the Company and the
Company's stockholders would receive in exchange for their shares aggregate
consideration of $115 million ($8.25 per Common Share) consisting of 50% stock
of Parent and 50% cash, with the receipt of Parent stock to be tax-free to the
Company's stockholders.
Other terms included the cash-out of options and
warrants at the closing of the merger, a requirement that management, directors
and significant stockholders of the Company agree to vote in favor of the
merger, and certain other terms and conditions.

     
On December 18, 2000, Parent and the Company executed an additional
Confidentiality Agreement pursuant to which Parent agreed to supply certain
information to the Company and the Company agreed to treat such information as
confidential and to use such information solely in connection with the
evaluation of a possible transaction with Parent.

     
On December 18, 2000, Parent's outside counsel distributed to the parties
for their review and comment a preliminary draft of a merger agreement.
On
December 26 and 27, 2000 and January 2 and 3, 2001, representatives of Parent
made field visits to certain of Company's operated oil and gas fields.

     
On January 3, 2001, Parent's outside counsel, Mr. Transier and Mr. Reeves
met with Mr. Lodzinski, Mr. Will VanLoh, Principal of Quantum Energy Partners
LP, and Mr. Michael P. Dalton, Associate of Quantum Energy Partners LP, at
Parent's offices to discuss the purchase price for the Common Shares and
Preferred Shares, various alternative structures for the acquisition, including
a possible all cash transaction, the timing of the transaction and various other
agreement terms.
At this meeting, Parent indicated that it would be willing to
do an all cash acquisition if the transaction were structured as a tender offer
and merger and a majority of stockholders committed to tender their shares and
vote for the transaction.

     
On January 4, 2001, Mr. VanLoh met with Mr. Reeves at Parent's offices to
further discuss potential structure and share price.
On January 7, 2001, revised
agreements reflecting an all-cash tender offer and merger were distributed to
Parent, the Company and their respective representatives.

     
Between January 7 and January 16, 2001, there were various telephone
conferences between Mr. Reeves, Mr. Lodzinski and outside counsel to negotiate
provisions of the merger agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the
Tender Agreement, and additional due diligence was conducted by Parent's outside
counsel.

     
On January 17, 2001, at a special telephonic meeting of Parent's Board of
Directors in which all but one of Parent's directors participated, members of
Parent's senior management presented Parent's Board with details regarding the
Company, results of the due diligence investigation and the terms of the merger
agreement.
At the conclusion of the meeting, Parent's Board approved and
authorized the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement and the Tender Agreement, and the commencement of the Offer.

     
The Company's Board of Directors held a telephonic special meeting on
January 17, 2001, at which eight of the Company's nine directors were present.

At the meeting, the Company's Board considered the final terms of the Offer, the
Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender
Agreement.
The Company's legal advisors summarized the final terms of the
proposed transaction.
The Company's Board also received and participated in a
presentation by Dain Rauscher Wessels with respect to the financial terms of the
proposed transaction.

     
At the conclusion of its presentation, the representative of Dain Rauscher
Wessels delivered the oral opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels to the Company's
Board that, as of such date, the Common Share

Offer Price and the Preferred Share Offer Price in the Offer and pursuant to the
Merger Agreement were fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company's
stockholders.
Dain Rauscher Wessels subsequently confirmed its oral opinion by
letter dated January 17, 2001.
At the conclusion of the January 17 meeting, the
Company's Board approved and authorized the execution of the Merger Agreement
and approved the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, the
Merger, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement, and
recommended that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer, tender their
Common Shares and Preferred Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger
Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement, the Tender Agreement, and the
Merger.

     
On January 18, 2001, the respective parties to the Merger Agreement, the
Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement executed and delivered such
agreements, and Parent and the Company issued a joint press release announcing
the signing of the Merger Agreement.

     
12.
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY.  
The
purpose of the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement and the Tender Agreement is to enable us to acquire control of, and
the entire equity interest in, the Company.
The Offer, the Merger Agreement, the
Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement are intended to increase
the likelihood that the Merger will be effected as promptly as practicable.

     
Consummation of the Merger requires the approval of the Merger Agreement by
holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of (a) the
Common Shares and the Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class, with
each Preferred Share entitling the holder thereof to the number of votes equal
to the full number of Common Shares into which such Preferred Share is
convertible on the record date for such vote, (b) the Common Shares, voting as a
single class, and (c) the Preferred Shares, voting as a single class.
The
Company's Board of Directors has approved the Offer, the Merger and the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company has agreed (if
required by applicable law to consummate the Merger) to take all action
necessary to convene a meeting of its stockholders as promptly as practicable
after the consummation of the Offer for the purpose of obtaining stockholder
approval of the Merger.
We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, all
Shares we own, and all Shares owned by Parent or any of Parent's other
subsidiaries will be voted in favor of the Merger.
The stockholders' meeting
shall be held as soon as practicable (subject to any statutory or other
restrictions) following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     
Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and which are
(i) held by holders of Shares who shall have not voted in favor of the Merger or
consented to the Merger in writing and (ii) who shall have demanded properly in
writing payment of the fair market value of such Shares in accordance with
Section 92A.420 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (collectively, the "Dissenting
Shares") shall be cancelled and terminated and shall represent solely the right
to receive payment from the Surviving Corporation of the fair market value of
such Shares held by them in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised
Statutes.

     
However, holders of Shares who shall have failed to perfect or who
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights for an appraisal of such
shares under the Nevada Revised Statutes shall thereupon have such shares be
deemed to have been cancelled and terminated, as of the Effective Time, and
shall represent solely the right to receive the Common Share Offer Price or the
Preferred Share Offer Price as provided in Section 3.06 of the Merger Agreement,
as applicable, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates that formerly
evidenced such Shares in the manner provided in Section 3.07 of the Merger
Agreement.

     
The Company will give to Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for
appraisal received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
instruments served pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes and received by the
Company and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to demands for payment of fair market value under the Nevada Revised
Statutes.
The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, make any payment with respect to any such demands, or offer to settle,
or settle, any such demands.
Any amount payable to any holder of Shares
exercising dissenters' rights shall be paid solely by the Surviving Corporation
out of its own funds.

     
The foregoing summary of the rights of objecting stockholders does not
purport to be a complete statement of the procedures to be followed by
stockholders desiring to exercise their dissenters' appraisal rights.
The
preservation and exercise of dissenters' rights are conditioned on strict
adherence to the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes.
See
Section 15 -- "Certain Legal Matters" for additional information regarding
appraisal rights.

     
Rule 13e-3.  
The Commission has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act,
which is applicable to certain "going private" transactions and which may, under
certain circumstances, be applicable to the Merger or another business
combination following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise
in which we seek to acquire the remaining Shares not held by us.
We believe,
however, that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the Merger if the Merger is
consummated within one year after the termination of the Offer at the same per
Share price as paid in the Offer.
If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among
other things, that certain financial information concerning the Company and
certain information relating to the fairness of the proposed transaction and the
consideration offered to minority stockholders in such transaction be filed with
the Commission and disclosed to stockholders prior to consummation of the
transaction.

     
Plans for the Company.  
As described herein, if we purchase Shares pursuant
to the Offer, the Merger Agreement provides that we will be entitled to
designate representatives to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company in
proportion to our ownership of Shares following such purchase; provided,
however, that, until the Effective Time, there must be at least two Independent
Directors.
Promptly upon the consummation of the Offer, we currently intend to
seek maximum representation on the Company's Board of Directors permitted by the
Merger Agreement.
We expect that our representation on the Company's Board of
Directors would permit us to exert substantial influence over the Company's
conduct of its business and operations.
As a result of the Merger, our directors
and officers immediately prior to the Effective Time will become the directors
and officers, respectively, of the Company, as the Surviving Corporation.
See
Section 13 -- "The Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement, the Tender
Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreements".

     
We and Parent expect that, initially following the Merger, the business and
operations of the Company will, except as described in this Offer to Purchase,
be continued substantially as they are currently being conducted.
Parent will
continue to evaluate the business and operations of the Company during the
pendency of the Offer and after the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and
will take such actions as it deems appropriate under the circumstances then
existing.
Parent intends to seek additional information about the Company during
this period.
Thereafter, Parent intends to review such information as part of a
comprehensive review of the Company's business, assets, operations,
capitalization, dividend policy, management and personnel, with a view to
optimizing development of the Company's potential in conjunction with Parent's
current and future business.

     
Except as described above or elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase, we and
Parent have no present plans or proposals that would relate to or result in (i)
the acquisition by any person of additional securities of the Company, or the
disposition of securities of the Company, (ii) an extraordinary corporate
transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the
Company or any and all corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, associations,
limited liability companies and other entities controlled by the Company,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries (the "Company
Subsidiaries"), (iii) a sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the
Company or of any Company Subsidiaries, (iv) any change in the present board of
directors or management of the Company (v) any material change in the present
capitalization or dividend policy of the Company, (vi) any other material change
in the Company's business or corporate structure, (vii) changes in the Company's
charter, bylaws or instruments corresponding thereto or other actions which may
impede the acquisition of control of the Company by any person, (viii) causing a
class of securities of the Company to be delisted from a national securities
exchange or to cease to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation
system of a registered national securities association, (ix) a class of equity
securities of the Company becoming eligible for termination of registration
pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Act, or (x) any action similar to any of
those enumerated above.

     13.
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENT, THE TENDER
AGREEMENT AND THE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS.  
The following is a summary of
certain material provisions of the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement, the Tender Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, copies of
which are attached as exhibits to the Schedule TO we filed in connection with
the Offer.
These summaries do not purport to be complete and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the respective texts of the Merger Agreement, the
Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement.
Capitalized terms used in
this Section 13 and not otherwise defined in this Offer to Purchase shall have
the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.

     
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The Offer.  
The Merger Agreement provides that not later than the fifth
business day from the public announcement by Parent and the Company of the
execution of the Merger Agreement, we shall commence the Offer to purchase all
outstanding Common Shares at the Common Share Offer Price and all outstanding
Preferred Shares at the Preferred Share Offer Price.
Any Shares acquired
pursuant to the Offer will include, by way of amplification and not limitation,
all rights associated with such Shares, including but not limited to all cash
and non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, other Shares or other securities
issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after the date of the Merger
Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the Preferred Shares,
rights to dividends pursuant to Section 4.17 of the Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement).
Our obligation to accept for payment and to pay for any Shares
pursuant to the Offer is subject only to the satisfaction of the Minimum
Condition as set forth on Annex I to the Merger Agreement and other conditions
set forth in Section 14 -- "Certain Conditions to Our Obligations" (the "Tender
Offer Conditions").
In addition to our agreement to file with the Commission a
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with all amendments and
supplements thereto, the "Schedule TO") with respect to the Offer, which
contains or incorporates by reference this Offer to Purchase and forms of the
related letters of transmittal and other ancillary offer documents
(collectively, together with all supplements and amendments thereto, being
referred to as the "Offer Documents"), we shall also disseminate to holders of
Shares the Offer Documents to the extent required by law, and otherwise shall
comply in all material respects with the Exchange Act.
The Common Share Offer
Price and Preferred Share Offer Price shall be net to the seller in cash,
without interest, subject to reduction only for any applicable withholding taxes
or stock transfer taxes payable by the seller.
The Company agrees that no Shares
held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries will be tendered in the Offer.

     
We specifically reserve the right to waive any condition of the Offer, to
increase the Common Share Offer Price and Preferred Share Offer Price and to
make any other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer, provided that
without the prior written consent of the Company, we shall not decrease the
Common Share Offer Price or the Preferred Share Offer Price or change the form
of consideration payable in the Offer, decrease the number of Shares sought to
be purchased in the Offer, impose additional conditions to the Offer or amend
any other term of the Offer in any manner materially adverse to the holders of
Shares or reduce the time period during which the Offer shall remain open.

Subject to the terms of the Offer and the Merger Agreement and the satisfaction
or waiver of all the Tender Offer Conditions as of any Expiration Date, we will
accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn
pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after such Expiration Date of the
Offer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall be entitled to extend the Offer,
without the consent of the Company if at the Expiration Date of the Offer, which
will be 12:00 midnight eastern standard time twenty business days following
commencement of the Offer (the "Expiration Date"), or any extension thereof, any
condition to the Offer is not satisfied or waived, and we agree to extend the
Offer from time to time until May 31, 2001 if at the then scheduled Expiration
Date all of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived as
permitted by the Merger Agreement; provided, however, we shall not be required
to extend the Offer under this provision unless, in Parent's reasonable
judgment, (i) each such condition is reasonably capable of being satisfied; (ii)
the Company is in material compliance with all of its covenants in the Merger
Agreement; and (iii) the failure of such condition to be satisfied shall not
result from a breach by the Company of any of its covenants and agreements
contained in the Merger Agreement.
Any extension of the Offer pursuant to this
provision of the Merger Agreement shall not,

without the written consent of the Company, exceed the number of days that we
reasonably believe will be necessary so that the conditions to the Offer will be
satisfied.
In addition, we may, without the consent of the Company, extend any
then scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer for any period required by
applicable rules, regulations, interpretations or positions of the Commission or
the Commission's staff applicable to the Offer or for any period required by
applicable law.
If the Minimum Condition has been satisfied and all other
conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived but fewer than 90% of the
Shares have been validly tendered and not withdrawn as of the Expiration Date,
we shall accept and purchase all of the Shares tendered in the initial offer
period and may provide for a subsequent offering period (as contemplated by Rule
14d-11 under the Exchange Act) as long as providing for the subsequent offering
period does not require the extension of the initial offer period under
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, which subsequent offering
period shall not exceed twenty business days.
In addition, the Common Share
Offer Price and Preferred Share Offer Price may be increased and the Offer may
be extended to the extent required by law in connection with such increase in
each case without the consent of the Company.
On or prior to the dates that we
become obligated to accept for payment and pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer,
Parent shall provide or cause to be provided to us the funds necessary to pay
for all Shares that we become so obligated to accept for payment and pay for
pursuant to the Offer.

     Company Actions.  
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed
that on the date of the filing by Parent and us of the Offer Documents, it will
file with the Commission and mail to its stockholders a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 reflecting the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that the holders of
Shares tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.
The Schedule 14D-9 will set
forth, and the Company represents, that the Company's Board of Directors, at a
meeting duly called and held, has unanimously (i) determined by vote of its
directors present at the meeting at which the Merger Agreement was approved that
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including each of the
Offer, the Merger, the Tender Agreement and the Tender and Voting Agreement, are
fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii)
approved the Offer and approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and declared
its advisability in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes, and (iii)
recommended acceptance of the Offer and approval of the Merger Agreement by the
Company's stockholders (if such approval is required by applicable law).
The
Company also represents that prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement, the
Company's financial advisor has delivered to the Company's Board of Directors
its written opinion that the consideration to be received for Shares pursuant to
the Offer and the Merger is fair to the Company's stockholders from a financial
point of view.

     
Board Representation.  
The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly upon
the payment by us for the Shares pursuant to the Offer and from time to time
thereafter (provided, however, that we shall not be entitled to designate any
members to the Board of Directors of the Company without owning a majority of
the Common Shares and a majority of the Preferred Shares), we will be entitled
to designate (i) such number of Class A directors, rounded up to the next whole
number, on the Board of Directors of the Company as is equal to the product of
the total number of Class A directors on the Board of Directors of the Company
(determined after giving effect to the directors elected pursuant to this
provision) multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate number of Shares
beneficially owned by Parent or its Affiliates (calculated on an as converted
basis) bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding (calculated on an as
converted basis), and (ii) such number of Class B directors, rounded up to the
next whole number, on the Board of Directors of the Company as is equal to the
product of the total number of Class B directors on the Board of Directors of
the Company (determined after giving effect to the directors elected pursuant to
this sentence) multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate number of
Preferred Shares beneficially owned by Parent or its Affiliates bears to the
total number of Preferred Shares then outstanding, and the Company shall, upon
our request, promptly take all actions necessary to cause our designees to be so
elected, including, if necessary, seeking the resignations of one or more
existing directors, increasing the number of authorized directors or amending
its bylaws; provided, however, that until the Effective Time, the Company's
Board of Directors shall have at least two members who were directors of the
Company on the date of the Merger Agreement and not employees of the Company
(the "Independent Directors"), provided that if no Independent Directors remain,
the other directors shall

designate one person to fill one of the vacancies who shall be neither an
employee of the Company nor an Affiliate of Parent and such person shall be
deemed to be an Independent Director for purposes of the Merger Agreement.
Upon
our written request, the Company shall cause our designees to constitute the
same percentage of representation as is on the Board of Directors of the Company
after giving effect to this provision on (i) each committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company; (ii) the Board of Directors of each Company Subsidiary
(defined in the Merger Agreement as any and all corporations, partnerships,
joint ventures, associations, limited liability companies and other entities
controlled by the Company, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries); and (iii) each committee of each such board.
These provisions
shall not limit any rights that we, Parent or any of our Affiliates may have as
a holder or beneficial owner of Shares as a matter of law with respect to the
election of directors or otherwise.

     
The Company's obligations to appoint our designees to the Board of
Directors of the Company shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act
and Rule 14f-1 thereunder.
The Company shall promptly take all actions required
pursuant to such Section and Rule in order to fulfill its obligations under this
provision of the Merger Agreement and shall include in the Schedule 14D-9 mailed
to stockholders promptly after the commencement of the Offer (or an amendment
thereof or an information statement pursuant to Rule 14f-1 if we have not prior
to the mailing of the Schedule 14D-9 designated directors or timely provided the
requisite information) such information with respect to the Company and its
officers and directors as is required under such Section and Rule in order to
fulfill its obligations under this provision.
We and Parent will supply any
information with respect to itself and its officers, directors and Affiliates
required by such Section and Rule to the Company.
Following the election or
appointment of Parent's designees and prior to the Effective Time, any amendment
or termination of the Merger Agreement by the Company, any extension of time for
performance of any of the obligations of Parent or us under the Merger
Agreement, any waiver of any condition or any of the Company's rights thereunder
or other action by the Company adversely affecting the rights of the
stockholders of the Company (other than us or our affiliates), requires the
concurrence of the Independent Directors.

     
The Merger.  
The Merger Agreement provides that at the Effective Time, we
shall be merged with and into the Company.
As a result of the Merger, our
separate corporate existence shall cease and the Company shall continue as the
Surviving Corporation and shall succeed to and assume all of our rights and
obligations in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes.

     
At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation shall be amended to be identical to our Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
(except that the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be "OEI Resources,
Inc."), in each case until duly amended in accordance with applicable law.
Our
directors and officers shall become the directors and officers of the Surviving
Corporation at the Effective Time.

     
Effect on Capital Stock.  
As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of the holder of any Shares, each Share that
is issued and outstanding (other than Shares owned by the Company as treasury
stock, and any Shares owned by Parent, us, or any other wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent, which shall be cancelled, and Shares held by stockholders who have
properly exercised appraisal rights under the Nevada Revised Statutes, if any)
shall be cancelled and terminated and shall represent solely the right to
receive from the Surviving Corporation in cash, without interest, the Common
Share Offer Price (or any higher price paid for Common Shares in the Offer) or
the Preferred Share Offer Price (or any higher price paid for Preferred Shares
in the Offer) as applicable.
Each share of our stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, at the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any of our
shares, be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

     
Shares of Dissenting Stockholders.  
Notwithstanding any provision of the
Merger Agreement to the contrary, Shares that are outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time and which are held by holders who shall have not voted in
favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who shall have demanded
properly in writing payment of the fair market value of such Shares in
accordance with the

Nevada Revised Statutes (collectively, the "Dissenting Shares") shall be
cancelled and terminated and shall represent solely the right to receive payment
from the Surviving Corporation of the fair market value of such Shares held by
them in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, except
that all Dissenting Shares held by holders of Shares who shall have failed to
perfect or who effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights for an
appraisal of such Shares under the Nevada Revised Statutes shall thereupon be
deemed to have been cancelled and terminated, as of the Effective Time, and
shall represent solely the right to receive the Common Share Offer Price or the
Preferred Offer Share Price, as applicable, upon surrender in the manner
provided in Section 3.07 of the Merger Agreement of the certificate or
certificates that formerly evidenced such Shares.

     
The Company shall give to Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for
appraisal received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
instruments served pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes and received by the
Company and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to demands for payment of fair market value under the Nevada Revised
Statutes.
The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, make any payment with respect to any such demands, or offer to settle,
or settle, any such demands.
Any amount payable to any holder of Shares
exercising dissenters' rights shall be paid solely by the Surviving Corporation
out of its own funds.

     
See Section 15 -- "Certain Legal Matters" for additional information
regarding appraisal rights.

     
Stock Options.  
Each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase Common
Shares ("Company Option") pursuant to each stock option and incentive plan of or
sponsored by the Company (the "Company Option Plans"), that is fully vested and
exercisable as of the consummation of the Offer shall be converted into an
obligation of the Company to pay, and a right of the holder thereof to receive
in full satisfaction of such Company Option, an amount in cash equal to the
product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Common Share Offer Price over the
exercise price thereof and (ii) the number of Common Shares subject to such
Company Option (such payment to be net of withholding taxes) (the "Company
Option Payments").
The Company shall take all actions necessary to cause the
Company's employees and directors to consent, to the extent required, to the
transactions contemplated by this provision no later than immediately prior to
the time we accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer.
Except as may be
otherwise agreed to by Parent or us and the Company, as of the Effective Time,
(A) the Company Option Plans shall terminate, (B) the provisions in any other
plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other
interest in respect of the capital stock of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries shall be deleted and (C) no holder of Company Options or any
participant in the Company Option Plans or any other plans, programs or
arrangements shall have any rights thereunder to acquire any equity securities
of the Company, the Surviving Corporation or any subsidiary thereof.
The Company
and Parent agree that the Company Option Payments are the sole payments that
will be made with respect to or in relation to the Company Options.

     
With respect to each Company Option granted pursuant to the terms of a
Company Option Plan that is not vested and exercisable as of the consummation of
the Offer, the Company or the Surviving Corporation, as applicable, shall make
the payment of the amount determined above at the time each such unvested
Company Option would otherwise have become vested and exercisable subject to the
satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable option
award agreement and the Company Option Plan pursuant to which such Company
Option was granted, or at such earlier date as may be determined by Parent in
its sole and absolute discretion.

     Warrants.  
At the Effective Time, each warrant to purchase Common Shares
that is then outstanding and exercisable (each a "Company Warrant"), shall be
cancelled and converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to the
product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Common Share Offer Price over the
exercise price of such Company Warrant and (ii) the number of Common Shares
previously subject to such Company Warrant immediately prior to its cancellation
(such payment to be net of withholding taxes) (the "Company Warrant Payments").

The Company shall take all actions necessary to cause the holders of the Company
Warrants to consent, to the extent required, to the transactions contemplated by
this provision no later than immediately prior to the time we accept Shares for
payment pursuant to the

Offer.
The Company and Parent agree that the Company Warrant Payments are the
sole payments that will be made with respect to or in relation to the Company
Warrants.

     
Representations and Warranties.  
In the Merger Agreement, the Company has
made customary representations and warranties to us and to Parent, including,
but not limited to, representations and warranties as to organization and
qualification, subsidiaries, capital structure, authority to enter into the
Merger Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby,
required consents and approvals, filings made by the Company with the Commission
under the Exchange Act (including financial statements included in the documents
filed by the Company under that act), absence of material adverse changes,
absence of litigation, material contracts, title to property, oil and gas
operations, wells and equipment, reserve reports, hedging, employee benefit
plans, environmental laws and regulations, intellectual property, tax matters,
liability insurance, the inapplicability of certain state takeover statutes,
engagement of brokers and finders and absence of bankruptcy.
Some of the
Company's representations are qualified by the limitation that, in order for the
representation to have been breached, the event breaching the representation
must have a Material Adverse Effect.
A "Material Adverse Effect" means any
event, circumstance, condition, development or occurrence causing, resulting in
or having (or with the passage of time likely to cause, result in or have) a
material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, assets, properties
or results of operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a
whole; provided, that such term shall not include (i) changes in the market
price and trading volume of the Company's securities or (ii) effects that are
not applicable primarily to the Company resulting from market conditions
generally in the oil and gas industry (including without limitation changes in
commodities prices).

     
We and Parent have also made customary representations and warranties to
the Company, including, but not limited to, representations and warranties as to
organization and authority of us and Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, required consents and
approvals, financing and engagement of brokers and finders.

     
Required Stockholder Vote or Consent.  
The Company has represented to us
that the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company's
capital stock that will be necessary or required under the Merger Agreement,
Nevada Revised Statutes or under applicable law to consummate the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement is the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement by the holders of a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast by holders of (a) the Common Shares and the Preferred
Shares, voting together as a single class, with each Preferred Share entitling
the holder thereof to the number of votes equal to the full number of Common
Shares into which such Preferred Share is convertible on the record date for
such vote, (b) the Common Shares, voting as a single class, and (c) the
Preferred Shares, voting as a single class (the "Company Stockholders'
Approval").
In the Merger Agreement, the Company also agreed that within four
business days of the date of the Merger Agreement it would by action of its
Board of Directors amend its bylaws such that the Company elects not to be
subject to Sections 78.378 through 78.3793 of the NRS (which relate to "control
shares").
See Section 15 -- "Certain Legal Matters".

     
Stockholder Action.  
Following consummation of the Offer, if required by
applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, the Company shall, in
accordance with applicable law, give notice of, convene and hold a special
meeting of its stockholders (the "Company Stockholders' Meeting") for the
purpose of securing the Company Stockholders' Approval.
The date of any Company
Stockholders' Meeting shall be set by the Board of Directors of the Company
after consultation with, and on a date approved by, Parent, whose approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld.
The Board of Directors of the Company shall (i)
distribute to its stockholders a proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A
under the Exchange Act or, if applicable law and regulations do not so require,
an information statement pursuant to Regulation 14C under the Exchange Act (the
"Proxy Statement") in accordance with applicable federal and state law and with
its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, which Proxy Statement shall contain
(A) the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that its
stockholders approve the Merger and adopt the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby if proxies are solicited by the Company with
respect to such vote and (B) the written opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels, a

division of Dain Rauscher Incorporated, that the consideration to be received
for the Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger is fair to the Company's
stockholders from a financial point of view, (ii) cause the Company to use all
reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of the
approval of the Merger and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and to secure the Company Stockholders' Approval, unless, in
accordance with applicable law and the regulations of the Nasdaq Small Cap
Market, such solicitation is not required to achieve approval of the Merger,
(iii) take all other action in their judgment necessary and appropriate to
secure the Company Stockholders' Approval, and (iv) cooperate and consult with
Parent with respect to each of the foregoing matters, all subject to the right
of the Board of Directors of the Company to modify or withdraw its
recommendation in the exercise of its fiduciary duties to the Company and its
stockholders.
Parent agrees that it will vote, or cause to be voted, all of the
Shares then owned by it, us or any other Company Subsidiaries in favor of the
approval of the Merger and of the Merger Agreement.

     
Covenants Relating to the Conduct of Business.  
During the period from the
date of the Merger Agreement until the time of the closing of the Merger (except
as provided in the Disclosure Letter or otherwise contemplated by the Merger
Agreement), the Company has agreed that the businesses of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries will be conducted only in, and the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries shall not take any action except in, the ordinary course of
business and in a manner consistent with past practice, and shall use reasonable
efforts to preserve substantially intact their current business organization,
keep available the services of their current employees and preserve their
relationships with customers, contractholders and other persons having
significant business relationships with the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

The Company has also agreed that, except as otherwise expressly contemplated by
the Merger Agreement or as reflected in the Disclosure Letter, during such
period, the Company or any Company Subsidiary will not directly or indirectly
do, or propose to do, any of the following, without the prior written consent of
Parent:

          (i) amend, propose to amend, or otherwise change its Articles of
     Incorporation or Bylaws or similar organizational documents;

          (ii) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, encumber, amend the terms
     of, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant or
     encumbrance of (A) any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
     Company Subsidiary of any class, or any options, warrants, convertible
     securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of such
     capital stock, or any other ownership interest (including, without
     limitation, any phantom interest) of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
     except the sale of capital stock of the Company in connection with the
     exercise of outstanding options or warrants or (B) any assets or properties
     of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except the sales of Hydrocarbons
     in the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past
     practice;

          (iii) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other
     distribution payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to
     any of its capital stock except for Preferred Shares to be issued and cash
     to be paid as dividends on the Preferred Shares in accordance with the
     Company's Articles of Incorporation and Section 4.17 of the Preferred Stock
     Purchase Agreement;

          (iv) reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or
     otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock;

          (v) (A) acquire or sell, lease, license, surrender, relinquish or
     otherwise dispose of (including, without limitation, by merger,
     consolidation or acquisition or disposition of stock or assets) any
     interest in any corporation, partnership, other business organization or
     any division thereof or any assets, other than sales of Hydrocarbons in the
     ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice, and any other
     acquisitions for consideration which is not, in the aggregate, in excess of
     $250,000; (B) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money, incur any trade
     debt, or issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or
     otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of
     any individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust,
     incorporated or unincorporated organization or other legal entity of any
     kind (a "Person") (other than the

     Company or a wholly owned Company Subsidiary), except for Indebtedness
     incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice,
     in amounts not in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate; (C) make any loans
     or advances to any Person other than the Company or a wholly owned Company
     Subsidiary; (D) authorize or commit to any capital expenditure in excess of
     $250,000 in the aggregate per month, other than pursuant to any commitment
     as of January 18, 2001 disclosed in the Disclosure Letter; or (E) enter
     into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement that, if
     fully performed, would not be permitted under this subsection (v);

          (vi) enter a new line of business or commence business operations in
     any country outside the United States;

          (vii) increase the compensation payable or to become payable to its
     officers or employees, except in the ordinary course of business and
     consistent with past practice, or grant any severance or termination pay
     to, or modify or enter into any employment or severance agreement with, any
     director, officer, employee or former employee of the Company or any
     Company Subsidiary, or establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective
     bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option,
     restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment,
     termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or
     arrangement for the benefit of any director, officer or employee;

          (viii) change any method of accounting or accounting practice by the
     Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for any such change required by
     U.S. GAAP;

          (ix) pay, discharge or satisfy any material claim, liability or
     obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
     otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction, in the
     ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, of
     liabilities reflected or reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet
     of the Company, dated as of September 30, 2000, included in the Financial
     Statements, or subsequently incurred in the ordinary course of business and
     consistent with past practice or in accordance with this provision,
     provided however, that in no event shall payments under this provision
     exceed individually, or in the aggregate, $250,000 without the express
     written consent of Parent.

          
(x) settle any material Audit, make or change any material Tax
     election or file any material amended Tax Return;

          (xi) take any action that would give rise to a claim under the WARN
     Act or any similar state law or regulation because of a "plant closing" or
     "mass layoff" (each as defined in the WARN Act);

          (xii) enter into any futures, hedge, swap, collar, put, call, floor,
     cap, option or other contracts that are intended to benefit from or reduce
     or eliminate the risk of fluctuations in the price of commodities,
     including Hydrocarbons, or securities;

          (xiii) enter into any fixed price commodity sales agreements with a
     duration of more than three months;

          (xiv) take, or agree or commit to take, any action that would make any
     representation and warranty of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
     hereunder inaccurate in any respect at, or as of any time prior to, the
     closing of the Merger, or omit, or agree or commit to omit, to take any
     action necessary to prevent any such representation or warranty from being
     inaccurate in any respect at any time;

          (xv) (A) engage in any transaction (either acting alone or in
     conjunction with any Employee Plan or trust created thereunder) in
     connection with which the Company or any Company Subsidiary could be
     subjected (directly or indirectly) to either a civil penalty assessed
     pursuant to subsections (c), (i) or (1) of Section 502 of ERISA or a tax
     imposed pursuant to Chapter 43 of Subtitle D of the Code, (B) terminate any
     Employee Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any
     Employee Plan, that could result in the liability of the Company or any
     Company Subsidiary to any person, (C) take any action that could adversely
     affect the qualification of any Employee Plan or

     its compliance with the applicable requirements of ERISA, (D) fail to make
     full payment when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of any
     Employee Plan, any agreement relating thereto or applicable law, the
     Company or any Company Subsidiary are required to pay as contributions
     thereto or (E) fail to file, on a timely basis, all reports and forms
     required by federal regulations with respect to any Employee Plan; or

          (xvi) other than the consummation of the Merger, take any action that
     would cause adjustment to the conversion price of the Preferred Shares.

     
No Solicitation.  
The Company has agreed in the Merger Agreement that, from
the date of the Merger Agreement until its termination, the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries will not and will not authorize their respective officers,
directors, employees or other agents to, directly or indirectly, (i) take any
action to solicit, initiate or encourage any offer or proposal for, or any
indication of interest in, a merger or other business combination directly or
indirectly involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary or the acquisition of
a substantial equity interest in, or a substantial portion of the assets of, any
such party, other than transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (an
"Acquisition Proposal") or (ii) engage in negotiations with, or disclose any
nonpublic information relating to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries,
respectively, or afford access to their respective properties, books or records
to any Person that may be considering making, or has made, an Acquisition
Proposal.
Nothing contained in this provision shall prohibit the Company and its
Board of Directors from (i) taking and disclosing a position with respect to a
tender offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated
by the Commission under the Exchange Act, or (ii) furnishing information,
including without limitation nonpublic information to, or entering into
negotiations with any Person that has indicated its willingness to make an
unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal, if, and only to the extent that, (A)
such unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal is made by a third party that
the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith has the good
faith intent to proceed with negotiations or consider, and financial and other
capability to consummate, such Acquisition Proposal (taking into account among
other things the legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such
Acquisition Proposal and the Person making such Acquisition Proposal), (B) the
Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with outside legal counsel
to the Company, determines in good faith that such action is required for the
Board of Directors of the Company to comply with its fiduciary duties to
stockholders imposed by applicable law, (C) contemporaneously with furnishing
such information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such
Person, the Company provides written notice to Parent to the effect that it is
furnishing information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with,
such Person and (D) the Company uses all reasonable efforts to keep Parent
informed in all material respects of the status and terms of any such
negotiations or discussions (including without limitation the identity of the
Person with whom such negotiations or discussions are being held) and provides
Parent copies of such written proposals and any amendments or revisions thereto
or correspondence related thereto.
The Company, the Company Subsidiaries, and
their respective officers, directors, employees or other agents shall
immediately cease any existing discussions or negotiations, if any, with any
Persons conducted prior to the date of the Merger Agreement with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal.

     Expenses.  
Except as set forth below under "Effect of Termination;
Termination Fee," all Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) incurred by
the parties to the Merger Agreement shall be borne solely and entirely by the
party that has incurred such Expenses; provided, however, that if the Merger
Agreement is terminated for any reason, then the allocable share of Parent and
the Company for all Expenses (including any fees and expenses of accountants,
experts, and consultants, but excluding the fees and expenses of legal counsel
and investment bankers) related to preparing, printing, filing and mailing the
Offer Documents, the Proxy Statement and all SEC and other regulatory filing
fees incurred in connection with the Offer Documents and the Proxy Statement
shall be allocated one-half each.

     
Indemnification.  
For six years after the Effective Time, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who
is now, or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior
to the Effective Time, an officer or director of the Company or any

Company Subsidiary (each, an "Indemnified Party") against all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel and judgments, fines, losses, claims, liabilities and
amounts paid in settlement (provided that any such settlement is effected with
the prior written consent of the Surviving Corporation, which consent will not
be unreasonably withheld)) arising in whole or in part out of actions or
omissions in their capacity as such occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law and the Surviving Corporation's
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Company's written indemnification
agreements in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement and listed in the
Disclosure Letter, including provisions therein relating to the advancement of
expenses incurred in the defense of any action or suit; provided, that in the
event any claim or claims are asserted or made within such six-year period, all
rights to indemnification in respect of any such claim or claims shall continue
until disposition of any and all such claims, provided that in no event shall
the liability of Parent and the Surviving Corporation in the aggregate under
this provision exceed $115 million.

     
The Surviving Corporation shall also maintain the Company's existing
officers' and directors' liability insurance policy ("D&O Insurance") for a
period of not less than six years after the Effective Time, but only to the
extent related to actions or omissions prior to the Effective Time.
The
Surviving Corporation has the option to substitute for the existing D&O
Insurance policies of substantially similar coverage and amounts containing
terms no less advantageous to such former directors or officers, provided that
the annual premiums to be paid with respect to the maintenance of such D&O
Insurance during such six-year period shall not exceed two hundred percent
(200%) of the premium paid by the Company for such D&O Insurance during the year
ended December 31, 2000, it being agreed and understood that if such policies
cannot be obtained at such cost, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
obtain as much of such policies as can be obtained at a cost equal to such
amount.

     
The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and
its subsidiaries shall contain provisions no less favorable with respect to
indemnification than are currently set forth in the Bylaws of the Company and
any Company Subsidiary, which provisions shall not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified for a period of six years from the Effective Time in any
manner that would affect adversely the rights thereunder of individuals who, at
or prior to the Effective Time, were Indemnified Parties, unless such
modification shall be required by Law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Surviving Corporation shall not be obligated to maintain the provisions of the
Company's and the Company's Subsidiaries' Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation
that provide for indemnification of directors and officers in their capacities
as stockholders.

     
Conditions Precedent.  
The obligations of the Company, Parent and us to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, in whole or in
part (where permissible by applicable law), at or prior to the closing of the
Merger, of each of the following conditions: (a) no Governmental Authority or
court of competent jurisdiction located or having jurisdiction in the United
States shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Laws or
Governmental Order which is then in effect making the consummation of the Merger
illegal or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the Merger; (b) if required by
applicable law in order to consummate the Merger the Company Stockholders'
Approval shall have been obtained,
(c) Parent, us or our Affiliates shall have
purchased Shares pursuant to the Offer; and (d) all approvals of Governmental
Authorities necessary to consummate the Merger and other transactions
contemplated therein shall have been received and shall be in effect at the
Effective Time.

     
Termination.  
The Merger Agreement provides that it may be terminated and
the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval by the Company's stockholders:

          (i) by the mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;

          (ii) by either Parent or the Company if the Effective Time shall not
     have occurred on or before May 31, 2001; provided that the party seeking to
     terminate the Merger Agreement shall not have breached in any material
     respect its obligations under the Merger Agreement in any manner that shall
     have proximately contributed to the failure to consummate the Merger on or
     before May 31, 2001;

          (iii) by the Company if there has been a material breach by us or
     Parent of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in
     the Merger Agreement which breach (if susceptible to cure) has not been
     cured in all material respects within five business days following receipt
     by us or Parent of notice of such breach;

          (iv) by either Parent or the Company if any court of competent
     jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority shall have issued an order,
     decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently enjoining,
     restraining or otherwise prohibiting the acceptance for payment of, or
     payment for, the Common Shares or Preferred Shares pursuant to the Offer or
     the Merger and such order, decree or ruling or other action shall have
     become final and nonappealable, provided that the party seeking to
     terminate the Merger Agreement shall have used its reasonable best efforts
     to remove or lift such order, decree or ruling;

          (v) by Parent, if (i) the Board of Directors of the Company (A)
     withdraws, modifies or changes (including by amendment of the Schedule
     14D-9) its recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger
     in a manner adverse to Parent or shall have resolved to do any of the
     foregoing, (B) shall have recommended to the stockholders of the Company
     any Acquisition Proposal or resolved to do so or (C) shall have failed to
     reaffirm publicly and unconditionally its recommendation to the Company's
     stockholders that they tender their Shares in the Offer, which public
     reaffirmation must be made within five days after Parent's written request
     to do so; or (ii) the Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied by
     the Expiration Date and (A) a third party shall have made or caused to be
     made an Acquisition Proposal, or (B) any "group" (as defined in Section
     13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) or Person (including the Company or any of
     its Affiliates), other than Parent or any of its Affiliates, shall have
     become the beneficial owner of more than 50% of the Common Shares or 50% of
     the Preferred Shares; provided, however, the current ownership of Shares by
     the Company's stockholders who are party to either the Tender Agreement or
     the Tender and Voting Agreement shall not be deemed to trigger this clause
     (B);

          (vi) by the Company, if, prior to the acceptance of and payment for
     the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Company's Board of Directors shall
     have determined to recommend a Superior Proposal and the Company makes the
     payment of the Termination Fee and Expense Fee (each as defined below) as
     required under the Merger Agreement.
For purposes of the Merger Agreement,
     "Superior Proposal" means an unsolicited bona fide proposal made by a third
     party relating to an Acquisition Proposal on terms that the Board of
     Directors of the Company determines it cannot reject in favor of the Offer
     and the Merger, based on applicable fiduciary duties and after consultation
     with the Company's outside counsel (taking into account among other things
     the legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the Acquisition
     Proposal, the Person making such Acquisition Proposal, the likelihood of
     consummation and the time required to complete such transaction); provided,
     however, that the Company shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger
     Agreement pursuant to this provision unless it has complied with Section
     6.08 of the Merger Agreement (relating to non-solicitation) and used all
     reasonable efforts to provide Parent with two business days prior written
     notice of its intent to so terminate the Merger Agreement together with a
     detailed summary of the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal;
     provided further, that prior to any such termination, the Company shall,
     and shall cause its respective financial and legal advisors to, negotiate
     in good faith with Parent to make such adjustments in the terms and
     conditions of the Merger Agreement as would enable the Company to proceed
     with the transactions contemplated herein, and it is acknowledged by Parent
     that such negotiations with Parent shall be conducted in a manner
     consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company's Board of Directors;

          (vii) by the Company if (i) we fail to commence the Offer in violation
     of the Merger Agreement (relating to the Offer), provided, however, that
     the Company may not terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to this
     provision if the Company has materially breached the Merger Agreement, or
     (ii) we fail to purchase validly tendered Shares in violation of the terms
     of the Merger Agreement;

          (viii) by Parent or the Company if the Offer is terminated or
     withdrawn or shall have expired pursuant to its terms without any Shares
     being purchased thereunder; provided, however, that neither Parent nor the
     Company may terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to this provision if
     such party (or in the case of Parent, we) shall have materially breached
     the Agreement; or

          (ix) by Parent if the Company shall have breached any of its
     representations or warranties in the Merger Agreement which breach would
     give rise to the failure of the condition set forth in clause (e) of the
     conditions of the Offer (see Section 14 -- "Certain Conditions to Our
     Obligations") to be satisfied or if, prior to consummation of the Offer,
     the Company shall have failed to perform its covenants or other agreements
     contained in the Merger Agreement which failure to perform would give rise
     to the failure of the condition set forth in clause (e) of the conditions
     of the Offer (see Section 14 --
"Certain Conditions to Our Obligations") to
     be satisfied, which breach or failure to perform is incapable of being
     cured or has not been cured by the date that is five business days
     following written notice thereof to the Company from Parent.

     
Effect of Termination; Termination Fee.  
In the event of termination of the
Merger Agreement pursuant to the above provisions, all obligations of the
parties shall terminate, except the obligations of the parties pursuant to
certain provisions of the Merger Agreement, provided that nothing shall relieve
any party from liability for any breaches of the Merger Agreement.
In the event
that the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause (v)(i) under
"Termination" above (other than clause (v)(i)(A) if no Acquisition Proposal
shall have been publicly announced or disclosed) or clause (vi) under
"Termination" above, then the Company shall promptly (and in any event within
one Business Day after such termination or, in the case of any such termination
by the Company, prior to such termination) pay Parent an amount equal to (i) a
termination fee of $5,200,000 (the "Termination Fee"), provided, however, that
in no event shall more than one Termination Fee be payable by the Company plus
(ii) Parent's aggregate Expenses up to $500,000 (the "Expense Fee").
In the
event that the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause (v)(i)(A) under
"Termination" above (if no Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly
announced or disclosed) and within 12 months of the date of termination of the
Merger Agreement a transaction constituting an Acquisition Proposal is
consummated, the Company shall, prior to or simultaneously with the consummation
of such transaction, pay Parent the Termination Fee and the Expense Fee.
In the
event that the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause (v)(ii) hereof
and within 12 months of the date of termination of the Merger Agreement either
(A) a transaction constituting an Acquisition Proposal is consummated or (B) any
"group" (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) or Person
(including the Company or any of its Affiliates), other than Parent or any of
its Affiliates, shall have become the beneficial owner of more than 50% of the
Common Shares or 50% of the Preferred Shares, the Company shall, prior to or
simultaneously with the consummation of such transaction or the acquisition of
such Common Shares or Preferred Shares, pay Parent the Termination Fee and the
Expense Fee; provided, however, the current ownership of Shares by the Company's
stockholders who are party to either the Tender Agreement or the Tender and
Voting Agreement shall not be deemed to trigger this clause (B); and provided
further that the acquisition of additional Preferred Shares by any of the
current holders of Preferred Shares by virtue of a transfer or purchase of such
Preferred Shares from another current holder of Preferred Shares shall not be
deemed to trigger this clause (B).
In no event shall the Company be obligated to
pay more than one Termination Fee and Expense Fee pursuant to this provision of
the Merger Agreement.

     
Amendment.  
The Merger Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a)
by an instrument in writing signed by each of, or on behalf of each of, the
parties or (b) by a waiver in accordance with the waiver provisions of the
Merger Agreement.


TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENT

     General.  
As a condition of our willingness to enter into the Merger
Agreement, we required that each of the Selling Stockholders set forth therein
enter into the Tender and Voting Agreement.
Such Selling Stockholders
beneficially own an aggregate of 3,386,796 outstanding Common Shares and

2,801,055 outstanding Preferred Shares (representing approximately 42.2% of the
Common Shares and 93.6% of the Preferred Shares outstanding on January 18, 2001,
on a fully diluted basis).
Such Selling Stockholders also own, as of such date,
Company Options and Company Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 757,529
Common Shares.
The following Selling Stockholders, together with their
respective numbers of outstanding Shares subject thereto, are the parties to the
Tender and Voting Agreement: V&C Energy Limited Partnership -- 1,378,050 Common
Shares and 456,250 Preferred Shares; Quantum Energy Partners, LP -- 2,075,663
Preferred Shares; Jerry M. Crews -- 279,903 Common Shares and 6,250 Preferred
Shares; Francis M. Mury -- 110,582 Common Shares; Robert E. LaJoie -- 140,417
Common Shares; Richard J. Glover -- 158,584 Common Shares; The Lincoln National
Life Insurance Co. -- 516,942 Common Shares; EnCap Equity 1996 Limited
Partnership -- 320,904 Common Shares and 159,059 Preferred Shares; Energy
Capital Investment Company PLC -- 106,968 Common Shares and 103,783 Preferred
Shares; and First Union Capital Partners, Inc. -- 374,446 Common Shares.
In
addition, as of January 18, 2001, Mr. Crews holds Company Options exercisable
for 121,000 Common Shares, Mr. Mury holds Company Options exercisable for
121,100 Common Shares and Mr. LaJoie holds Company Options exercisable for
33,700 Common Shares.
Also as of such date, The Lincoln National Life Insurance
Co. holds Company Warrants exercisable for 293,471 Common Shares and First Union
Capital Partners, Inc. holds Company Warrants exercisable for 188,158 Common
Shares.
Mr. Crews is an executive vice president, secretary and director of the
Company.
Mr. Mury is an executive vice president of the Company.
Mr. LaJoie is a
director of the Company.

     
Agreement to Tender.  
Pursuant to the Tender and Voting Agreement, each
Selling Stockholder has agreed, severally (and not jointly), to validly tender
(or cause the record owner of such Tender Shares to validly tender), pursuant to
and in accordance with the terms of the Offer, as soon as practicable after
commencement of the Offer but in no event later than ten business days after the
date of commencement of the Offer, all Common Shares and Preferred Shares
legally or beneficially owned by such Selling Stockholder on the date of the
Tender and Voting Agreement, together with any Shares acquired after such date
and prior to the termination of the Offer, whether upon the exercise of the
Company Options, Company Warrants, conversion of convertible securities or
otherwise (collectively, the "Tender Shares") by physical delivery of the
certificates for such Tender Shares and to not withdraw such Tender Shares,
except following termination of the Offer pursuant to its terms.
Any Preferred
Shares tendered pursuant to this provision and acquired pursuant to the Offer
include all rights associated with such Shares, including but not limited to all
cash and non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, other Shares or other
securities issued, paid or distributed, issuable, payable or distributable in
respect thereof on or after the date of the Tender and Voting Agreement
(including without limitation, with respect to the Preferred Shares, rights to
dividends pursuant to Section 4.17 of the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement).

Each Selling Stockholder has agreed and acknowledged that it will have no rights
to dividends on its Preferred Shares payable on or at any time subsequent to the
purchase of such Preferred Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     
Voting Agreement.  
During the time the Tender and Voting Agreement is in
effect, each Selling Stockholder has agreed (severally and not jointly) that at
any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however called, or in any other
circumstance in which the vote, consent or approval of stockholders of the
Company is sought, such Selling Stockholder shall (i) vote the Tender Shares to
approve and vote in favor of the Merger Agreement; (ii) vote the Tender Shares
against any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company
under the Merger Agreement; and (iii) vote the Tender Shares against any action
or agreement (other than the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated
thereby) that would impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or attempt to
discourage the Merger or the Offer, including, but not limited to: (1) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation or other
business combination involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (2) a
sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries or a reorganization, recapitalization or liquidation of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries; (3) any change in the management or board
of directors of the Company, except as otherwise agreed to in writing by
Purchaser; (4) any material change in the present capitalization or dividend
policy of the Company; or (5) any other material change in the Company's
corporate structure or business.

     
Grant of Irrevocable Proxy.  
Each Selling Stockholder has irrevocably
granted to, and appointed Parent such Selling Stockholder's proxy and
attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place
and stead of such Selling Stockholder, to vote the Tender Shares to approve and
vote in favor of the Offer, the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, against any Acquisition Proposal and
otherwise as contemplated by the provisions of the Tender and Voting Agreement
relating to voting.

     
No Disposition of Selling Stockholders' Shares and No Acquisition of
Shares.  
Each Selling Stockholder severally (and not jointly) covenants and
agrees that, except as contemplated by the Tender and Voting Agreement and the
Merger Agreement, such Selling Stockholder will not (i) except to us, transfer
(which term shall include, without limitation, any sale, gift, pledge or other
disposition), or consent to any transfer of, any or all of the Company Options,
Company Warrants or Tender Shares or any interest therein, (ii) except with
Parent, enter into any contract, option or other agreement or understanding with
respect to any transfer of any or all of the Company Options, Company Warrants
or Tender Shares or any interest therein, (iii) grant any proxy,
power-of-attorney or other authorization in or with respect to the Company
Options, Company Warrants or Tender Shares, (iv) deposit any Company Options,
Company Warrants or Tender Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting
agreement or arrangement with respect to the Tender Shares, (v) with respect to
any Selling Stockholder that is a holder of Preferred Shares, (A) elect, under
Section 3(C) of the Designation of Preferences, Limitations and Rights of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the "Designation"), to have the
Offer or Merger or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
treated as a Liquidation (as defined in the Designation) or (B) convert any
Preferred Shares held by such Selling Stockholder into any other series or class
of securities of the Company or (vi) take any other action that would in any way
restrict, limit or interfere with the performance of its obligations hereunder
or the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement or which
would make any representation or warranty of such Selling Stockholder hereunder
untrue or incorrect.

     
No Solicitation.  
Each Selling Stockholder severally (and not jointly) has
agreed that it shall not, and shall not permit or authorize any of its
affiliates, representatives or agents to, directly or indirectly, encourage,
solicit, explore, participate in or initiate discussions or negotiations with,
or provide or disclose any information to, any Person or group (other than
Parent, us or any of our affiliates or representatives) concerning any
Acquisition Proposal or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding
requiring the Company to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the Offer, the
Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
Each
Stockholder has also agreed to immediately cease any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted prior to the execution of
the Tender and Voting Agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.
From
and after the execution of the Tender and Voting Agreement, each Stockholder
shall immediately advise Parent in writing of the receipt, directly or
indirectly, of any inquiries, discussions, negotiations or proposals relating to
an Acquisition Proposal, identify the offeror and furnish to Parent a copy of
any such proposal or inquiry, if it is in writing, or a written summary of any
oral proposal or inquiry relating to an Acquisition Proposal.
Such Selling
Stockholder shall promptly advise Parent in writing of any development relating
to such proposal, including the results of any discussions or negotiations with
respect thereto.
Any action taken by the Company or any member of the Board of
Directors of the Company including, if applicable, any representative of any
Selling Stockholder acting in such capacity, in accordance with the second
sentence of Section 6.08 of the Merger Agreement (relating to non-solicitation)
shall be deemed not to violate this provision of the Tender and Voting
Agreement.

     
Waiver of Appraisal Rights.  
Each Stockholder has waived any rights of
appraisal or rights to dissent from the Merger that it may have.

     
Payment for Tender Shares in Excess of the Common Share Offer Price or the
Preferred Share Offer Price.  
Each Selling Stockholder has severally (and not
jointly) agreed that, if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
8.01(e) or (f) of the Merger Agreement, fifty percent (50%) of any incremental
value such Stockholder actually receives for its equity in the Company
(including but not limited to any Shares, Company Options and Company Warrants
beneficially owned by such Stockholder)

resulting from or attributable to an Acquisition Proposal (other than with us or
Parent) that is entered into or consummated within six months of the termination
of the Merger Agreement that exceeds $8.25 per Common Share or $18.04 per
Preferred Share (100% of such excess amount with respect to the Common Shares,
Company Options, Company Warrants and the Preferred Shares, as applicable,
collectively referred to as the "Excess Amount") shall belong to Parent.
Each
Selling Stockholder severally (and not jointly) accordingly agrees to hold in
trust for the benefit of Parent, and to remit to Parent (in the same form of
consideration as received by Stockholder) within three business days of any
receipt thereof, fifty percent (50%) of any Excess Amount or Amounts that such
Stockholder actually receives from any Person.

     
Transfer of Options and Warrants.  
The Tender and Voting Agreement also
provides that each Selling Stockholder holding Company Options or Company
Warrants has agreed severally (and not jointly) that so long as the Tender and
Voting Agreement remains in effect, such Selling Stockholder (for purposes of
this section an "Optionholder") will not transfer or exercise any Company
Options or Company Warrants held by such Optionholder except to an Affiliate of
such Stockholder that becomes a party to the Tender and Voting Agreement or a
similar agreement; provided, however, that at the Effective Time each
Optionholder has agreed to accept an amount in respect of such Company Options
equal to the Company Option Payments, and each such Company Option will
thereafter be cancelled; and an amount in respect of such Company Warrants equal
to the Company Warrant Payments, and each such Company Warrant will thereafter
be cancelled.
Nothing in the Tender and Voting Agreement will limit the ability
of the holders of the Company Options or Company Warrants to exercise such
securities in accordance with their terms, provided that such holder tenders the
Common Shares issued upon exercise thereof in the Offer.

     
Waiver of Certain Put Rights.  
Certain Selling Stockholders of the Company,
Energy Capital Investment Company, PLC, EnCap Equity 1996 Limited Partnership,
and First Union Capital Partners, Inc., have the right to require the Company to
repurchase certain securities of the Company pursuant to agreements with the
Company.
Subject to the termination provisions of the Voting and Tender
Agreement, such Selling Stockholders have waived such put rights.

     
Waiver of Management Rights.  
One of the Selling Stockholders, V&C Energy
Limited Partnership, who may have certain special rights relating to the
management and future activities of the Company and its Affiliates (the
"Management Rights"), including but not limited to the right to participate in
acquisitions and dispositions of the Company, its Affiliates, and of various
assets, interests or other properties by the Company or its Affiliates, has,
subject to the termination provisions of the Voting and Tender Agreement,
irrevocably waived the Management Rights and agreed that neither Parent, us nor
the Surviving Corporation will have any continuing obligation to such
stockholder with respect to such Management Rights or any similar special right
to control or effect the affairs or activities of the Surviving Corporation or
its Affiliates.

     Representations and Warranties.  
The Tender and Voting Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties by each Selling Stockholder severally
(and not jointly) to Parent and us, including those relating to (i) the
ownership and title to Shares, and the absence of liens or encumbrances, (ii)
authority to enter into and perform obligations under the Tender and Voting
Agreement, (iii) noncontravention and enforceability, and (iv) the absence of
finder's fees.


TENDER AGREEMENT

     As a condition of our willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, we
required that each of the Selling Stockholders set forth therein enter into the
Tender Agreement.
Such Selling Stockholders beneficially own an aggregate of
300,779 outstanding Common Shares and 190,460 outstanding Preferred Shares
(representing approximately 3.7% of the Common Shares and 6.4% of the Preferred
Shares outstanding on January 18, 2001, on a fully diluted basis).
In addition,
as of January 18, 2001, such Selling Stockholders own Company Options
exercisable for an aggregate of 242,200 Common Shares.
The provisions of the
Tender Agreement are substantially similar to the terms and conditions of the
Tender and

Voting Agreement, except that the Selling Stockholders party to the Tender
Agreement make no representations or agreements regarding the voting of, or the
granting of an irrevocable proxy in connection with the voting of, the Tender
Shares in favor of the Offer, the Merger and other transactions.
The following
Selling Stockholders, together with their respective numbers of outstanding
Shares subject thereto, are parties to the Tender Agreement: El Paso Capital
Investment Company LLC -- 152,291 Preferred Shares; Thomas A. Reiser -- 48,304
Common Shares and 6,919 Preferred Shares; Paul B. David -- 57,257 Common Shares
and 18,750 Preferred Shares; Peggy C. Simpson -- 50,646 Common Shares; Frank A.
Lodzinski -- 40,000 Common Shares; T.W. Hoehn, III -- 104,572 Common Shares; and
Arthur L. Smith -- 12,500 Preferred Shares.
In addition, as of January 18, 2001,
Mr. Reiser holds Company Options for 28,083 Common Shares, Mr. David holds
Company Options for 22,467 Common Shares, Ms. Simpson holds Company Options for
59,317 Common Shares and Mr. Lodzinski holds Company Options for 132,333 Common
Shares.
Mr. Reiser is a director of the Company.
Mr. Lodzinski is President,
Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company.
Mr. Hoehn is a director
of the Company.


CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS

     On October 30, 2000, Parent and the Company entered into a Confidentiality
Agreement (the "October Confidentiality Agreement") pursuant to which the
Company agreed to supply certain information to Parent and Parent agreed to
treat such information as confidential and to use such information solely in
connection with the evaluation of a possible transaction with the Company.

Parent and the Company entered into an additional Confidentiality Agreement
dated December 18, 2000 (together with the October Confidentiality Agreement,
the "Confidentiality Agreements,"), pursuant to which Parent agreed to supply
certain information to the Company and the Company agreed to treat such
information as confidential and to use such information solely in connection
with the evaluation of a possible transaction with Parent.

     
Under the Merger Agreement, Parent and the Company agreed to hold in
confidence all nonpublic information until such time as such information is
otherwise publicly available.
If the Merger Agreement is terminated, each party
will deliver to the other all documents, work papers and other materials
(including copies) obtained by such party or on its behalf from the other party
as a result of the Merger Agreement or in connection with the Merger Agreement,
whether so obtained before or after the execution of the Merger Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Confidentiality Agreements shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement.

     14.
CERTAIN CONDITIONS TO OUR OBLIGATIONS.  
Notwithstanding any other
provisions of the Offer, we shall not be required to accept for payment or,
subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, including
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to our obligation to pay for or
return tendered Shares after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay
for any tendered Shares and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, may
terminate or amend the Offer, if (i) the Minimum Condition has not been
satisfied, or (ii) at any time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and
prior to the time of payment for any Shares any of the following conditions
shall exist or be determined by us to have occurred:

          (a) there shall be any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation,
     legislation, interpretation, ruling, judgment, order or injunction enacted,
     enforced, promulgated, proposed, amended, issued or deemed applicable to
     the Offer by any United States federal, state, local or any foreign
     government, governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or
     commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body (each, a
     "Governmental Authority") that could reasonably be expected to directly or
     indirectly: (1) make the acceptance for payment of, or payment for or
     purchase of all or a substantial number of the Shares pursuant to the
     Offer, illegal, or otherwise restrict or prohibit the making of the Offer
     or the consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (2) result in a significant
     delay in or restrict our ability to accept for payment, pay for or purchase
     all or a substantial number of the Shares pursuant to the Offer or to
     effect the Merger, (3) render us unable to accept for payment or pay for or
     purchase all or a substantial number of the Shares pursuant to the Offer,
     (4) prohibit or

     materially limit the ownership or operation by Parent or us of all or a
     portion of the business or assets of the Company and the Company
     Subsidiaries or compel Parent or us to dispose of or hold separately all or
     a portion of the business or assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or
     us or the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, or seek to impose a
     limitation on the ability of Parent, any of its subsidiaries or us to
     conduct our business or own such assets, (5) impose a limitation on the
     ability of Parent or us effectively to acquire, hold or exercise full
     rights of ownership of the Shares, including the right to vote any Shares
     acquired or owned by us or Parent on an equal basis with all other Shares
     on all matters properly presented to the Company's stockholders, (6)
     require divestiture by Parent or us of Shares, (7) impose any limitations
     on the ability of Parent or us effectively to control the business or
     operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries or (8) which would
     otherwise reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
     result in a Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Effect (as
     defined below); or

          (b)(i) there shall be instituted or pending any action, proceeding or
     counterclaim seeking any of the consequences referred to in clauses (1)
     through (8) of paragraph (a) above, or (ii) there shall have been
     threatened any action, proceeding or counterclaim seeking any of the
     consequences referred to in clauses (1) through (8) of paragraph (a) above
     that, in the good faith judgment of Parent, has a reasonable probability of
     success, or

          (c)(i) it shall have been publicly disclosed or we shall have
     otherwise learned that beneficial ownership (determined for the purposes of
     this paragraph (c) as set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
     Exchange Act) of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares or more than
     50% of the outstanding Preferred Shares has been acquired by any Person
     other than Parent and us and except for any Person having such beneficial
     ownership as of the date of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the Board of
     Directors of the Company (A) withdraws, modifies or changes (including by
     amendment of the Schedule 14D-9) its recommendation of the Offer, the
     Merger Agreement or the Merger in a manner adverse to Parent, (B) shall
     have recommended to the stockholders of the Company any Acquisition
     Proposal, or (C) shall have failed to reaffirm publicly and unconditionally
     its recommendation to the Company's stockholders that they tender their
     Shares in the Offer, which public reaffirmation must be made within five
     days after Parent's written request to do so, (iii) a third party shall
     have entered into a definitive agreement or a written agreement in
     principle with the Company with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, or (iv)
     the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof shall have
     resolved to do any of the foregoing; or

          (d) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with
     its terms, or the Company and we and Parent shall have reached an agreement
     that the Offer or the Merger Agreement be terminated; or

          (e)(i) any of the representations and warranties of the Company set
     forth in Sections 4.02 and 4.03 of the Merger Agreement (relating to
     capitalization and Company subsidiaries, respectively) shall not be true
     and correct as if such representations and warranties were made at the time
     of such determination (except as to any such representation or warranty
     that speaks as of a specific date, which must be untrue or incorrect as of
     such date); (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set
     forth in Section 4.16 of the Merger Agreement (relating to environmental
     matters) shall not be true and correct as if such representations and
     warranties were made at the time of such determination and the cost of
     correcting the breach of such representations and warranties shall be in
     excess of $6.0 million in the aggregate; (iii) any of the other
     representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Merger
     Agreement, when read without any exception or qualification as to
     materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, shall not be true and
     correct as if such representations and warranties were made at the time of
     such determination (except as to any such representation and warranty which
     speaks as of a specific date, which must be untrue or incorrect as of such
     date) except where the failure to be so true and correct would not
     individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect or (iv) the Company shall have breached or failed to observe
     or perform in any material respect any of its material covenants under

     the Merger Agreement, which breach has not been cured in all material
     respects within five business days following receipt by the Company of
     written notice of such breach; or

          (f) any approvals or consents (other than the filing of a certificate
     of merger or approval by the stockholders of the Company of the Merger if
     required by the Nevada Revised Statutes) required to be filed, or obtained
     by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the execution
     and delivery of the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall not have been filed
     or obtained except where the failure to obtain such approval or consent
     would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

          (g) there shall have occurred, and continued to exist, (1) any general
     suspension of, or limitation on prices for, trading in securities on the
     Nasdaq Small-Cap Market, (2) a declaration of a banking moratorium or any
     suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United States, or a
     material limitation (whether or not mandatory) by any Governmental
     Authority on the extension of credit by banks or other lending
     institutions, or (3) in the case of any of the foregoing clauses existing
     at the time of the commencement of the Offer, a material acceleration or
     worsening thereof; or

          (h) since the date of the Merger Agreement there shall have occurred
     any event, change, effect or development that, individually or when
     considered together with any other event, change, effect or development,
     has had or would have a Material Adverse Effect; or

          (i)
There shall exist any Material Title Failure (as defined in the
     Merger Agreement) having a value in excess of $6.0 million.

     
The foregoing conditions (including those set forth in clauses (i), (ii)
and (iii) of the initial paragraph) are for our benefit and the benefit of
Parent and may be asserted by us or by Parent regardless of the circumstances
giving rise to any such conditions and other than clauses (i) and (ii) may be
waived by us or Parent, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time
in their reasonable discretion, in each case, subject to the terms of the Merger
Agreement.
The conditions in clauses (i) and (ii) of the initial paragraph may
not be waived without the written consent of the Company.
The failure by us or
Parent at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a
waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right
which may be asserted at any time and from time to time.

     
A "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means any event, circumstance,
condition, development or occurrence causing, resulting in or having (or with
the passage of time likely to cause, result in or have) a material adverse
effect on the financial condition, business, assets, properties, or results of
operations of Parent and Parent's subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, that
such term shall not include effects that are not applicable primarily to Parent
resulting from market conditions generally in the oil and gas industry
(including without limitation changes in commodities prices).

     
15.
CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS.

     
General.  
Except as set forth in this Section 15, we are not aware of any
approval or other action by any governmental or administrative agency which
would be required for the acquisition or ownership of Shares as contemplated
herein.
Should any such approval or other action be required, it will be sought,
but we have no current intention to delay the purchase of Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, subject, however,
to our right to decline to purchase Shares if any of the conditions specified in
Section 14 -- "Certain Conditions to Our Obligations" shall have occurred.
There
can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be
obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions, or that adverse
consequences might not result to the Company's business or that certain parts of
the Company's business might not have to be disposed of if any such approvals
were not obtained or other action taken.

     
Appraisal Rights.  
Appraisal rights are not available in connection with
the Offer.
Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and which
are (i) held by holders of Shares who shall have not voted in favor of the
Merger or consented to the Merger in writing and (ii) who shall have demanded

properly in writing payment of the fair market value of such Shares in
accordance with Section 92A.420 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (collectively,
the "Dissenting Shares") shall be cancelled and terminated and shall represent
solely the right to receive payment from the Surviving Corporation of the fair
market value of such Shares held by them in accordance with the provisions of
the Nevada Revised Statutes.
Such rights to dissent, if the statutory procedures
are complied with, could lead to a judicial determination of the fair value of
the Dissenting Shares immediately before the effectuation of the Merger
(excluding any appreciation or depreciation in anticipation of the Merger unless
exclusion would be inequitable), required to be paid in cash to such dissenting
holders for their Shares.
In addition, such dissenting stockholders would be
entitled to receive payment of interest from the date of consummation of the
Merger on the amount determined to be the fair value of their Dissenting Shares
at the average rate currently paid by the Company on its principal bank loans
or, if it has no bank loans, at the rate that is fair and equitable under all of
the circumstances.

     
However, holders of Shares who shall have failed to perfect or who
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights for an appraisal of such
shares under the Nevada Revised Statutes shall thereupon have such shares be
deemed to have been cancelled and terminated, as of the Effective Time, and
shall represent solely the right to receive the Common Share Offer Price or the
Preferred Share Offer Price as provided in Section 3.06 of the Merger Agreement,
as applicable, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates that formerly
evidenced such Shares in the manner provided in Section 3.07 of the Merger
Agreement.

     
The Company will give to Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for
appraisal received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
instruments served pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes and received by the
Company and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to demands for payment of fair market value under the Nevada Revised
Statutes.
The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, make any payment with respect to any such demands, or offer to settle,
or settle, any such demands.
Any amount payable to any holder of Shares
exercising dissenters' rights shall be paid solely by the Surviving Corporation
out of its own funds.

     
Nevada State Takeover Laws.  
Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
contains two separate "anti-takeover" statutory provisions: the "Acquisition of
Controlling Interest" statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) and the
"Combinations with Interested Stockholders" statutes (NRS 78.411 through 78.444,
inclusive).

     
The Acquisition of Controlling Interests statutes generally provide that
"control shares" of an "issuing corporation" acquired by any "acquiring person"
shall have voting rights in those "control shares" only to the extent conferred
by a vote of the stockholders of the issuing corporation.
An "issuing
corporation" is a corporation that is organized under the laws of Nevada, has
200 or more stockholders of record, at least 100 of whom have addresses in
Nevada appearing on the stock ledger of the corporation, and does business in
Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation.
The Acquisition of
Controlling Interests statutes do not apply if the Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws of the issuing corporation in effect on the tenth day following the
acquisition of a controlling interest by an acquiring person provide that said
provisions do not apply.
The Company, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, amended
its Bylaws to provide that the provisions of the Acquisition of Controlling
Interest statutes do not apply to the Company.

     
The Combinations with Interested Stockholders statutes generally prohibit
the merger of a "resident domestic corporation" (i.e., a Nevada corporation that
has 200 or more stockholders of record) with an "interested stockholder" for a
three-year period unless the board of directors approves such stockholder's
"acquisition" of shares in advance.
One becomes an "interested stockholder" of a
corporation by beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, ten percent (10%) or
more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of that corporation.

Pursuant to NRS 78.414(3), a person or entity (and its affiliates and
associates) will be considered a "beneficial owner" of shares beneficially owned
by another person or entity if there is any written or other agreement,
arrangement, or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or
disposing of the shares.
However, the prohibitions of the Combinations with
Interested Stockholders Statutes do not apply to the Offer, the Merger
Agreement, the Tender and

Voting Agreement or the Tender Agreement or the transactions contemplated
thereby, since the Company's board of directors has approved the Offer, the
Merger, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement, and the
transactions contemplated thereby prior to the date of such agreements and the
commencement of the Offer.

     
Other State Takeover Laws.  
A number of other states have adopted laws and
regulations applicable to attempts to acquire securities of corporations which
are incorporated, or have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive
offices or principal places of business, or whose business operations otherwise
have substantial economic effects, in such states.
In Edgar v. MITE Corp., in
l982, the Supreme Court of the United States (the "U.S. Supreme Court")
invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover statute,
which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations
meeting certain requirements more difficult.
However, in 1987, in CTS Corp. v.
Dynamics Corp. of America, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana
may, as a matter of corporate law and, in particular, with respect to those
aspects of corporate governance, constitutionally disqualify a potential
acquiror from voting on the affairs of a target corporation without the prior
approval of the remaining stockholders.
The state law before the U.S. Supreme
Court was by its terms applicable only to corporations that had a substantial
number of stockholders in the state and were incorporated there.
Subsequently, a
number of federal courts have ruled that various state takeover statutes were
unconstitutional insofar as they apply to corporations incorporated outside the
state of enactment.

     
The Company conducts business in a number of states throughout the United
States, some of which have enacted takeover laws.
We do not know whether any of
these laws will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger and we have
not attempted to comply with any such laws.
Should any person seek to apply any
state takeover law, we will take such action as then appears desirable, which
may include challenging the validity or applicability of any such statute in
appropriate court proceedings.
In the event it is asserted that one or more
state takeover laws is applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and an appropriate
court does not determine that such laws are inapplicable or invalid as applied
to the Offer, we might be required to file certain information with, or receive
approvals from, the relevant state authorities.
In addition, if enjoined, we
might be unable to accept for payment any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer,
or be delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer and the Merger.
In such
case, we may not be obligated to accept for payment any Shares tendered.
See
Section 14 -- "Certain Conditions to Our Obligations."

     Antitrust.  
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended, and the rules that have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal
Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not be
consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice and the FTC and certain waiting period
requirements have been satisfied.
The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer
and the subsequent Merger are not subject to such requirements.

     
16.
FEES AND EXPENSES.  
Neither we nor Parent, nor any officer, director,
stockholder, agent or other representative of Parent or us, will pay any fees or
commissions to any broker, dealer or other person (other than the Information
Agent) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies and other nominees will, upon request, be
reimbursed by us for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in
forwarding materials to their customers.

     
We have retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., as Information
Agent, and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., as Depositary, in connection with the
Offer.
The Information Agent and the Depositary will receive reasonable and
customary compensation for their services hereunder and reimbursement for their
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
The Information Agent and the Depositary will
also be indemnified by us against certain liabilities in connection with the
Offer.
The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares by mail, telex,
telegraph and personal interviews and may request brokers, dealers and other
nominee stockholders to forward materials relating to the Offer to beneficial
owners of Shares.

     17.
MISCELLANEOUS.  
We are not aware nor is Parent aware of any
jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is prohibited by any administrative
or judicial action pursuant to any valid state statute.
If either we or Parent
become aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or
the acceptance of the Common Shares and Preferred Shares, we and Parent will
make a good faith effort to comply with that state statute.
If, after a good
faith effort, we and Parent cannot comply with the state statute, the Offer will
not be made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of, the holders
of the Common Shares and Preferred Shares in that state.

     
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON OUR BEHALF OR ON PARENT'S BEHALF OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN
THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE OR IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
AND, IF ANY SUCH
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION IS GIVEN OR MADE, IT SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON AS
HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

     
We have filed with the Commission a Schedule TO, pursuant to Section
14(d)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14d-3 promulgated thereunder, furnishing
certain information with respect to the Offer.
Such Schedule TO, and any
amendments thereto, including exhibits, may be examined and copies may be
obtained at the same places and in the same manner as set forth with respect to
the Company in Section 8 -- "Certain Information Concerning the Company" (except
that they will not be available at the regional offices of the Commission).

                                            
OEI ACQUISITION CORP.

January 24, 2001

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF
                             PARENT AND THE OFFEROR

     1.
Directors and Executive Officers of Parent.  
The following table sets
forth the name, business address and present principal occupation or employment
and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five
years of each Director and Executive Officer of Parent.
Unless otherwise
indicated, each such person is a citizen of the United States, and each
occupation set forth opposite an individual's name refers to employment with
Parent.
Neither Parent nor any of the individuals listed below has been
convicted in a criminal proceeding in the past five years.
In addition, neither
Parent nor any of the individuals listed below was a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a
judgment, decree or final order enjoining that person from future violations of,
or prohibiting activities subject to federal or state securities laws, or a
finding of any violation of federal and state securities laws.

                                                          
INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                ----------------------------------

James T. Hackett           Chairman of the Board,     Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Director, President and    Executive Officer of the Company.
Director,
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600    Chief Executive Officer    New Jersey Resources Corporation, Kaiser
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Aluminum Corp. and Temple-Inland Corp.
                                                      Director of the Company since 1998.
                                                      
President and Chief Executive Officer since
                                                      March 1999 and Chairman of the Board since
                                                      January 2000; President and Chief Executive
                                                      Officer of Parent from September 1998 and
                                                      Chairman of the Board of Parent from
                                                      January 1999 to March 1999; Group President
                                                      of Duke Energy's unregulated operations and
                                                      Executive Vice President of Panenergy from
                                                      January 1996 to September 1998.
Prior to
                                                      joining Duke Energy, he was Senior Vice
                                                      President of NGC Corporation (formerly
                                                      Natural Gas Clearinghouse) and President of
                                                      NGC's gathering, processing and liquids
                                                      marketing division.
He became Executive
                                                      Vice President, partner and a member of the
                                                      management committee of Natural Gas
                                                      Clearinghouse in 1993.

William L. Transier        Executive Vice President   Executive Vice President and Chief
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     and Chief Financial        Financial Officer since March 1999;
1001
Fannin, Suite 1600    Officer                    Executive Vice President and Chief
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Financial Officer of Parent from September
                                                      1998 to March 1999; Senior Vice President
                                                      and Chief Financial Officer of Parent from
                                                      May 1996 to September 1998; For the
                                                      previous 20 years, he held a variety of
                                                      positions at KPMG LLP including partner
                                                      from July 1986 until April 1996.

                                       
I-1

                                                          INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                ----------------------------------

Robert K. Reeves           Executive Vice             Executive Vice President, General Counsel
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     President, General         and Secretary since March 1999; Executive
1001
Fannin, Suite 1600    Counsel and Secretary      Vice President, General Counsel and
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Secretary of OEI (predecessor to Parent)
                                                      from June 1997 to March 1999; Senior Vice
                                                      President, General Counsel and Secretary of
                                                      OEI (predecessor to Parent) from May 1994
                                                      to June 1997.

John D. Schiller, Jr.      Executive Vice             Executive Vice President, Operations since
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     President, Operations      March 2000; Senior Vice President, North
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               America Onshore and International
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Operations from March 1999 to March 2000;
                                                      Senior Vice President, Operations of Parent
                                                      from September 1998 to March 1999;
                                                      Production Manager -- Gulf Coast Division
                                                      of Burlington Resources from October 1997
                                                      to August 1998; Engineering Manager -
                                                      Offshore Division of Burlington Resources
                                                      from April 1994 to September 1997.

William S. Flores, Jr.     Senior Vice President,     Senior Vice President, Drilling since March
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Drilling                   1999; Vice President, Drilling of OEI
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               (predecessor to Parent) from March 1998 to
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             March 1999; Vice President, Operations of
                                                      OEI (predecessor to Parent) from August
                                                      1993 to March 1998.

Scott A. Griffiths         Senior Vice President of   Senior Vice President of International
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     International              Exploration since March 1999; Senior Vice
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600    Exploration                President Domestic Exploration of Parent
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             from September 1998 to March 1999; Vice
                                                      President Domestic Exploration of Parent
                                                      from May 1997 to September 1998; Vice
                                                      President of Domestic Exploration of Parent
                                                      from October 1996 to May 1997; Vice
                                                      President of Exploration of Global Natural
                                                      Resources from 1992 to October 1996.

Stephen A. Thorington      Senior Vice President,     Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Finance, Treasury and      and Corporate Development since March 1999;
1001
Fannin, Suite 1600    Corporate Development      Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Parent from May 1996 to March 1999;
                                                      Managing Director of Chase Securities Inc.
                                                      from April 1994 to May 1996.

Bruce W. Busmire           Vice President, Investor   Vice President, Investor Relations since
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Relations                  February 2000; Controller of Altura Energy
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               Ltd. From March 1997 to January 2000; For
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             the previous 16 years, Mr. Busmire held a
                                                      variety of positions in finance, accounting
                                                      and investor relations at Amoco
                                                      Corporation.

                                       
I-2

                                                          INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                ----------------------------------

Mario M. Coll, III         Vice President,            Vice President, Operational Planning and
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Operational Planning and   Chief Information Officer since October
1001
Fannin, Suite 1600    Chief Information          1999; Vice President, Operational Planning
Houston, Texas 77002-6714  Officer                    from March 1999 to October 1999; Vice
                                                      President, Planning -- Corporate and
                                                      International of OEI (predecessor to
                                                      Parent) from April 1998 to March 1999;
                                                      Business Planning Coordinator of OEI
                                                      (predecessor to Parent) from September 1996
                                                      to April 1998; From March 1987 to September
                                                      1996, Mr. Coll held a variety of positions
                                                      in engineering and business development at
                                                      Mobil Exploration and Producing U.S., Inc
                                                      and Mobil New Business Development.

Peggy T. d'Hemecourt       Vice President, Human      Vice President, Human Resources since March
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Resources                  1999; Director, Human Resources of OEI
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               (predecessor to Parent) from March 1998 to
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             February 1999; Vice President, Human
                                                      Resources of UMC Petroleum Corporation from
                                                      April 1997 to February 1998; Director,
                                                      Human Resources of United Meridian
                                                      Corporation ("UMC") from January 1996 to
                                                      March 1997; From 1974 to 1994, Ms.
                                                      d'Hemecourt held a variety of positions in
                                                      Human Resources at Baroid Corporation.

Gordon L. McConnell        Vice President and         Vice President and Controller of the
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Controller                 Company since March 1999; Vice President
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               and Controller of Parent from November 1996
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             to March 1999; Vice President -- Accounting
                                                      of Global Natural Resources from January
                                                      1996 to November 1996; Controller of Global
                                                      Natural Resources from July 1993 to January
                                                      1996.

John J. Patton             Vice President and         Vice President and Associate General
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Associate General          Counsel, since September 1999; Vice
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600    Counsel                    President and Assistant General
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Counsel -- International of OEI
                                                      (predecessor to Parent) from March 1998 to
                                                      March 1999; Senior Vice President and
                                                      General Counsel of UMC from April 1995 to
                                                      March 1998.

Janice Aston White         Vice President,            Vice President, Corporate Communications
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Corporate Communications   since December 2000; Director, Corporate
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               Communications of Parent from November 1999
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             to December 2000.
From January 1997 to
                                                      November 1999, Ms. White owned an
                                                      independent public relations firm, Acclaim
                                                      Communications.
From September 1983 to
                                                      September 1996, Ms. White held various
                                                      corporate communications positions at
                                                      Tenneco Inc. and its subsidiaries.

                                       I-3

                                                          INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                
----------------------------------

Andrew J. Sheu             Vice President, Tax        Vice President, Tax since March 1999;
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.                                Assistant Vice President, Tax of Parent
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               from January 1998 to March 1999; Director,
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Tax of Torch Energy Advisors, Inc. from
                                                      December 1995 to January 1998.
Tax Senior
                                                      Manager at KPMG LLP from July 1991 to
                                                      November 1995.

Winston M. Talbert         Assistant Treasurer,       Assistant Treasurer, Corporate Finance
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Corporate Finance          since October 1999; Assistant Treasurer of
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               PennzEnergy Company from November 1998 to
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             October 1999; Manager, International
                                                      Finance of Pennzoil Company from December
                                                      1996 to November 1998; Manager, Corporate
                                                      Development & Finance of Brown & Root from
                                                      February 1996 to December 1996; Business
                                                      Development Manager of Destec Europe March
                                                      1994 to February 1996.

Frank D. Willoughby        Vice President,            Vice President, Financial Planning since
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Financial Planning         March 1999; Prior to the merger of Parent
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               and Ocean Energy, Inc., a Delaware
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             corporation, Mr. Willoughby held various
                                                      financial positions with OEI (predecessor
                                                      to Parent), including Treasurer and
                                                      Controller.

Carl E. Volke              Vice President,            Vice President, Administration since March
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Administration             1999; Vice President, Administration of
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600                               Parent from November 1996 to March 1999;
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             Director, Administration of Parent from
                                                      November 1986 to November 1996.

J. Evans Attwell           Director                   Director of the Company since 1974; Retired
                                                      Managing Partner, Vinson & Elkins L.L.P;
                                                      Director, American General Corporation.

Barry J. Galt              Director                   Director of the Company since 1983;
                                                      Director, StanCorp Financial Group, Inc.,
                                                      Trinity Industries, Inc. and Friede Goldman
                                                      Halter, Inc.
Elvis L. Mason             Director                   Principal, Elvis Mason & Associates, Inc.
                                                      Consulting and Advisory Services.
Director
                                                      of OEI and a predecessor entity, United
                                                      Meridian Corporation ("UMC"), from 1987
                                                      until election as a director of the Company
                                                      in March 1999.

David K. Newbigging        Director                   Chairman, Friends' Provident Life Office,
                                                      Thistle Hotels plc and Faupel Trading Group
                                                      plc.
Director, Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.
                                                      and Paccar Inc.
Director of OEI and a
                                                      predecessor entity, UMC, from 1987 until
                                                      election as a director of the Company in
                                                      March 1999.

Dee S. Osborne             Director                   Director of the Company since 1983;
                                                      President, Crest Investment Company
                                                      (investments); Director, EOTT Energy Corp.
                                                      (the general partner of EOTT Energy
                                                      Partners, L.P.).

                                       
I-4

                                                          INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                ----------------------------------

Milton Carroll             Director                   Director of the Company since 1997;
                                                      Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                                                      Officer, Instrument Products, Inc.;
                                                      Director, Health Care Service Corporation,
                                                      Reliant Energy, Inc. and TEPPCO Partners,
                                                      LP.

Thomas D. Clark, Jr.       Director                   Ourso Distinguished Professor of Business
                                                      and Dean of College of Business
                                                      Administration at Louisiana State
                                                      University.
Director of OEI from 1997 until
                                                      election as a director of the Company in
                                                      March 1999.

Peter J. Fluor             Director                   Director of the Company since 1980;
                                                      President and Chief Executive Officer,
                                                      Texas Crude Energy, Inc. (independent oil
                                                      and gas company); Director, Fluor
                                                      Corporation.

Robert L. Howard           Director                   Retired Vice President of Domestic
                                                      Operations, Exploration and Production,
                                                      Shell Oil Company.
Director, Southwestern
                                                      Energy Company and McDermott International
                                                      Inc.
Director of OEI and a predecessor
                                                      entity, UMC, from 1996 until election as a
                                                      director of the Company in March 1999.

Charles F. Mitchell, M.D.  Director                   Otolaryngologist and facial plastic
                                                      surgeon.
Director of OEI from 1995 until
                                                      election as a director of the Company in
                                                      March 1999.

John B. Brock              Director                   Director, Southwest Bank of Texas,
                                                      Southwest Bancorporation of Texas, Inc.,
                                                      St. Luke's Episcopal Health System and St.
                                                      Luke's Episcopal Hospital.
Director of OEI
                                                      and a predecessor entity, UMC, from 1989
                                                      until election as a director of the Company
                                                      in March 1999.

     2.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Offeror.  
The following table
sets forth the name, business address and present principal occupation or
employment and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years of each Director and Executive Officer of the Offeror.
Unless
otherwise indicated, each such person is a citizen of the United States.
Neither
the Offeror nor any of the individuals listed below has been convicted in a
criminal proceeding in the past five years.
In addition, neither the Offeror nor
any of the individuals listed below was a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a
judgment, decree or final order enjoining that person from future violations of,
or prohibiting activities subject to federal or state securities laws, or a
finding of any violation of federal and state securities laws.

                                       
I-5

                                                          INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                ----------------------------------

James T. Hackett           Chairman of the Board,     Chairman of the Board, President, Director
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     Director, President and    and Chief Executive Officer of Offeror
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600    Chief Executive Officer    since 2001.
Chairman of the Board,
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             President and Chief Executive Officer of
                                                      Parent.
Director, New Jersey Resources
                                                      Corporation, Kaiser Aluminum Corp. and
                                                      Temple-Inland Corp. Director of Parent
                                                      since 1998.
President and Chief Executive
                                                      Officer of Parent since March 1999 and
                                                      Chairman of the Board of Parent since
                                                      January 2000; President and Chief Executive
                                                      Officer of Parent from September 1998 and
                                                      Chairman of the Board of Parent from
                                                      January 1999 to March 1999; Group President
                                                      of Duke Energy's unregulated operations and
                                                      Executive Vice President of Panenergy from
                                                      January 1996 to September 1998.
Prior to
                                                      joining Duke Energy, he was Senior Vice
                                                      President of NGC Corporation (formerly
                                                      Natural Gas Clearinghouse) and President of
                                                      NGC's gathering, processing and liquids
                                                      marketing division.
He became Executive
                                                      Vice President, partner and a member of the
                                                      management committee of Natural Gas
                                                      Clearinghouse in 1993.

William L. Transier        Executive Vice             Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     President, Chief           Officer and Director of Offeror since 2001.

1001
Fannin, Suite 1600    Financial Officer, and     Executive Vice President and Chief
Houston, Texas 77002-6714  Director                   Financial Officer of Parent since March
                                                      1999; Executive Vice President and Chief
                                                      Financial Officer of Parent from September
                                                      1998 to March 1999; Senior Vice President
                                                      and Chief Financial Officer of Parent from
                                                      May 1996 to September 1998; For the
                                                      previous 20 years, he held a variety of
                                                      positions at KPMG LLP including partner
                                                      from July 1986 until April 1996.

Robert K. Reeves           Executive Vice             Executive Vice President, General Counsel,
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     President, General         Secretary and Director of Offeror since
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600    Counsel, Secretary and     2001.
Executive Vice President, General
Houston, Texas 77002-6714  Director                   Counsel and Secretary of Parent since March
                                                      1999; Executive Vice President, General
                                                      Counsel and Secretary of OEI (predecessor
                                                      to Parent) from June 1997 to March 1999;
                                                      Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
                                                      Secretary of OEI (predecessor to Parent)
                                                      from May 1994 to June 1997.

                                       I-6

                                                          INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS           OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
- -------------------------           ------                ----------------------------------

John D. Schiller, Jr.      Executive Vice             Executive Vice President -- Operations and
c/o Ocean Energy, Inc.     President -- Operations    Director of Offeror since 2001.
Executive
1001 Fannin, Suite 1600    and Director               Vice President -- Operations of Parent
Houston, Texas 77002-6714                             since March 2000; Senior Vice President,
                                                      North America Onshore and International
                                                      Operations of Parent from March 1999 to
                                                      March 2000; Senior Vice President,
                                                      Operations of Parent from September 1998 to
                                                      March 1999; Production Manager -- Gulf
                                                      Coast Division of Burlington Resources from
                                                      October 1997 to August 1998; Engineering
                                                      Manager - Offshore Division of Burlington
                                                      Resources from April 1994 to September
                                                      1997.

                                       I-7

     Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly
executed, will be accepted.
The Letter of Transmittal, certificates evidencing
Shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each
stockholder or its broker, dealer, commercial bank or other nominee to the
Depositary as follows:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

                   By Mail:                                       By Hand:
        EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.                       Boston EquiServe LP
              Corporate Actions                c/o Securities Transfer & Reporting Services,
                P.O. Box 43014                                      Inc.
          Providence, RI 02940-3014                     100 William Street, Galleria
                                                             New York, NY 10038

          By Facsimile Transmission:                       By Overnight Courier:
                (781) 575-2233                         EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
        Investor Relations Telephone:                        Corporate Actions
                (781) 575-3120                               150 Royall Street
                                                              Canton, MA 02021

     Questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at the addresses and telephone number set forth below.
Additional copies
of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery may be obtained from the Information Agent and will be
furnished promptly at the Offeror's expense.
A stockholder may also contact its
broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company for assistance concerning the
Offer.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                [GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS INC. LOGO]

                          17 State Street, 10th Floor
                               New York, NY 10004
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect (212) 440-9800
                    All Others Call Toll-Free (800) 223-2064

EX-99.(A)(1)(II)

h83324tex99-a1ii.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR COMMON STOCK

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                  TEXOIL, INC.

                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED JANUARY 24, 2001

                                       BY

                             OEI ACQUISITION CORP.,

                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                               OCEAN ENERGY, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
           TIME, ON FEBRUARY 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        
The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

                     By Mail:                                            
By Hand:
           EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.                            Boston EquiServe LP
                 Corporate Actions                  c/o Securities Transfer & Reporting Services, Inc.
                  P.O. Box 43014                               100 William Street, Galleria
             Providence, RI 02940-3014                              New York, NY 10038

            By Facsimile Transmission:                             By Overnight Courier:
                  (781) 575-2233                               EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
           Investor Relations Telephone:                             Corporate Actions
                  (781) 575-3120                                     150
Royall Street
                                                                     Canton, MA 02021

    DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS, OR TRANSMISSION OF
                   INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION,
      OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.


THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

     
THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS TO BE COMPLETED BY HOLDERS OF SHARES OF
COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE ("COMMON SHARES"), OF TEXOIL, INC.
EITHER
IF CERTIFICATES EVIDENCING COMMON SHARES ARE TO BE FORWARDED HEREWITH OR, UNLESS
AN AGENT'S MESSAGE (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE (AS DEFINED BELOW)) IS
UTILIZED, IF A TENDER OF SUCH SHARES IS TO BE MADE BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE
ACCOUNT OF EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS DEPOSITARY (THE "DEPOSITARY"), AT
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (THE "BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY"), IN EACH CASE
PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN SECTION 3 -- "PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING
SHARES" OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE.
DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         DESCRIPTION OF COMMON SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)
       (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S)                          COMMON SHARE(S) TENDERED
         APPEAR(S) ON COMMON SHARE CERTIFICATE(S))                  (ATTACH ADDITIONAL SIGNED LIST IF NECESSARY)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                                      OF COMMON            NUMBER
                                                                                       SHARES             OF COMMON
                                                                 CERTIFICATE        EVIDENCED BY           SHARES
                                                                 NUMBER(S)*        CERTIFICATE(S)*       TENDERED**

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             Total Common Shares
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 *  Need not be completed by stockholders delivering Common Shares by book-entry transfer.
 
**
Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Common Shares evidenced by each certificate delivered to the
    Depositary are being tendered.
See Instruction 4 of this Letter of Transmittal.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The names and addresses of the registered holders should be printed, if not
already printed above, exactly as they appear on the certificates representing
Common Shares tendered hereby.
The certificates and the number of Common Shares
that the undersigned wishes to tender should be indicated in the appropriate
boxes.

     
Holders of Common Shares whose certificates are not immediately available,
or who are unable to deliver their certificates and all other documents required
by this Letter of Transmittal to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration
Date (as defined in Section 1 -- "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date; Extension
of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment" of the Offer to Purchase) or who
cannot complete the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely
basis and who wish to tender their Common Shares must tender their Common Shares
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section
3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.
See Instruction
2 of this Letter of Transmittal.

                    
NOTE:
SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.

                
PLEASE READ ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.


[ ]  I HAVE LOST MY CERTIFICATES THAT REPRESENTED           COMMON SHARES AND
     REQUIRE ASSISTANCE IN OBTAINING A REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE.
I UNDERSTAND
     THAT I MUST CONTACT MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC (THE "TRANSFER AGENT")
TO
     OBTAIN INSTRUCTIONS FOR REPLACING LOST CERTIFICATES.
SEE INSTRUCTION 10.


[ ]  CHECK HERE IF COMMON SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO
     THE DEPOSITARY'S ACCOUNT
AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE
     THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY
MAY
     DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

Name of Tendering Institution
                              -------------------------------------------------

Account Number
               ----------------------------------------------------------------

Transaction Code Number
                        -------------------------------------------------------

[ ] CHECK HERE IF COMMON SHARES ARE BEING TENDERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
    GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
    FOLLOWING (please enclose a photocopy of such guaranteed delivery):

Name(s) of Registered Holder(s)
                               -------------------------------------------------
Window Ticket Number (if any)
                              
--------------------------------------------------

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
                                                  -----------------------------
 Name of Institution Which Guaranteed Delivery
                                              ---------------------------------
     
If delivery is by book-entry transfer, give the following information:

     Name of Tendering Institution
                                   --------------------------------------------
     Account Number
                    -----------------------------------------------------------
     Transaction Code Number
                             --------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to OEI Acquisition Corp., a Nevada
corporation (the "Offeror") and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ocean Energy, Inc.,
a Texas corporation (the "Parent"), the above described shares of common stock,
par value $.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Texoil, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company"), pursuant to the Offeror's offer to purchase (a) all
of the outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock (the "Common Shares"),
at a purchase price of $8.25 per Common Share, net to the seller in cash,
without interest (such price for Common Shares, referred to herein as the
"Common Share Offer Price"), and (b) all of the outstanding shares of the
Company's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share (the
"Preferred Shares"), at a purchase price of $18.04 per Preferred Share, net to
the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 24, 2001 (the
"Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and this Letter
of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
constitute the "Offer").

     
Subject to, and effective upon, the acceptance for payment of the Common
Shares tendered herewith, in accordance with the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), the undersigned hereby
sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, the Offeror all right,
title and interest in and to all of the Common Shares tendered hereby and all
rights associated with such Common Shares, including but not limited to all cash
and non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, other Common Shares or other
securities issued, paid or distributed or issuable, payable or distributable in
respect thereof on or after January 18, 2001, and prior to the transfer to the
name of the Offeror (or nominee or transferee of the Offeror) on the Company's
stock transfer records of the Common Shares tendered herewith (collectively, a
"Distribution") and irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Depositary as the
true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to
such Common Shares (and any Distribution) with full power of substitution (such
power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an
interest) to (i) deliver certificates for such Common Shares (and any
Distribution) or transfer ownership of such Common Shares (and any Distribution)
on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together,
in either case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to
or upon the order of the Offeror, (ii) present such Common Shares (and any
Distribution) for transfer on the books of the Company and (iii) receive all
benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such
Common Shares (and any Distribution), all in accordance with the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer.

     
The undersigned irrevocably appoints designees of Offeror as such
undersigned's agents, attorneys-in-fact and proxies, with full power of
substitution, to the full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to the
Common Shares (and any Distribution) tendered by the undersigned and accepted
for payment by Offeror.
All such powers of attorney and proxies shall be
considered irrevocable and coupled with an interest.
Such appointment will be
effective when, and only to the extent that, Offeror accepts such Common Shares
for payment.
Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of attorney,
proxies and consents given by the undersigned with respect to such Common Shares
(and any Distribution) will be revoked without further action, and no subsequent
powers of attorney and proxies may be given nor any subsequent written consents
executed (and, if given or executed, will not be deemed effective).
The
designees of Offeror will, with respect to the Common Shares (and any
Distribution) for which such appointment is effective, be empowered to exercise
all voting and other rights of the undersigned as they in their sole discretion
may deem proper at any annual or special meeting of Company stockholders or any
adjournment or postponement thereof, by written consent in lieu of any such
meeting or otherwise.
Offeror reserves the right to require that, in order for
the Common Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon Offeror's
acceptance of such Common Shares, Offeror must be able to exercise full voting
rights with respect to such Common Shares (and any Distribution), including,
without limitation, voting at any meeting of stockholders.

     
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that: (i) the undersigned
has full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Common
Shares tendered hereby (and any Distribution) and (ii) when the same are
accepted for payment by the Offeror, the Offeror will acquire good, marketable
and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions,
charges, claims and encumbrances, and the same will not be subject to any
adverse claim and will not have been transferred to the Offeror in violation of
any contractual or other restriction on the transfer thereof.
The undersigned,
upon request, shall execute and deliver all additional documents deemed by the
Depositary or the Offeror to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale,
assignment and transfer of the Common Shares tendered hereby (and any
Distribution).
In addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to
the Depositary for the account of the Offeror any and all Distributions in
respect of the Common Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate
documentation of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or
appropriate assurance thereof, the Offeror shall be entitled, subject to
applicable law, to all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution
and may withhold the

entire Common Share Offer Price or deduct from the Common Share Offer Price the
amount or value of such Distribution as determined by the Offeror in its sole
discretion.

     
No authority conferred herein or agreed to be conferred herein shall be
affected by, and all such authority shall survive, the death or incapacity of
the undersigned.
All obligations of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding
upon the heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in bankruptcy, personal and
legal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.
Tenders of
Common Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that Common
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior the
Expiration Date, and, unless theretofore accepted for payment by the Offeror
pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after March 24, 2001.

See Section 4 -- "Withdrawal Rights" of the Offer to Purchase.

     
The undersigned understands that tenders of Common Shares pursuant to any
of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the
instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned
and the Offeror upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer, including the undersigned's representation that the undersigned owns the
Common Shares being tendered.
The undersigned recognizes that under certain
circumstances set forth in the Offer to Purchase, the Offeror may not be
required to accept for payment any of the Common Shares tendered hereby.
See
Section 14 -- "Certain Conditions to Our Obligations" of the Offer to Purchase.

     
Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box entitled "Special Payment
Instructions", please issue the check for the Common Share Offer Price for all
Common Shares purchased and return any certificates for Common Shares not
tendered or not purchased, in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing
above under "Description of Common Shares Tendered".
Similarly, unless otherwise
indicated in the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions", please mail the
check for the Common Share Offer Price for all Common Shares purchased and
return any certificates for any Common Shares not tendered or not purchased (and
accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered
holder(s) appearing above under "Description of Common Shares Tendered".
If the
boxes entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" and "Special Payment
Instructions" are both completed, please issue the check for the Common Share
Offer Price for all Common Shares purchased and return any certificates for
Common Shares not tendered or not purchased in the name(s) of, and deliver said
check and/or certificate(s) to, the person(s) so indicated.
Unless otherwise
indicated in the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions", in the case of a
book-entry delivery of Common Shares, please credit the account maintained at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility with any Common Shares not purchased.
The
undersigned recognizes that the Offeror has no obligation, pursuant to the
"Special Payment Instructions", to transfer any Common Shares from the name(s)
of the registered holder(s) thereof if the Offeror does not accept for payment
any of the Common Shares tendered hereby.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                  SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

    To be completed ONLY if the check for the Common Share
    Offer Price of Common Shares purchased (less the amount
    of any federal income and backup withholding tax
    required to be withheld) or certificates for Common
    Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be issued in
    the name of someone other than the undersigned, or if
    Common Shares tendered by book-entry transfer which are
    not accepted for payment are to be returned by credit to
    an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer
    Facility other than that shown on page 1.
             Issue [ ] Check [ ] Certificate(s) to:

    Name
         --------------------------------------------------
                         (Please Print)

    
Address
            -----------------------------------------------

    --------------------------------------------------------
                       (Include Zip Code)

    --------------------------------------------------------
    (Recipient's Tax Identification or Social Security No.)
                   (See Substitute W-9 below)
    [ ] Credit Common Shares tendered by book-entry transfer
        that are not accepted for payment to the Book-Entry
        Transfer Facility account designated below.

    
-----------------------------------

    -----------------------------------
       (Depositary Account Number)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                 SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

    To be completed ONLY if the check for the Common Share
    Offer Price of Common Shares purchased (less the amount
    of any federal income and backup withholding tax
    required to be withheld) or certificates for Common
    Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be sent to
    someone other than the undersigned, or to the
    undersigned at an address other than that shown under
    "Description of Common Shares Tendered".

             
Issue [ ] Check [ ] Certificate(s) to:

    Name
         ------------------------------------------------
                          (Please Print)

    
Address
           -----------------------------------------------

    --------------------------------------------------------
                       (Include Zip Code)

    --------------------------------------------------------
    (Recipient's Tax Identification or Social Security No.)
                   (See Substitute W-9 below)

- ----------------------------------------------------------------

                                   IMPORTANT
                            STOCKHOLDERS: SIGN HERE
                   (Also Complete Substitute Form W-9 Below)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        (Signature(s) of Stockholder(s))
                       (See guarantee requirement below)


Dated:
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on stock
certificates or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to
become registered holder(s) by certificate(s) and documents transmitted
herewith.
If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian,
attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary
or representative capacity, please provide the following information.
See
Instruction 5.)

Name(s)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (Please Print)

Capacity (Full Title)
                     
-----------------------------------------------------------

Address
        ------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Include Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone Number
                              -------------------------------------------------

Tax Identification or Social Security Number
                                             -----------------------------------

                        (See Substitute Form W-9 below)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                   (If Required -- See Instructions 1 and 5)

                    
FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY.
     
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS:
PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN THE SPACE BELOW.


Authorized Signature(s)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   Name
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (Please Print)

 
Title
       -------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name of Firm
             -------------------------------------------------------------------

Address
        ------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Include Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone Number
                               -------------------------------------------------

Dated:
       ------------------------------------

                  PAYER'S NAME: EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   SUBSTITUTE                          PART 1 -- PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT  Social Security Number
   FORM W-9                            AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.               
Employer Identification Number
   DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY                                                                 (if awaiting TIN write
   INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE                                                                   "Applied For")
   PAYER'S REQUEST FOR TAXPAYER
   IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ("TIN")
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       PART 2 -- Certification -- Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: (1) The number
                                       shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a
                                       number to be issued to me), and (2) I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I
                                       am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal
                                       Revenue Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to
                                       report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer
                                       subject to backup withholding.
[ ].
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS -- You must cross out item     PART 3 --
                                       (2) above if you have been notified by the IRS that       AWAITING TIN [ ]
                                       you are currently subject to backup withholding
                                       because of underreporting interest or dividends on
                                       your tax return.
However, if after being notified by
                                       the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding
                                       you received another notification from the IRS that
                                       you are no longer subject to backup, do not cross out
                                       item (2).

                                       
Signature                             Date
                                                 ---------------------           -------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING
      OF 31% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.
PLEASE REVIEW
      THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
      NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

              
YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU CHECKED
                     THE BOX IN PART 3 OF THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.

                CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

     I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number
has not been issued to me, and either (1) I have mailed or delivered an
application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate
Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (2)
I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future.
I understand that
if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number, 31% of all reportable
payments made to me will be withheld, but that such amounts will be refunded to
me if I then provide a taxpayer identification number within 60 days.


Signature                                     Date
           ---------------------------------        ------------------

Name (Please print)
                    -------------------------------------------------------

                                  INSTRUCTIONS
             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1. Signature Guarantee.  
No signature guarantee on this Letter of
Transmittal is required if (i) this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this document, shall include
any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears on a
security position listing as the owner of Common Shares) tendered herewith,
unless such holder(s) have completed either the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions" or "Special Payment Instructions" on this Letter of Transmittal or
(ii) such Common Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution
(including most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage
houses) that is a member in good standing of the Securities Transfer Agents
Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee
Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each, an "Eligible
Institution").
In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     
2.
Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Certificates or Book-Entry
Confirmations.  
This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders
either if Common Share certificates are to be forwarded herewith, or unless an
Agent's Message (as defined in Section 2 -- "Acceptance for Payment and Payment
for Shares" of the Offer to Purchase) is utilized, if tenders are to be made
pursuant to the procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer set forth in
Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.

Certificates for all physically tendered Common Shares, or timely confirmation
of a book-entry transfer (a "Book Entry Confirmation") into the Depositary's
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility of all Common Shares delivered by
book-entry transfer, together with this Letter of Transmittal (or manually
signed facsimile hereof) properly completed and duly executed with all required
signature guarantees (or, in connection with a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
Message), and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must
be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein on or
prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 -- "Terms of the Offer;
Expiration Date; Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment" of the
Offer to Purchase), or the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed
delivery procedures set forth below.
If certificates are forwarded to the
Depositary in multiple deliveries, this Letter of Transmittal (or manually
signed facsimile hereof) properly completed and duly executed with all required
signature guarantees must accompany each such delivery.

     Stockholders whose certificates for Common Shares are not immediately
available, who cannot deliver their certificates and all other required
documents to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date, or who cannot
complete the procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis,
may tender their Common Shares pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures
set forth in Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to
Purchase.
Pursuant to such procedures, (i) such tender must be made by or
through an Eligible Institution, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the
Offeror, must be received by the Depositary, either by hand delivery, mail or
facsimile transmission, on or prior to the Expiration Date and (iii) the
certificates for all physically tendered shares, in proper form for transfer (or
a Book-Entry Confirmation) together with this Letter of Transmittal (or manually
signed facsimile thereof) properly completed and duly executed with all required
signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
Message) and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be
received by the Depositary within three trading days after the date of the
execution of the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
A trading day is any day on
which the Nasdaq Small Cap Market is open for business.

     
The method of delivery of this Letter of Transmittal, the certificates for
Common Shares and all other required documents, including delivery through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at the option and risk of the tendering
stockholder.
If delivery is by mail, registered mail with return receipt
requested, properly insured, is recommended.
In all cases, sufficient time
should be allowed for such documents to reach the Depositary.
Except as
otherwise provided in this Instruction 2, delivery will be deemed made only when
actually received by the Depositary (including, in the case of book-entry
transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation).

     
No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no
fractional Common Shares will be purchased.
All tendering stockholders, by
execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile hereof), waive any right
to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Common Shares for payment.

     
3. Inadequate Space.  
If the space provided herein under "Description of
Common Shares Tendered" is inadequate, the certificate numbers, the number of
Common Shares evidenced by such certificates and the number of Common Shares
tendered should be listed on a separate signed schedule and attached hereto.

     
4.
Partial Tenders (not applicable to stockholders who tender by book-entry
transfer).  
If fewer than all the Common Shares evidenced by any certificate
delivered to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered, fill in the number of
Common Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered".
In such case, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date, new
certificate(s) evidencing the remainder of the Common Shares that were evidenced
by the certificates delivered to the Depositary herewith will be sent to the
person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, unless otherwise provided in the
box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions".
All Common Shares represented by
certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered
unless otherwise indicated.

     
5.
Signatures on Letter of Transmittal, Stock Powers and Endorsements.  
If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Common
Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as
written on the certificates without alteration, enlargement or any other change
whatsoever.

     
If any Common Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or more
holders, all such holders must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     
If any of the Common Shares tendered hereby are registered in names of
different holders on several certificates, it will be necessary to complete,
sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different
registrations of certificates.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Common Shares tendered hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock
powers are required unless payment is to be made, or certificates for Common
Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be issued in the name of, a person
other than the registered holder(s), in which case the certificate(s) tendered
hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either
case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on such
certificate(s), and the signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered owner(s) of the Common Shares tendered hereby, the certificates
tendered hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in
either case signed as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on such
certificates.
Signatures on such certificates and stock powers must be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificate or stock power is signed
by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, agent,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence
satisfactory to the Offeror of such person's authority to so act must be
submitted.

     
6.
Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.  
If a check for the Common
Share Offer Price of any Common Shares tendered hereby is to be issued, or
certificate(s) not tendered or not purchased are to be issued, in the name of a
person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal, or if the check
or any certificate for Common Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be
mailed to someone other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal,
or to the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal but at an address other
than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal must
be completed.
A stockholder tendering by book-entry transfer may request that
Common Shares not accepted for payment be credited to such account maintained at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such stockholder may designate under
"Special Payment Instructions."
If no such instructions are given, such Common
Shares not accepted for payment will be returned by crediting the account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above.

     
7. Stock Transfer Taxes.  
Except as set forth in this Instruction 7, the
Offeror will pay or cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes with respect to
the transfer and sale of the purchased Common Shares to it, or to its order,
pursuant to the Offer.
If, however, payment of the Common Share Offer Price of
any Common Shares purchased is to be made to, or certificate(s) for Common
Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be issued in the name of, a person
other than the registered holder(s), or if tendered certificates are registered
in the name of any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of
Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the
registered holder(s), such other person or otherwise) payable on account of the
transfer to such other person will be deducted from the Common Share Offer Price
of such Common Shares purchased, unless evidence satisfactory to the Offeror of
the payment of such taxes or exemption therefrom is submitted.
Except as
otherwise provided in this Instruction 7, it will not be necessary for transfer
tax stamps to be affixed to the certificate(s) listed in this Letter of
Transmittal.

     
8.
Waiver of Conditions.  
Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase), the conditions of the Offer may be waived by
the Offeror, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time in the
Offeror's sole discretion.

     
9.
Substitute Form W-9.  
Each tendering stockholder is required to provide
the Depositary with a correct taxpayer identification number ("TIN"), generally
the stockholder's social security or federal employer identification number, and
with certain other information, on the Substitute Form W-9, which is provided
under "Important Tax Information" below, and to certify, under penalties of
perjury, that such number is correct and that the stockholder is not subject to
backup withholding of federal income tax.
If a tendering stockholder has been
notified by the Internal Revenue Service that such stockholder is subject to
backup withholding, such stockholder must cross out item (2) of the
Certification box (Part 2) of the Substitute Form W-9, unless such stockholder
has since been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that such stockholder is
no longer subject to backup withholding.
Failure to provide the information on
the Substitute Form W-9 may subject the tendering stockholder to 31% federal
income tax withholding on the payment of the Common Share Offer Price of all
Common Shares purchased from such stockholder.
The box in Part 3 of the
Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the tendering stockholder has not been
issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply for a TIN in the near
future.
If the box in Part 3 is checked and the Depositary is not provided with
the TIN within 60 days, the Depositary will withhold 31% on all payments of the
Common Share Offer Price to such stockholder until a TIN is provided to the
Depositary.

     10.
Lost, Mutilated, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates.  
If any
certificate(s) representing shares has been lost, mutilated, destroyed or
stolen, the stockholder should complete this Letter of Transmittal and check the
appropriate box above and promptly notify the Transfer Agent.
The stockholder
will then be instructed as to the steps that must be taken in order to replace
the certificate(s).
This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be
processed until the procedures for replacing lost, mutilated, destroyed or
stolen certificates have been followed.
To expedite replacement, call the
Transfer Agent at (800) 635-9270.
The stockholder may also be required to give
the Company a bond as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it
with respect to the certificate(s) alleged to have been lost, mutilated,
destroyed or stolen.
There can be no assurance that such lost, mutilated,
destroyed or stolen certificate(s) will be replaced prior to the Expiration
Date.

     11.
Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.  
Questions or requests
for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at the address and
telephone number set forth below.
Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase,
this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines
for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may
be obtained from the Information Agent at the address and telephone number set
forth below.
Holders of Common Shares may also contact their brokers, dealers,
commercial banks or trust companies or other nominees for assistance concerning
the Offer.

     
IMPORTANT:  THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE
HEREOF) PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY EXECUTED (WITH ALL REQUIRED GUARANTEES AND
CERTIFICATES OR CONFIRMATION OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED
DOCUMENTS)
OR THE NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY
EXECUTED MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE.

                           
IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

     Under federal income tax law, a stockholder whose tendered Common Shares
are accepted for payment is required to provide the Depositary (as payer) with
such stockholder's current TIN on Substitute Form W-9.
If such stockholder is an
individual, the TIN is such stockholder's social security number.
If the
Depositary is not provided with the correct TIN, the stockholder or other payee
may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.
In
addition, payments that are made to such stockholder or other payee with respect
to Common Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup
withholding of 31%.

     
The box in part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the
tendering stockholder (or other payee) is required to submit a Substitute Form
W-9 and has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply
for a TIN in the near future.
If the box in Part 3 is checked, the tendering
stockholder must also complete the attached Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer
Identification Number in order to avoid backup withholding.
If the box in Part 3
is so checked and the Depositary is not provided with a TIN by the time of
payment, the Depositary will withhold 31% on all such payments of the Common
Share Offer Price until a TIN is provided to the Depositary.
A tendering
stockholder who checks the box in Part 3 in lieu of furnishing his or her TIN
should furnish the Depositary with his or her TIN as soon as it is received.

     
Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporation, and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting
requirements.
In order for a foreign individual or a foreign entity to qualify
as an exempt recipient, that stockholder must submit to the Depositary a
properly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 (a "Form W-8"), signed
under penalties of perjury, attesting to that individual's exempt status.
A Form
W-8 can be obtained from the Depositary.
See the enclosed "Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9" for
additional instructions.

     
If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 31%
of any payment made to the stockholder or other payee.
Backup withholding is not
an additional tax.
Rather, the federal income tax liability of persons subject
to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld.
If
withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained from
the Internal Revenue Service.


PURPOSE OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

     To prevent backup withholding on payments made to a stockholder or other
payee with respect to shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the stockholder is
required to notify the Depositary of the stockholder's current TIN (or the TIN
of any other payee) by completing the form, certifying that the TIN provided on
Substitute Form W-9 is correct (or that such stockholder is awaiting a TIN), and
that (1) the stockholder has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service
that the stockholder is subject to backup withholding as a result of failure to
report all interest or dividends or (2) the Internal Revenue Service has
notified the stockholder that the stockholder is no longer subject to backup
withholding.


WHAT NUMBER TO GIVE THE DEPOSITARY

     The stockholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN (i.e., social
security number or employer identification number) of the record owner of the
shares tendered hereby.
If the shares are registered in more than one name or
are not registered in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed
"Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9" for additional guidance on which number to report.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                  [GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS, INC.]

                          17 STATE STREET, 10TH FLOOR
                               NEW YORK, NY 10004
                 BANKS AND BROKERS CALL COLLECT: (212) 440-9800
                   ALL OTHERS CALL TOLL FREE: (800) 223-2064

EX-99.(A)(1)(III)


h83324tex99-a1iii.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR PREFERRED STOCK

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

            TO TENDER SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                                  TEXOIL, INC.

                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED JANUARY 24, 2001

                                       BY

                             OEI ACQUISITION CORP.,

                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                               OCEAN ENERGY, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
           TIME, ON FEBRUARY 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        
The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

                     By Mail:                                            
By Hand:
           EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.                            Boston EquiServe LP
                 Corporate Actions                  c/o Securities Transfer & Reporting Services, Inc.
                  P.O. Box 43014                               100 William Street, Galleria
             Providence, RI 02940-3014                              New York, NY 10038

            By Facsimile Transmission:                             By Overnight Courier:
                  (781) 575-2233                               EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
           Investor Relations Telephone:                             Corporate Actions
                  (781) 575-3120                                     150
Royall Street
                                                                     Canton, MA 02021

    DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS, OR TRANSMISSION OF
 INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION, OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL
                        NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.


THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

     
THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS TO BE COMPLETED BY HOLDERS OF SHARES OF
SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE ("PREFERRED
SHARES") OF TEXOIL, INC.
WHO HOLD CERTIFICATES EVIDENCING PREFERRED SHARES WHICH
ARE TO BE FORWARDED HEREWITH.
HOLDERS WHOSE CERTIFICATES EVIDENCING PREFERRED
SHARES ARE NOT IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE OR WHO CANNOT DELIVER THEIR CERTIFICATES
AND ALL OTHER DOCUMENTS REQUIRED HEREBY TO THE DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1 -- "TERMS OF THE OFFER; EXPIRATION
DATE; EXTENSION OF TENDER PERIOD; TERMINATION; AMENDMENT" OF THE OFFER TO
PURCHASE) AND WHO WISH TO TENDER THEIR PREFERRED SHARES MUST DO SO PURSUANT TO
THE GUARANTEED DELIVERY PROCEDURE DESCRIBED IN SECTION 3 -- "PROCEDURE FOR
TENDERING SHARES" OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE.
SEE
INSTRUCTION 2 OF THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)
(PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S) AND PREFERRED                  PREFERRED SHARE(S) TENDERED
SHARES TENDERED APPEAR(S) ON PREFERRED SHARE CERTIFICATE(S))        (ATTACH ADDITIONAL SIGNED LIST
IF NECESSARY)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                                    OF PREFERRED           NUMBER
                                                                                       SHARES           OF PREFERRED
                                                                 CERTIFICATE        EVIDENCED
BY           SHARES
                                                                  NUMBER(S)        CERTIFICATE(S)         TENDERED*

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                               Total Preferred
                                                                   Shares
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 *
Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Preferred Shares evidenced by each certificate delivered to
   the Depositary are being tendered.
See Instruction 4 of this Letter of Transmittal.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.

                
PLEASE READ ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.


[ ]  I HAVE LOST MY CERTIFICATES THAT REPRESENTED           PREFERRED SHARES AND
     REQUIRE ASSISTANCE IN OBTAINING A REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE.
I UNDERSTAND
     THAT I MUST CONTACT MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC (THE "TRANSFER AGENT")
TO
     OBTAIN INSTRUCTIONS FOR REPLACING LOST CERTIFICATES.
SEE INSTRUCTION 10.


[ ]  CHECK HERE
IF PREFERRED SHARES ARE BEING TENDERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
     GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
     FOLLOWING (please enclose a photocopy of such guaranteed delivery):

Name(s) of Registered Holder(s):
                                ------------------------------------------------

Window Ticket No.
(if any):
                           -----------------------------------------------------

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
                                                   -----------------------------

Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:
                                              ----------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to OEI Acquisition Corp., a Nevada
corporation (the "Offeror") and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ocean Energy, Inc.,
a Texas corporation (the "Parent"), the above-described shares of Series A
Convertible Preferred stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"),
of Texoil, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), pursuant to the Offeror's
offer to purchase (a) all of the outstanding shares of the Company's Preferred
Stock (the "Preferred Shares"), at a purchase price of $18.04 per Share, net to
the seller in cash, without interest (such price for Preferred Shares referred
to herein as the "Preferred Share Offer Price"), and (b) all of the outstanding
shares of the Company's Common Stock (the "Common Shares"), at a purchase price
of $8.25 per Common Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated
January 24, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to
Purchase and any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively
constitute the "Offer").

     
Subject to, and effective upon, the acceptance for payment of the Preferred
Shares tendered herewith, in accordance with the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), the undersigned hereby
sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, the Offeror, all right,
title and interest in and to all of the Preferred Shares tendered hereby and all
rights associated with such Preferred Shares, including but not limited to all
cash and non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, other Preferred Shares or
other securities issued, paid or distributed or issuable, payable or
distributable in respect thereof (including, without limitation, with respect to
the Preferred Shares, rights to dividends pursuant to Section 4.17 of the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 12, 1997 by and among the
Company and certain stockholders, as amended to the date of the Merger
Agreement) on or after January 18, 2001 (collectively, a "Distribution") and
irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Depositary as the true and lawful agent
and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to such Preferred Shares
(and any Distribution) with full power of substitution (such power of attorney
being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest) to (i) deliver
certificates for such Preferred Shares (and any Distribution) together with all
accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of the
Offeror, upon receipt by the Depositary, as the undersigned's agent, of the
Preferred Share Offer Price, (ii) present such Preferred Shares (and any
Distribution) for transfer on the books of the Company and (iii) receive all
benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such
Preferred Shares (and any Distribution), all in accordance with the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer.

     
The undersigned irrevocably appoints designees of Offeror as such
undersigned's agents, attorneys-in-fact and proxies, with full power of
substitution, to the full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to the
Preferred Shares (and any Distribution) tendered by the undersigned and accepted
for payment by Offeror.
All such powers of attorney and proxies shall be
considered irrevocable and coupled with an interest.
Such appointment will be
effective when, and only to the extent that, Offeror accepts such Preferred
Shares for payment.