URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/833081/000095012901501803/0000950129-01-501803.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGERS

     The proposed mergers are the result of arm's length negotiations between
representatives of Pride and Marine.
The following is a summary of the
background of these negotiations, which led to the unanimous approval of the
merger agreement by the boards of directors of both Pride and Marine.

     
On several occasions prior to 2001, Paul A. Bragg, the president and chief
executive officer of Pride, and Jan Rask, the president and chief executive
officer of Marine, held informal conversations regarding a possible combination
of their two companies.
In February 2000, the companies entered into a
confidentiality agreement and exchanged financial data and other relevant
information.
Although several meetings were held between the companies' senior
executive officers, at the end of February 2000 Pride concluded that because of
contingencies relating to its deepwater rig construction program, any further
discussions at that time about a possible combination of the two companies would
not be useful.

     
Between February 2000 and January 2001, there were no discussions or other
communications at any level about a possible combination of Marine and Pride.

     
In January 2001, Mr. Rask approached representatives of Morgan Stanley to
suggest to Pride the possibility of a combination of Pride and Marine.
On
February 14, 2001, the Morgan Stanley representatives and Mr. Rask met with
William E. Macaulay, a director of Pride and the chairman and chief executive
officer of First Reserve Corporation, which manages two investment funds that
own approximately 15% of Pride's outstanding common stock.
The purpose of the
meeting was to explore whether Pride would be interested in opening discussions
about a potential merger.
Following this meeting, Mr. Macaulay provided Mr.
Bragg a summary of what had transpired, including a report on Marine's interest
in revisiting the subject of a possible business combination.

     
On March 8, 2001, Morgan Stanley, after advising both parties that it
wished to act only as an intermediary until each side determined that it wanted
to pursue substantive negotiations, made separate presentations to the senior
executive officers of each of Pride and Marine regarding the strategic and
operational advantages of combining the two companies.
Following those meetings,
Morgan Stanley was asked to develop a more comprehensive analysis of a possible
combination of Pride and Marine.

     
On March 28 and 29, 2001, representatives of Morgan Stanley met with senior
executives of Marine to further elaborate Morgan Stanley's views on the benefits
of the possible business combination and to discuss structure and implementation
of the potential transaction.
Following the meeting on March 29, 2001,
representatives of Morgan Stanley met with Messrs. Bragg, Macaulay and Rask, as
well as Robert L. Barbanell, chairman of the board of Marine, to discuss certain
key elements of a possible merger of Marine and Pride.

     
On March 30, 2001, Marine's board of directors met to receive a report from
Mr. Rask and other senior executives of Marine concerning the possible
transaction with Pride.
At the meeting, management described Morgan Stanley's
views and their own views concerning the possible combination of Marine and
Pride.
The recent meetings with Mr. Bragg and Mr. Macaulay were also reported
and discussed.
At the conclusion of the meeting, there was a consensus that
management should continue discussions and proceed with due diligence
investigations of Pride.

     
On April 2, 2001, Pride and Marine executed a new confidentiality agreement
to facilitate mutual due diligence investigations concerning the possible
business combination.

     
On April 6, 2001, at a meeting of Pride's board of directors, Messrs. Bragg
and Macaulay reviewed various financial, strategic and operational
considerations of a business combination of Pride and Marine and discussed an
analytical summary prepared by Morgan Stanley.
Following that review and
discussion, Pride's Board authorized Messrs. Bragg and Macaulay to continue
their discussions with Messrs. Rask and Barbanell and further authorized Pride's
senior management to cooperate with Marine's senior management in the conduct of
their respective due diligence investigations.

     
Throughout the month of April and in early May 2001, representatives of
Pride and Marine met several times to conduct their respective due diligence
investigations and, in consultation with their respective legal counsel and
independent accountants, to discuss the framework for combination of the two
companies.
Representatives of Morgan Stanley also participated in some of these
meetings.

     
On April 19, 2001, the management of Marine and Pride each provided a
management presentation to the other and to Morgan Stanley.
On April 26, 2001,
Mr. Rask advised Mr. Bragg that Marine intended to retain Morgan Stanley to act
as Marine's financial advisor in any further discussions about a business
combination of Marine with Pride.
On April 27, 2001, Mr. Bragg contacted Salomon
Smith Barney about acting as Pride's financial advisor, and thereafter
representatives of Salomon Smith Barney met on several occasions with senior
executive officers of Pride and conducted financial due diligence investigations
of both Pride and Marine.
On May 3, 2001, Pride formally engaged Salomon Smith
Barney.

     
In a series of meetings in late April and early May 2001 between Messrs.
Bragg and Macaulay on behalf of Pride and Messrs. Barbanell and Rask on behalf
of Marine, the parties reached general agreement on several matters, including
the organization of a new Delaware corporation as the survivor of a business
combination of Marine and Pride, the number of representatives from each of
Marine and Pride that would initially serve on the board of directors of the new
Delaware company and other corporate governance matters, the market focus and
growth strategies for the combined company, and the composition of the new
Delaware company's senior management.

     
Beginning in early May 2001 and continuing through May 23, 2001,
representatives of Pride and Marine, including their respective legal counsel,
held meetings to discuss and negotiate the terms of the proposed merger
agreement and related reciprocal stock option agreements.
In connection with the
negotiation of the proposed merger agreement, the tax treatment and the
financial accounting treatment of the possible transaction was also discussed.

     
On May 1, 2001, a meeting of Marine's board of directors was held in which
certain of Marine's senior executives and its legal counsel participated to
discuss the possible transaction with Pride.
Mr. Rask recapped the earlier
stages of his discussions with Pride and Morgan Stanley and his more recent
discussions.
A general discussion was also held regarding the business strategy
of Pride.
Marine's management reported on the progress of due diligence
investigations of Pride, including physical inspections of certain of Pride's
rigs, and on planned due diligence inquiries that were yet to be completed.
At
the conclusion of the meeting there was a consensus that negotiations should
proceed further with respect to, among other things, the exchange ratios for
Pride's and Marine's common stock, the new Delaware company's strategy, the
identity of the new company's eight member board of directors, its corporate
governance features and the composition of the new company's executive
management.

     
During the week of May 7, 2001 and continuing through May 14, 2001, Messrs.
Bragg, Macaulay, Barbanell and Rask had several meetings and telephone
conversations, in which representatives of both Morgan Stanley and Salomon Smith
Barney participated, to negotiate mutually acceptable exchange ratios of shares
of the new Delaware company for each Pride share and each Marine share.

     
On May 14, 2001, the board of directors of Marine met to receive a
presentation from Morgan Stanley of its analysis of the proposed business
combination with Pride.
Also in attendance were certain of Marine's senior
executives and legal counsel for Marine.
Following Morgan Stanley's presentation
and a question and answer period, representatives of Morgan Stanley were excused
from the meeting and a

general discussion of various points raised in the presentation was held.

Marine's management also updated the Marine board on the status of due diligence
reviews.
Mr. Rask and senior management were then excused from the meeting
following which the outside directors of Marine discussed personnel matters
likely to arise if the proposed transaction were to proceed.
Near the conclusion
of the meeting, Mr. Rask and Marine's other senior managers returned and
Marine's board authorized Mr. Barbanell and Mr. Rask to proceed with negotiating
further the terms of a proposed merger, including the exchange ratio for
Marine's shareholders.
A board meeting was set for the next day for the purpose
of receiving a report from Messrs. Barbanell and Rask on their further
negotiations.

     
On May 15, 2001, Messrs. Barbanell and Rask reported to the Marine board of
directors their recent negotiations with Messrs. Bragg and Macaulay of Pride
since the board meeting of the day before, particularly with respect to the
proposed exchange ratio for the transaction and Marine's desire for the new
company not to have a classified board of directors.
At the conclusion of the
meeting, Mr. Rask was authorized to propose an exchange ratio of one share of
the new company's common stock for each share of Marine common stock and each
share of Pride common stock.

     
On May 16, 2001, Messrs. Bragg, Macaulay and Barbanell reached agreement to
recommend to their respective boards of directors an exchange ratio of one share
of New Pride common stock for each share of Marine common stock and each share
of Pride common stock.

     
On May 17, 2001, Marine's board of directors held a meeting in which
Messrs. Barbanell and Rask reported on their negotiations since the last meeting
of the Marine board.
Mr. Barbanell advised the board that the managements of
both Marine and Pride had agreed to recommend to their respective boards
acceptance of a one-for-one exchange ratio for each share of Marine and Pride
with the new company.
Mr. Barbanell reported that he had discussed with Mr.
Macaulay a number of issues, including the possibility of accounting for the
transaction as a pooling of interests, provided that a definitive agreement
could be reached and publicly announced by June 30, 2001, after which date it
was believed that transactions would be ineligible for pooling of interests
accounting.
With respect to the composition of the new company's board of
directors, Marine's board determined that each director of Marine would nominate
in writing three members from Marine's board, in addition to Mr. Barbanell, to
serve on the board of the combined company, assuming all other aspects of the
merger were satisfactorily resolved.
The three Marine directors receiving the
most nominations would then be proposed by Marine for membership on the new
company's eight member board of directors.
Mr. Barbanell was authorized to
tabulate and announce the results of the nominations at a later date.

     
On May 18, 2001, the board of directors of Pride met to discuss the
proposed form of merger agreement, the mergers and related transactions.

Representatives of Salomon Smith Barney and Pride's legal counsel, together with
members of Pride's senior management, also participated in this meeting.
Salomon
Smith Barney made a presentation regarding the financial terms of the proposed
merger.
After a period of deliberation, which included a review of the terms of
the merger agreement, the tax and accounting objectives expected to be achieved
and related matters, Pride's board adjourned the meeting until May 21, 2001 in
order to provide directors an opportunity to reflect on the proposed mergers.

Pride's board asked Mr. Bragg to nominate at the May 21 meeting four members of
Pride's board to serve on the board of the combined company.

     
On May 21, 2001, Pride's directors reconvened their adjourned May 18
meeting to give further consideration to the proposed mergers and to provide
directors with an opportunity to ask additional questions of Salomon Smith
Barney, legal counsel and senior management.
Following this discussion, Salomon
Smith Barney expressed its oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in
writing) to the effect that as of that date the proposed exchange ratio (taking
into account both the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger) was fair,
from a financial point of view, to holders of Pride common stock on the date of
the opinion.
See "-- Opinion of Salomon Smith Barney Inc." Following receipt of
that oral opinion, Pride's board of directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement and created a merger committee, comprised of Messrs. Bragg and
Macaulay, to take such further action on behalf of the Pride board as may be
necessary to cause the mergers to be consummated.
Mr. Bragg proposed the names
of

four members of Pride's board to serve on the board of the combined company,
which proposal was unanimously approved.

     
On May 23, 2001, Marine's board of directors held a meeting in which
Marine's senior executives and legal counsel participated.
Morgan Stanley
participated in the first part of the meeting.
Prior to the meeting, members of
the Marine board received the proposed form of merger agreement and reciprocal
stock options, copies of the presentation materials to which Morgan Stanley
would refer, and other written materials prepared by management and legal
counsel pertaining to the proposed transaction.
At the outset of the meeting,
the Marine board received further presentations from Morgan Stanley concerning
the proposed transaction, assuming an exchange ratio of one share of the new
company for each share of the common stock of Marine and Pride.
Following the
Morgan Stanley presentation and questions and answers, the Marine board received
the oral opinion of Morgan Stanley, which was subsequently confirmed in writing,
that the consideration to be received by Marine's shareholders in the merger was
fair to Marine's shareholders from a financial point of view.
See "-- Opinion of
Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated."
The board also received a report from
Marine's legal counsel concerning certain features of the proposed merger
documentation.
After a further discussion of various aspects of the merger and
considering Morgan Stanley's fairness opinion, the Marine board of directors
voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement in substantially the form
presented and to recommend that Marine shareholders approve the merger
agreement.
Marine's board also authorized Marine's management to finalize the
merger agreement and take such other action as management deemed necessary to
accomplish the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     
Immediately following the conclusion of the Marine board meeting on May 23,
the merger agreement was finalized and signed by the parties.
The following
morning, Pride and Marine issued a joint press release announcing the execution
of the merger agreement.


PRIDE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGERS

  Reasons for the Marine Merger

     Over the past four years, Pride has experienced substantial growth
resulting from the implementation of its strategy to expand its presence in the
higher margin offshore and international drilling markets.
Since February 1997,
Pride has completed significant acquisitions and newbuild projects as well as
conversions, upgrades and refurbishments of its rig fleet.
Pride now operates a
global fleet of 305 rigs, including two ultra-deepwater drillships, nine
semisubmersible rigs, 19 jack-up rigs, five tender-assisted rigs, three barge
rigs, 21 offshore platform rigs and 246 land-based drilling and workover rigs.

This period of growth has been accompanied by a substantial increase in Pride's
consolidated long-term indebtedness, which amounted to approximately $1.7
billion at March 31, 2001.
The cost of servicing this additional indebtedness
has put constraints on Pride's earnings growth and, consequently, at times the
attractiveness of Pride's common stock in the investment community.
Looking
ahead, it is believed that Pride's current debt levels in relation to its equity
market capitalization could impair Pride's ability to continue to grow its
business.

     
The combination of Pride and Marine presents a unique opportunity for
deleveraging Pride's consolidated balance sheet and, at the same time,
significantly enhances the competitive positions of both Pride and Marine in the
Gulf of Mexico jack-up rig market and elsewhere.
In reaching their conclusion to
approve and recommend the Marine Merger, Pride's directors, in consultation with
members of senior management, legal counsel, independent accountants and
representatives of Salomon Smith Barney, considered many factors, including the
following:

     - By virtue of the fact that Marine is essentially debt-free and the
       mergers will involve the issuance of stock for stock, New Pride's total
       indebtedness as a percentage of total capitalization will be
       approximately 54%, as compared to 62% for Pride.
It is expected that this
       will result in improved credit ratings for Pride's outstanding publicly
       traded debt and will thereby reduce New Pride's borrowing costs.
In this
       connection, both Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investor Services have

       announced that they are reviewing Pride's publicly traded debt securities
       for possible rating upgrades.

     - Following the mergers, New Pride is expected to be in a position to
       reduce long-term indebtedness and further deleverage its consolidated
       balance sheet from cash flow.

     - New Pride will become the second largest operator of jack-up rigs in the
       Gulf of Mexico and the third largest in the world, which is expected to
       substantially improve the combined companies' competitive position.
New
       Pride's competitive position in the deepwater market is also expected to
       improve with the addition of Marine's two deepwater semisubmersible rigs
       to Pride's existing deepwater fleet.

     -
As a larger company with a substantially larger equity market
       capitalization and stronger balance sheet, New Pride is expected to be a
       more credible and attractive participant in additional industry
       consolidation initiatives than Pride can be on a stand-alone basis.

     -
The size of New Pride's equity market capitalization resulting from an
       all-stock transaction is expected to command a higher valuation in the
       stock market than is achievable by Pride alone by providing greater
       liquidity to investors, in addition to reduced debt leverage.

     - The Pride board of directors considered the effect of the combination
       with Marine on cash flow and earnings per share of New Pride as compared
       with Pride on a stand-alone basis.

     -
It is expected that cost savings of at least $10-15 million per year will
       be achievable by New Pride through elimination of redundant shore-based
       facilities and duplicative overhead, increased marketing synergies and
       increased purchasing power.

     -
The combination with Marine will be tax-free to Pride and its
       shareholders.

     
- The combination with Marine is expected to qualify for treatment as a
       pooling of interests under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

     - Pride's board of directors considered the presentation, advice and
       opinion of Salomon Smith Barney delivered at its meeting held on May 18,
       2001 and May 21, 2001, with the opinion being subsequently confirmed in
       writing on May 23, 2001, to the effect that the exchange ratio (taking
       into account both the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger) is
       fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Pride common
       stock on the date of the opinion.

     - Pride's board of directors considered the terms and conditions of the
       merger agreement, including the fixed exchange ratio of New Pride common
       stock for both Pride common stock and Marine common stock, the rights of
       the parties to respond to, evaluate and negotiate competing business
       combination proposals, the circumstances under which the merger agreement
       may be terminated, the size and impact of the termination fees associated
       with any termination, and the terms and conditions of the reciprocal
       stock option agreements and their impact on the accounting treatment of
       possible alternative business combinations.

     - Pride's board of directors considered possible opportunities and
       alternatives that could be available to Pride if the proposed combination
       with Marine were not undertaken, including pursuing other growth
       opportunities and strategies, and the risks, uncertainties and expenses
       of those alternatives.

  
Reasons for the Reincorporation Merger

     Pride was originally incorporated in Louisiana in 1988 as a wholly owned
subsidiary of another company to continue its parent's business of providing
workover and maintenance services for oil and gas wells located onshore in the
United States.
Pride was subsequently spun off as an independent company with a
relatively small equity market capitalization whose stock, while quoted on
Nasdaq, was not actively traded for several years.
In recent years, Pride's
revenues have grown, the nature and geographic scope of its business has
materially changed and its stock, which is now listed on the New York Stock
Exchange, has become more actively traded.
As a result, Pride has, from time to
time, given consideration to whether

Delaware would be more suitable than Louisiana as its corporate domicile.
The
matter received increased attention during the course of negotiations with
Marine when legal counsel for both sides recommended having a Delaware
corporation as the survivor in a combination of Marine and Pride.

     
The reincorporation merger of Pride into New Pride is a requirement for
completing the Marine merger.
Pride's directors believe the following are
advantages to having New Pride domiciled in Delaware rather than Louisiana:

     - Delaware has a well-established body of case law construing the Delaware
       General Corporation Law, which provides businesses with a greater measure
       of predictability than exists in any other jurisdiction.
The certainty
       afforded by the well-established principles of corporate governance under
       the Delaware General Corporation Law should benefit New Pride and its
       stockholders and increase New Pride's ability to attract and retain
       outstanding directors and officers.

     
- The Delaware General Corporation Law is generally acknowledged to be the
       most advanced and flexible corporate statute in the United States.

     
- The Delaware Court of Chancery has an established record of handling
       complex corporate issues with a level of experience, speed of decision
       and degree of sophistication and understanding unmatched by any other
       court in the United States.
The Delaware Supreme Court is highly regarded
       and currently has among its justices former Vice Chancellors and
       corporate practitioners.

     
- The Delaware legislature each year considers and adopts amendments to the
       Delaware General Corporation Law that address the changing needs of
       businesses, including those brought about by changing business and
       information technologies.

     
- Franchise taxes and other costs associated with being domiciled in
       Delaware are not materially different than those associated with being
       domiciled in Louisiana.

     
Pride's board of directors also considered the following additional matters
relating to the reincorporation merger:

     - In order to address shareholder democracy issues raised by Marine and by
       certain institutional investor groups, New Pride's corporate charter does
       not provide for a classified board with directors serving staggered terms
       of three years each (as Pride's charter now provides pursuant to
       shareholder approval received on May 18, 2001).
Instead, all directors of
       New Pride will be elected on an annual basis.

     -
The provisions in New Pride's charter and bylaws that may be deemed to
       have anti-takeover effects are generally less restrictive than those
       contained in Pride's charter and bylaws.
See "Comparison of Rights of
       Shareholders.
"

     - All of Pride's employee benefit plans and programs and its long-term
       incentive plan will become plans and programs of New Pride, and
       outstanding options to purchase Pride common stock will automatically
       become options to purchase the same number of shares of New Pride common
       stock.

     - After the reincorporation merger, shares of New Pride's common stock will
       be traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the Pride symbol ("PDE").

     - Pride's rights and obligations under its material contracts with third
       parties, including contracts governing its long-term indebtedness, will
       continue as rights and obligations of New Pride.

     
In determining whether the mergers are in the best interests of Pride and
its shareholders, Pride's board of directors considered the factors above as a
whole and did not assign relative weights to those factors.
Individual directors
may have weighed each of these factors differently.
Moreover, the foregoing
discussion of Pride's reasons for the mergers is not intended to be exhaustive.


RECOMMENDATION OF PRIDE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Pride's board of directors believes that the mergers are fair to and in the
best interest of Pride's shareholders, and recommends the approval of the merger
agreement.

     
In considering their recommendation, you should be aware that some of the
directors of Pride have interests in the mergers that are different from, or are
in addition to, the interests of Pride shareholders.
Please see the section
entitled "Interests of Certain Persons in the Mergers" that begins on page 39.


MARINE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     From Marine's perspective, the fundamental reason for the mergers is that
its board of directors believes New Pride offers better prospects for improving
shareholder value than Marine offers on its own.
The principal matters
considered by Marine's board of directors in reaching this overall conclusion,
and in unanimously approving and recommending the merger agreement and the
mergers to Marine shareholders, are summarized below:

     - Marine believes that larger companies in its industry enjoy more generous
       stock market valuation multiples than those experienced by smaller
       competitors.
The stock market capitalization of New Pride and its
       "float," or the number of shares of its outstanding common stock not held
       by its affiliates, will each be significantly greater than Marine's stock
       market capitalization and float.
These factors are expected to produce
       better stock market valuation multiples for New Pride than Marine could
       expect if it remained a separate company.

     
- Marine believes that New Pride's senior management and board of directors
       will be committed to further reducing New Pride's net debt position
       following the mergers, and believes that New Pride's management will take
       reasonable steps to do so.
In this regard, the Marine board considers it
       important that the addition of Marine's essentially debt-free assets to
       Pride's assets will contribute substantial free cash flow to New Pride's
       operations that in turn will enable New Pride to further improve its net
       debt position.

     -
The combination of Marine's and Pride's rig fleets should strengthen New
       Pride's ability to compete for business in the Gulf of Mexico jack-up rig
       market and in the deepwater semisubmersible rig market, both of which
       Marine believes offer significant opportunities for revenue growth.

     - Marine expects that the merger will be accretive, assuming a continuation
       of recent industry trends, to earnings per share and cash flow per share
       for Marine shareholders in 2002 and 2003.

     - Marine believes that Pride is poised to enjoy the benefits of substantial
       operating leverage in its business.
Pride has recently made substantial
       capital expenditures to add four additional semisubmersible rigs to its
       fleet.
Assuming the timely deployment of these rigs under market rate
       contracts, Marine believes these assets should contribute substantially
       to New Pride's operating performance in the near term.
Additionally,
       Pride's existing South American land rig and E&P services operations are
       well-established and are positioned to contribute significantly more to
       New Pride's earnings and cash flow if market conditions improve further
       in that region.

     
The Marine board also considered the following information and factors in
reaching its determination to approve the merger agreement and the mergers, to
conclude that the mergers are fair to and in the best interests of Marine
shareholders, and to recommend that shareholders approve the merger agreement:

     - The analyses and presentation on the financial aspects of the proposed
       merger by and the oral opinion of Morgan Stanley delivered on May 23,
       2001, and subsequently confirmed in writing, to the Marine Board that, as
       of such date and based upon and subject to the matters stated in the
       opinion, the consideration to be received in the mergers by the holders
       of Marine common stock was fair from a financial point of view to such
       holders.
See "-- Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated.
"

     - The mergers are expected to be tax-free to Marine shareholders.

     
- The exchange ratios being used in the mergers and the resulting
       continuing 44% ownership interest in New Pride by Marine's shareholders.

     
- The fact that the board of directors of the combined company after the
       transaction will consist of eight directors, four of whom have been
       designated by Marine.

     - Presentations by members of Marine's senior management regarding the
       strategic advantages of combining with Pride, operational aspects of the
       transaction, and the results of management's operational and legal due
       diligence review.

     - Historical information concerning Marine's and Pride's respective
       businesses, financial performance and condition, operations, management,
       competitive position and stock performance.

     - Marine management's view as to the financial condition, results of
       operations and businesses of Marine and Pride before and after giving
       effect to the mergers based on management's due diligence and publicly
       available earnings estimates.

     
- The strategic fit of Marine and Pride, including the belief that the
       mergers have the potential to enhance shareholder value through the
       numerous growth opportunities and synergies resulting from combining the
       two companies' complementary strengths and assets, including
       consolidation savings, financial and operating leverage, and operating
       efficiencies.

     
- The terms and conditions of the merger agreement and reciprocal stock
       option agreements, including the fact that the exchange ratios are fixed,
       the limitations on the interim business operations of each of Marine and
       Pride, the conditions to consummation of the merger, the rights of the
       parties to the merger agreement under certain circumstances to respond
       to, evaluate and negotiate with respect to other business combination
       proposals, the circumstances under which the merger agreement could be
       terminated and the size and impact of the termination fees associated
       with a termination; the grant of reciprocal options to purchase shares of
       common stock by each company, as well as the advice of Marine's financial
       and legal advisors that these provisions were reasonable in the context
       of the transaction and the impact of the reciprocal stock option
       agreements on the accounting treatment of possible alternative business
       combinations.

     
- The interests of the officers and directors of Marine in the mergers,
       including the matters described under "-- Interests of Certain Marine
       Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger," and the impact of the
       mergers on Marine's shareholders and employees.

     
- The expected treatment of the mergers as a pooling of interests
       transaction for financial accounting purposes.

     
- The benefits of having New Pride domiciled in Delaware as described under
       "-- Pride's Reasons for the Mergers.
"

     The foregoing discussion of the factors considered by the Marine board is
not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered.
The
Marine board did not assign relative weights or rank to the factors described
above.
In considering the factors described above, individual members of the
Marine board may have given different weights to different factors.
The Marine
board considered all of these factors as a whole, and overall considered them to
be favorable to and to support its determination and recommendation.


RECOMMENDATION OF MARINE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     At a special meeting held on May 23, 2001, the Marine board unanimously
resolved that the merger agreement and the merger were advisable and in the best
interests of Marine and its shareholders.
At this meeting, the Marine board also
approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the

merger agreement.
Accordingly, the Marine board unanimously recommends that
Marine's shareholders approve the merger agreement.

     
In considering their recommendation, you should be aware that some of the
officers and directors of Marine have interests in the mergers that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Marine shareholders.

Please see the section entitled "Interests of Certain Persons in the Mergers"
that begins on page 39.


OPINION OF SALOMON SMITH BARNEY
INC.

     Salomon Smith Barney was retained to act as financial advisor to Pride in
connection with the proposed mergers.
Pursuant to Salomon Smith Barney's
engagement letter with Pride dated May 3, 2001, Salomon Smith Barney rendered an
oral opinion to the Pride board of directors on May 21, 2001, subsequently
confirmed in writing on May 23, 2001, to the effect that, based upon and subject
to the considerations and limitations set forth in the opinion, its work
described below and other factors it deemed relevant, as of that date, the
exchange ratio (taking into account both the Marine merger and the
reincorporation merger) was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of
Pride common stock on the date of the opinion.

     
The full text of Salomon Smith Barney's written opinion dated May 23, 2001,
which sets forth the assumptions made, general procedures followed, matters
considered and limits on the review undertaken, is included as Annex B to this
document.
The summary of Salomon Smith Barney's opinion set forth below is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.
PRIDE
SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN
ITS ENTIRETY.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney reviewed a draft of the
merger agreement dated May 23, 2001, and held discussions with certain senior
officers and other representatives and advisors of each of Pride and Marine
concerning the business, operations and prospects of Pride and Marine.
Salomon
Smith Barney examined certain publicly available business and financial
information relating to Pride and Marine as well as certain financial forecasts
and other information and data for Pride and Marine which were provided to or
otherwise discussed with Salomon Smith Barney by the managements of Pride and
Marine, including information relating to certain strategic implications and
operational benefits anticipated to result from the mergers.
Salomon Smith
Barney reviewed the financial terms of the mergers as set forth in the merger
agreement in relation to, among other things, current and historical market
prices and trading volumes of Pride common stock and Marine common stock; the
historical and projected earnings and other operating data of Pride and Marine;
and the historical and projected capitalization and financial condition of Pride
and Marine.
Salomon Smith Barney considered, to the extent publicly available,
the financial terms of certain other similar transactions recently effected that
Salomon Smith Barney considered relevant in evaluating the exchange ratio and
analyzed certain financial, stock market and other publicly available
information relating to the businesses of other companies whose operations
Salomon Smith Barney considered relevant in evaluating those of Pride and
Marine.
Salomon Smith Barney also evaluated the pro forma financial impact of
the mergers on New Pride.
In addition to the foregoing, Salomon Smith Barney
conducted such other analyses and examinations and considered such other
information and financial, economic and market criteria as Salomon Smith Barney
deemed appropriate in arriving at its opinion.

     
In rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney assumed and relied, without
independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial
and other information and data publicly available or furnished to or otherwise
reviewed by or discussed with it and further relied upon the assumption that the
managements of Pride and Marine were not aware of any facts that would make any
of such information inaccurate or misleading.
With respect to financial
forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or
discussed with it, Salomon Smith Barney assumed that the managements of Pride
and Marine believed that such forecasts and other information and data had been
reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates
and judgments of the managements of Pride and Marine as to the future financial
performance of Pride and Marine and the strategic implications

and operational benefits anticipated to result from the mergers.
Salomon Smith
Barney expressed no view with respect to such forecasts and other information
and data or the assumptions on which they were based.
Salomon Smith Barney
assumed, with the consent of Pride, that the mergers will be treated as tax-
free reorganizations for United States federal income tax purposes.
Salomon
Smith Barney did not make and was not provided with an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Pride or
Marine, nor did it make any physical inspection of the properties or assets of
Pride or Marine.
Pride advised Salomon Smith Barney, and Salomon Smith Barney
assumed, that the final terms of the merger agreement would not vary materially
from those set forth in the drafts reviewed by it.
Salomon Smith Barney further
assumed that the mergers would be consummated in accordance with the terms of
the merger agreement without waiver of any of the conditions precedent to the
mergers contained in the merger agreement.

     
Salomon Smith Barney noted that its opinion with respect to the exchange
ratio, related to the relative values of Pride and Marine and took into account
both the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger.
Salomon Smith Barney did
not express any opinion as to what the value of the New Pride common stock
actually will be when issued in the reincorporation merger or the price at which
the New Pride common stock will trade subsequent to the reincorporation merger.

Salomon Smith Barney was not requested to consider, and its opinion did not
address, the relative merits of the mergers as compared to any alternative
business strategies that might exist for Pride or the effect of any other
transaction in which Pride might engage.
Salomon Smith Barney further noted that
its opinion related only to the fairness of the exchange ratio to those holders
of Pride common stock as of the date of its opinion.
Salomon Smith Barney's
opinion necessarily was based on information available to it and financial,
stock market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed to it
as of the date of its opinion.

     
Salomon Smith Barney's advisory services and opinion were provided for the
information of the Pride board of directors in its evaluation of the mergers and
did not constitute a recommendation of the mergers to Pride or a recommendation
to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote on any matters
relating to the mergers.

     
In connection with rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney made a
presentation to the Pride board of directors on May 18, 2001, which it updated
on May 21, 2001, with respect to the material analyses performed by Salomon
Smith Barney in evaluating the fairness of the exchange ratio to holders of
Pride common stock as of the date of its opinion.
The following is a summary of
those presentations.
The summary includes information presented in tabular
format.
IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES USED BY SALOMON
SMITH BARNEY, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.

THE TABLES ALONE DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL
ANALYSES.
The following quantitative information, to the extent it is based on
market data, is, except as otherwise indicated, based on market data as it
existed at or prior to May 18, 2001, and is not necessarily indicative of
current or future market conditions.

  
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis

     Salomon Smith Barney derived implied historical exchange ratios by dividing
the closing price per share of Pride common stock by the closing price per share
of Marine common stock for each trading day in the 52-week period ended May 18,
2001.
Such derived exchange ratio is referred to below as the historical
exchange ratio, and was used by Salomon Smith Barney as a basis for comparison
with the actual exchange ratio of 1.00x.
Salomon Smith Barney calculated that
the implied historical exchange ratio as of May 18, 2001 was 1.02x.
Salomon
Smith Barney also calculated the high, low and average implied historical
exchange ratios for certain calendar periods ended May 18, 2001, and based on
these calculations, Salomon Smith Barney derived the implied premium or discount
of the actual exchange ratio

as compared to the average implied historical exchange ratios and the implied
historical exchange ratio as of May 18, 2001.
The following table sets forth the
results of this analysis.

                                                      
IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO         IMPLIED
                                                      -----------------------   PREMIUM/(DISCOUNT)
                                                      HIGH    LOW    AVERAGE        TO AVERAGE
                                                      -----   ----   
--------   ------------------

May 18, 2001........................................   
N/A    N/A      1.02x            (2)%
Last One Month......................................  
1.02x   0.84x    0.92x             9%
Last Three Months...................................  1.02x   0.82x    0.89x            12%
Last Six Months.....................................  1.02x   0.76x    0.88x            14%
Last Twelve Months..................................  1.06x   0.76x    0.91x            10%

  Comparable Companies Analysis

     Salomon Smith Barney compared financial, operating and stock market
information for each of Pride and Marine, with the same information for selected
publicly traded offshore and land drilling companies.
The selected comparable
companies considered by Salomon Smith Barney were:

     - Transocean Sedco Forex Inc.;

     - Noble Drilling Corporation;

     - Global Marine Inc.;

     - Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.;

     - ENSCO International Incorporated;

     - Santa Fe International Corporation;

     - Rowan Companies, Inc.; and

     - Nabors Industries, Inc.

     
The forecasted financial information used by Salomon Smith Barney in the
course of this analysis was based on equity research reports published by
Salomon Smith Barney analysts.
With respect to Marine and the comparable
companies, calculations were made based on the closing price per share of each
company's common stock as of May 18, 2001.
With respect to Pride, Salomon Smith
Barney performed two separate calculations -- one based on the closing price per
share of Pride common stock as of May 18, 2001 of $30.05, and the other based on
the implied value of a share of Pride common stock in the Marine merger of
$29.34 (derived by multiplying the closing price per share of Marine common
stock by the exchange ratio in the Marine merger of 1.00x).

     
For Pride, Marine and each of the selected comparable companies, Salomon
Smith Barney derived and compared, among other things:

     - the ratio of each company's firm value to its estimated earnings before
       interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for 2002;
       and

     - the ratio of the closing price per common share of each company on May
       18, 2001 (and, in the case of Pride, the implied value of a Pride common
       share in the Marine merger) to (a) its estimated earnings per share (EPS)
       for 2002, and (b) its estimated cash flow per share (CFPS), which is
       comprised of net income plus depreciation, amortization and deferred
       taxes for 2002.

     
Firm value, as used by Salomon Smith Barney in its analysis, means equity
value (fully-diluted common stock outstanding multiplied by the closing share
price on May 18, 2001, less any proceeds from the exercise of options or
conversion of securities), plus debt and minority interests, less cash and
investments in unconsolidated affiliates.

     
The following table sets forth the results of these analyses.

                                                                               COMPARABLE COMPANIES
                                                  EXCHANGE RATIO OF            --------------------
                                          PRIDE         1.00X         MARINE      RANGE      MEDIAN
                                          -----   -----------------   ------   -----------   ------

Firm Value to Estimated 2002 EBITDA.....   
6.0x         5.9x           6.1x     6.0x-10.2x    7.9x
Closing Common Share Price to:
  Estimated 2002 EPS....................  10.1x         9.8x          11.1x    10.1x-17.0x   13.3x
  Estimated 2002 CFPS...................   
6.3x         6.2x           7.7x     6.3x-12.3x    9.8x

  Financial Contribution Analysis

     Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the financial contribution of Pride and
Marine to the pro forma merged entity with respect to certain market and
financial data, including:

     - estimated EBITDA for 2001 and 2002;

     - estimated peak EBITDA and trough EBITDA;

     - estimated net income for 2001 and 2002; and

     - estimated cash flow for 2001 and 2002.

     
Salomon Smith Barney performed this analysis using two separate sets of
financial data for Pride and Marine -- one based on equity research published by
Salomon Smith Barney analysts, and the other based on estimates provided by the
managements of Pride and Marine, respectively.
Salomon Smith Barney also
performed a separate analysis assuming that Pride and Marine had comparable
debt-to-total capitalization ratios.
Estimated peak EBITDA and trough EBITDA
were based on analysts' estimates reviewed by Pride management regarding each
company's potential financial performance at the forecasted peak and trough of
the business cycle.

     
In each case, Salomon Smith Barney derived the exchange ratio implied by
the contribution of Pride and Marine to the pro forma merged entity with respect
to each forecasted financial statistic.
The following table sets forth the
results of Salomon Smith Barney's financial contribution analysis.

                                                               EQUITY      MANAGEMENT
                                                              RESEARCH      ESTIMATES
                                                             -----------   -----------

Unadjusted Range...........................................  0.75x-1.53x   0.63x-1.44x
Adjusted for Leverage Range................................  0.63x-1.11x   0.50x-0.95x

     Salomon Smith Barney compared these implied exchange ratios to the actual
exchange ratio of 1.00x.

  
Net Asset Value Summary

     Salomon Smith Barney calculated and compared the total rig asset value and
the net asset value for each of Pride and Marine.
Estimated asset values for
Marine were calculated using financial information contained in equity research
published by Salomon Smith Barney analysts.
Estimated asset values for Pride
were calculated using two separate sets of financial information -- one based on
equity research published by Salomon Smith Barney analysts and the other based
on Pride management estimates.
Based on these calculations, Salomon Smith Barney
derived the net asset value per share for each of Pride and Marine.
Salomon
Smith Barney further derived the implied premium of the closing price per common
share of each company as of May 18, 2001 over the net asset value per share of
such company.

     
Based on this analysis, Salomon Smith Barney derived the implied exchange
ratios by dividing each of the net asset values per share derived for Pride by
the net asset value per share derived for Marine.
The implied exchange ratio
derived using calculations based on equity research published by Salomon Smith
Barney analysts was 0.797x, and the implied exchange ratio derived using
calculations based on Pride management estimates was 1.604x.
Salomon Smith
Barney compared these derived exchange ratios to the actual exchange ratio of
1.00x.

  
Pro Forma Impacts Analysis

     Salomon Smith Barney performed an analysis of the pro forma impact of the
mergers on Pride to derive the implied accretion or dilution to Pride's
estimated EPS and CFPS for 2002 assuming that the mergers will be accounted for
as a pooling-of-interests.
Based on this implied accretion or dilution, Salomon
Smith Barney derived the trading multiple of EPS and CFPS required to be
achieved in order to maintain the value per share of Pride common stock as of
May 18, 2001, of $30.05.
Such a multiple is referred to below as a breakeven
trading multiple.
Salomon Smith Barney compared the breakeven multiples to EPS
and CFPS trading multiples for the selected comparable companies based on the
closing price per common share for each of the comparable companies as of May
18, 2001.

     
Salomon Smith Barney performed this analysis using two separate sets of
financial data for Pride and Marine -- one based on equity research published by
Salomon Smith Barney analysts, and the other based on estimates provided by the
managements of Pride and Marine, respectively.
In each case, Salomon Smith
Barney assumed that pre-tax synergies of $15 million would be realized in the
mergers.
The following table sets forth the results of this analysis.

                                                                                    
COMPARABLE
                                                      ACCRETION/   
BREAKEVEN    COMPANIES TRADING
                                                      (DILUTION)    TRADING    --------------------
                                                       TO PRIDE    MULTIPLE       RANGE      MEDIAN
                                                      ----------   ---------   -----------   ------

Based on Equity Research:
  Estimated 2002 EPS................................     (1.9)%      10.4x     10.1x-17.0x   13.3x
  Estimated 2002 CFPS...............................     (7.0)%       6.9x      6.3x-12.3x    9.8x
Based on Management Estimates:
  Estimated 2002 EPS................................     4.3%         8.5x     10.1x-17.0x   13.3x
  Estimated 2002 CFPS...............................     (4.9)%       6.0x      6.3x-12.3x    9.8x

     Salomon Smith Barney also considered the pro forma capitalization of the
combined company resulting from the mergers.
Using balance sheet data as of
March 31, 2001, Salomon Smith Barney derived the following pro forma percentages
and ratios for the combined entity based on this data and derived similar
percentages and ratios for the comparable companies.
Net debt, as used by
Salomon Smith Barney in its analysis, means debt less cash.
The following table
sets forth the results of this analysis.

                                                                                    
COMPARABLE
                                                                    PRO FORMA       COMPANIES
                                                      PRIDE AT      COMBINED    ------------------
                                                   MARCH 31, 2001    COMPANY      RANGE     MEDIAN
                                                   --------------   ---------   ---------   
------

Total debt as a percentage of book
  capitalization.................................        61%           53%         6%-61%     33%
Net debt as a percentage of book
  capitalization.................................        52%           46%         0%-52%     19%
Total debt to EBITDA for the twelve-month period
  ended March 31, 2001...........................       8.2x          5.3x      0.2x-8.2x    3.1x
Net debt to EBITDA for the twelve-month period
  ended March 31, 2001...........................       
7.0x          4.5x      0.1x-7.0x    1.4x

     
The preceding discussion is a summary of the material financial analyses
furnished by Salomon Smith Barney to the Pride board of directors, but it does
not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Salomon
Smith Barney or of its presentation to the Pride board of directors.
The
preparation of financial analyses and fairness opinions is a complex process
involving subjective judgments and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description.
Salomon Smith Barney made no attempt to assign
specific weights to particular analyses or factors considered, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of all the analyses
and factors considered and determined to give its fairness opinion as described
above.
Accordingly, Salomon Smith Barney believes that its analyses, and the
summary set forth above, must be considered as a whole, and that selecting
portions of the analyses and of the factors considered by Salomon Smith Barney,
without considering all of the analyses and factors, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses conducted by Salomon
Smith Barney and its opinion.
With regard to the comparable companies analysis

summarized above, Salomon Smith Barney selected comparable public companies on
the basis of various factors, including size and similarity of the line of
business; however, no company utilized in these analyses is identical to Pride
or Marine.
As a result, these analyses are not purely mathematical, but also
take into account differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
subject companies and other factors that could affect the transaction or public
trading value of the subject companies to which Pride and Marine are being
compared.
In its analyses, Salomon Smith Barney made numerous assumptions with
respect to Pride, Marine, industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Pride and Marine.
Any estimates contained in Salomon Smith Barney's
analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future
results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by these analyses.
Estimates of values of companies do not purport to
be appraisals or necessarily to reflect the prices at which companies may
actually be sold.
Because these estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty,
none of Pride, Marine, the Pride board of directors, the Marine board of
directors, Salomon Smith Barney or any other person assumes responsibility if
future results or actual values differ materially from the estimates.
Salomon
Smith Barney's analyses were prepared solely as part of Salomon Smith Barney's
analysis of the fairness of the exchange ratio and were provided to the Pride
board of directors in that connection.
The opinion of Salomon Smith Barney was
only one of the factors taken into consideration by the Pride board of directors
in making its determination to approve the agreement and the mergers.
See
"-- Pride's Reasons for Mergers."

     Salomon Smith Barney is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm engaged in, among other things, the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, restructurings,
leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
Pride selected Salomon
Smith Barney to act as its financial advisor on the basis of Salomon Smith
Barney's international reputation and Salomon Smith Barney's familiarity with
Pride.
Salomon Smith Barney and its predecessors and affiliates have previously
provided and currently are providing investment banking services to Pride and
Marine unrelated to the mergers, for which Salomon Smith Barney has received and
may receive compensation.
In the ordinary course of its business, Salomon Smith
Barney and its affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of Pride and
Marine for its own account and for the account of customers and, accordingly,
may at any time hold a long or short position in those securities.
Salomon Smith
Barney and its affiliates (including Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates) may
maintain other relationships with Pride, Marine and their respective affiliates.

     
From time to time Salomon Smith Barney has provided financial advisory and
investment banking services to Marine that were unrelated to the mergers.

Salomon Smith Barney received customary fees for rendering of these services.

This engagement was terminated as of May 22, 2001.

     
Pursuant to Salomon Smith Barney's engagement letter, Pride agreed to pay
Salomon Smith Barney a fee of up to $7.5 million, all but $1.0 million of which
is contingent upon consummation of the mergers.
Pride has also agreed to
reimburse Salomon Smith Barney for its reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with its engagement, including the reasonable
fees and expenses of its counsel, and to indemnify Salomon Smith Barney against
specific liabilities and expenses relating to or arising out of its engagement,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws.


OPINION OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED

     Marine retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with financial advisory
services and a financial fairness opinion in connection with the merger.
Morgan
Stanley was selected to act as Marine's financial advisor based on Morgan
Stanley's qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the
business and affairs of Marine.
At the meeting of the Marine board of directors
on May 23, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, which was confirmed
in writing as of such date, that as of that date, and subject to and based on
the various considerations set forth in its opinion, the merger consideration to
be received by holders of Marine common stock pursuant to the merger agreement
was fair from a financial point of view to the Marine common shareholders.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF MORGAN STANLEY'S WRITTEN OPINION, DATED AS OF MAY 23,
2001, WHICH SETS FORTH, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES
FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW
UNDERTAKEN BY MORGAN STANLEY IN RENDERING ITS OPINION, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX C TO
THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
HOLDERS OF MARINE COMMON STOCK ARE URGED
TO, AND SHOULD, READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.
MORGAN
STANLEY'S OPINION IS DIRECTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MARINE, ADDRESSES
ONLY THE FAIRNESS FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW TO THE HOLDERS OF MARINE COMMON
STOCK OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED BY SUCH SHAREHOLDERS PURSUANT
TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT, AND DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE MERGER OR
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY MARINE SHAREHOLDER AS TO HOW TO VOTE AT THE
SPECIAL MEETING.
THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE
FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION.

     
In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       information of Marine and Pride;

     - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data concerning Marine and Pride prepared by the management of
       Marine and Pride, respectively;

     - analyzed certain financial projections prepared by the management of
       Pride and Marine, respectively;

     - discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
       prospects of Marine and Pride, including information relating to certain
       strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
       mergers, with senior executives of Marine and Pride;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the mergers on New Pride's earnings per
       share and cash flow per share;

     - reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the Marine common
       stock and the Pride common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Marine and Pride and the prices and
       trading activity of the Marine common stock and the Pride common stock
       with that of certain other comparable publicly-traded companies and their
       securities;

     - reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
       certain comparable merger transactions;

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       Marine and Pride and their financial and legal advisors;

     - reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents; and

     - performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as they
       deemed appropriate.

     
In rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information
reviewed by it for the purposes of its opinion.
With respect to the financial
projections, including information relating to certain strategic, financial and
operational benefits anticipated from the mergers, Morgan Stanley assumed that
they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the future financial performance of Marine and Pride.

In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the mergers will be consummated in
accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement, including, among
other things, that the mergers will be accounted for as a "pooling-of-interests"
business combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the mergers will be treated as a tax-free reorganization and/or
exchange, each pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
Morgan Stanley did
not make any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of
Marine and Pride, nor has it been furnished with any such appraisals.
Morgan
Stanley's opinion was necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other
conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to it as of, the
date of its opinion.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the
preparation of its written opinion dated May 23, 2001.
This summary of Morgan
Stanley's financial analyses includes information presented in tabular format.

In order to fully understand the financial analyses performed by Morgan Stanley,
the tables must be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone
do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

     
Comparable Publicly Traded Company Analysis.  
As part of its analysis,
Morgan Stanley compared certain financial information of Marine and Pride with
that of a group of publicly traded offshore drilling companies that shared some
characteristics with Marine and Pride.
This financial information included price
to forecasted 2001 and 2002 earnings per share ("EPS") multiples, price to
forecasted 2001 and 2002 cash flow per share ("CFPS") multiples, firm value to
forecasted 2001 and 2002 EBITDA multiples, equity value to net asset value
("NAV," defined as the estimated current market value of the assets less debt
and preferred stock plus cash divided by the shares outstanding) and equity
value to replacement value of assets ("RVA," defined as the estimated
replacement value of the assets less debt and preferred stock plus cash divided
by the shares outstanding).
This analysis was based on a compilation of publicly
available estimates by securities research analysts.
The following table
presents, as of May 22, 2001, the range of multiples for the comparable
companies of each of price to projected 2001 and 2002 EPS, price to projected
2001 and 2002 CFPS, firm value to projected 2001 and 2002 EBITDA, equity value
to NAV and equity value to RVA:

                                 PRICE   PRICE   PRICE   PRICE     FIRM       FIRM     EQUITY   EQUITY
                                  TO      TO      TO      TO     VALUE TO   VALUE TO   VALUE    VALUE
                                 2001    2002    2001    2002      2001       2002       TO       TO
COMPARABLE COMPANIES              EPS     EPS    CFPS    CFPS     EBITDA     EBITDA     NAV      RVA
- --------------------             -----   -----   -----   -----   --------   --------   ------   
------

Transocean Sedco Forex Inc. ...   
40.7x   17.9x   16.6x   10.4x     16.1x      10.0x   289.6%   112.2%
Noble Drilling Corporation.....   21.1x   14.0x   14.5x   10.3x     12.3x       8.8x   161.5%   131.0%
Global Marine Inc. ............   
19.5x   12.8x   11.7x    8.8x      9.9x       7.9x   166.7%   118.7%
ENSCO International
  Incorporated.................   18.6x   11.7x   12.4x    8.9x     10.9x       7.0x   194.5%   128.3%
Diamond Offshore Drilling,
  Inc. ........................   
28.3x   16.9x   16.0x   11.1x     11.9x       7.6x   133.4%    85.9%
Santa Fe International
  Corporation..................   
23.1x   13.7x   15.5x   10.5x     14.7x       9.9x   171.9%   119.6%
Rowan Companies, Inc. .........   17.3x   11.9x   11.7x    8.7x      9.1x       6.4x   150.0%   107.0%
Marine Stand-alone.............   15.2x   11.5x    8.8x    7.5x      7.8x       
6.2x   180.8%   122.4%
Pride Stand-alone..............   22.4x   11.1x    8.3x    5.7x      9.2x       6.1x   192.0%    73.2%

     No company utilized in Morgan Stanley's peer group comparison analysis as a
comparable company is identical to Marine or Pride.
Accordingly, an analysis of
the above results necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
companies and other factors that could affect the public trading value of
companies to which they are being compared.
In evaluating the comparable
companies, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Marine or Pride, as well
as the assumed absence of any material adverse change in the financial condition
and prospects of Marine, Pride or the industry or in the financial markets in
general.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the mean or median, is not,
in itself, a meaningful method of using comparable publicly traded company data.

     
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  
Morgan Stanley also reviewed the ratio
of the daily closing prices of Pride common stock divided by the corresponding
closing price of Marine common stock over various periods ended May 22, 2001.

Morgan Stanley calculated the average of the historical ratios and computed the
premium represented by the Marine merger consideration, or the common stock
exchange ratio of 1.0 share of Pride common stock for each share of Marine
common stock over the average of the

historical ratios for various periods.
The following table presents the range of
historical ratios over the periods covered compared to the exchange ratio in the
Marine merger.

                                                                            
PERCENTAGE PREMIUM
                                                                               (DISCOUNT) TO
                                                                            MARINE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                            REPRESENTED BY THE
                                                               AVERAGE       EXCHANGE RATIO OF
                                                              HISTORICAL    1.0 V. THE AVERAGE
TRADING PERIOD ENDED MAY 22, 2001                               RATIO        HISTORICAL RATIO
- ---------------------------------                             ----------    -------------------

Last 2 years................................................    0.871              (14.8)%
Last 1 year.................................................    0.913               (9.5)%
Last 6 months...............................................    0.876              (14.2)%
Last 3 months...............................................    0.891              (12.2)%
Last 1 month................................................    0.931               (7.4)%
Last 1 week.................................................    1.009                0.9%
As of May 22, 2001..........................................    1.035                3.4%

     Summary of Projections -- EPS.  
In an effort to assess the impact of this
transaction, Morgan Stanley has reviewed two sets of earnings projections.
The
"Street Case" set of projections reflects First Call Estimates, for EPS only,
and Morgan Stanley equity research analyst projections of other financial
metrics for Marine and Pride.
The "Conformed Case" set of projections reflects
Marine management projections for Marine and Pride management projections for
Pride, with adjustments based on existing contracts and conformity of spot day
rates and utilization projected by Marine management for similar assets.
The
following tables display the EPS and EPS growth used for both the "Conformed
Case" and "Street Case":

                                 CONFORMED CASE

                                                              MARINE   PRIDE
                                                              ------   -----

2001E.......................................................  
$1.96    $1.39
2002E.......................................................  $2.55    $3.07
2003E.......................................................  $2.84    $3.66
2001E-2003E compound annual growth rate (CAGR)..............   20.4%    62.0%

                                  STREET CASE

                                                              MARINE   PRIDE
                                                              ------   -----

2001E.......................................................  $1.90    $1.33
2002E.......................................................  $2.51    $2.68
Peak........................................................  $3.31    $5.29
2001E-Peak..................................................   32.0%    99.4%

     Summary of Projections -- CFPS.  
The following table displays the CFPS used
for both the "Conformed Case" and "Street Case":

                                 CONFORMED CASE

                                                              MARINE   PRIDE
                                                              ------   
-----

2001E.......................................................  $3.29    $3.39
2002E.......................................................  $3.55    $5.58
2003E.......................................................  $3.74    $6.34
2001E-2003E CAGR............................................    
6.6%    36.7%

                                  STREET CASE

                                                              MARINE   PRIDE
                                                              ------   -----

2001E.......................................................  $3.31    $3.74
2002E.......................................................  $3.82    $5.26
Peak........................................................  $4.13    $7.00
2001E-Peak..................................................   11.6%    36.7%

     Contribution Analysis.  
Morgan Stanley reviewed certain projected operating
and financial information, including, among other things, earnings and operating
cash flow, for Marine, Pride and the pro forma combined entity resulting from
the mergers, without giving effect to any potential synergies that may result
from the transaction and excluding non-recurring integration related costs or
charges.
Morgan Stanley also analyzed and reviewed certain estimates of NAVs and
RVAs.
The analysis was performed utilizing information for Marine and Pride
based on estimates from the management of Marine and Pride for the fiscal years
ended 2001 through 2003 and based on various scenarios.
The contribution
analysis was performed on the basis of a hypothetical transaction in which
Marine would acquire Pride by the issuance of shares of Marine common stock in
exchange for shares of Pride common stock.
This analysis therefore should be
read so that the issuance of fewer shares of Marine common stock for each share
of Pride common stock is more favorable to holders of Marine common stock.
Based
on this analysis, the range of implied number of shares of Marine common stock
for each share of Pride common stock ranges from 1.07 to 1.20 based on analyst
price target information.
The range based on the contribution analysis was 0.75
to 1.53 based on earnings analysis, 1.10 to 1.67 based on operating cash flow
analysis, 1.03 based on net asset value analysis and 1.66 based on replacement
value analysis.
These numbers compare to the effective exchange ratio of 1.00
contained in the merger agreement, or the hypothetical issuance of one share of
Marine common stock for each share of Pride common stock.

     
Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  
Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma impact of
the mergers on Marine's projected EPS, and CFPS for the fiscal years ended 2001,
2002 and 2003 and peak earnings results, while giving effect to $15 million of
expected pre-tax synergies based on guidance by Marine and Pride management
starting in 2002 and the impact of a reduction in Marine's effective income tax
rate resulting from the merger.
The analysis was performed utilizing both the
"Conformed Case" and "Street Case" estimates as described earlier.
Based on
these forecasts, the mergers would be expected to be dilutive to Marine's EPS in
2001 and accretive to EPS in 2002, 2003 and accretive to CFPS in 2001, 2002,
2003.

     
In connection with the review of the mergers by the Marine board, Morgan
Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes
of providing its opinion given in connection therewith.
The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan
Stanley considered the results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not
attribute any particular weight to any particular analysis or factor considered
by it.
Furthermore, Morgan Stanley believes that selecting any portion of its
analyses or factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and
factors as a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying
its opinion.
In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various analyses and
factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors and may have deemed
various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so that the
ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above
should therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's view of the actual value of
Marine or Pride.

     
In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Marine or Pride.
Any
estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analysis are not necessarily indicative
of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by such estimates.
The analyses were prepared
solely as part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a financial
point of view of the merger consideration to be received by holders of Marine
common stock, pursuant to the merger agreement, and were conducted in connection
with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of its opinion dated May 23, 2001 to the
Marine board of directors.
The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which Marine common stock or Pride common stock actually
may be valued or the prices at which their shares may actually trade in the
marketplace.
Accordingly, such analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty.

     
In addition, as described above, Morgan Stanley's opinion and presentation
to the Marine board of directors was one of many factors taken into
consideration by the Marine board of directors in making its

decision to approve the merger.
Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analyses as
described above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the
Marine board of directors with respect to the value of Marine or of whether the
Marine board of directors would have been willing to agree to different merger
considerations.
The merger consideration pursuant to the merger agreement and
other terms of the merger agreement were determined through arm's-length
negotiations between Marine and Pride and were approved by the Marine board of
directors.

     
Morgan Stanley did not recommend any specific merger consideration to
Marine or that any given merger consideration constituted the only appropriate
merger consideration for Marine in the merger.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley was not authorized to solicit,
and did not solicit, interest from any party with respect to the acquisition of
Marine or any of its assets, nor did it negotiate with any of the parties, other
than Pride, which expressed interest to it in the possible acquisition of or
merger with Marine or certain of its constituent businesses.

     
Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwriting,
competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
In the
ordinary course of Morgan Stanley's trading, brokerage and financing activities,
Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may at any time hold long or short positions,
trade or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account or for the account
of customers, in the equity or debt securities or senior loans of Marine or
Pride.

     
Morgan Stanley is providing certain investment banking services to Marine
in connection with this transaction, including providing a fairness opinion to
Marine.
Morgan Stanley will receive customary fees for those services.
In the
past, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided financial advisory and
financing services for Pride and have received fees for rendering these
services.

     
Pursuant to an engagement letter, dated April 23, 2001 between Morgan
Stanley and Marine, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory services and a
financial opinion in connection with the merger, and Marine agreed to pay Morgan
Stanley a fee of approximately $11.0 million at the time of the closing of the
merger.
Marine has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its expenses
incurred in performing its services.
In addition, Marine has agreed to indemnify
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors, officers, agents
and employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its
affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or arising out of
Morgan Stanley's engagement and any related transactions.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGERS

  Pride

     
In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of Pride to
vote for the proposal to approve the merger agreement, shareholders of Pride
should be aware that members of the Pride board of directors and Pride's
executive officers may have interests in the mergers that differ from, or are in
addition to, those of Pride shareholders generally.
The Pride board of directors
was aware of these interests during its deliberations of the merits of the
mergers and in determining to recommend to the shareholders of Pride that they
vote for the proposal to approve the merger agreement.

     
Pride Officers and Directors Will Become Officers, Directors and Advisory
Directors of New Pride After the Mergers.  
Paul A. Bragg, currently the
president and chief executive officer of Pride, James W. Allen, currently the
senior vice president and chief operating officer of Pride, and Earl W. McNiel,
currently the vice president and chief financial officer of Pride, will serve in
those capacities for New Pride upon completion of the mergers.
Messrs. Bragg,
Jorge E. Estrada M., William E. Macaulay and Ralph D. McBride, who currently are
directors of Pride, will become directors of New Pride.
Messrs. James B.
Clement, Remi Dorval, Christian J. Boon Falleur and James T. Sneed, who are
currently directors of

Pride, will serve as advisory directors of New Pride for a period of two years
from the time of the mergers and receive annual directors' fees of $30,000 for
such service.

     
Pride Directors' Stock Option Plan.  
Pride's directors who are not
employees have been granted options to purchase shares of Pride common stock
under Pride's 1993 Directors' Stock Option Plan.
Some of these options are not,
at present, fully exercisable by the directors.
The Plan provides for the
acceleration of full exercisability of options upon a "change of control" of
Pride, as defined in the plan.
As so defined, approval of the mergers by the
board of directors of Pride has resulted in a "change of control.
"

  Marine

     In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of Marine to
approve the merger agreement, the Marine shareholders should be aware that
members of both the Marine's board of directors and certain members of
management may have interests in the mergers that differ from, or are in
addition to, those of the shareholders generally.
The board of directors of
Marine was aware of each of these competing interests in the course of its
evaluation of the proposed mergers and its ultimate recommendation to the
shareholders to approve the merger agreement.

     
Jan Rask Employment Agreement.  
Jan Rask, who is currently president and
chief executive officer of Marine, will enter into a new two-year employment
agreement with New Pride to serve as managing director for acquisitions and
special products.
The agreement will provide for an annual salary equal to his
current salary of $450,000 and guaranteed annual bonuses with respect of 2001 of
140% of base salary (less other amounts paid for 2001 bonus), payable in 2002,
and 100% of base salary for periods thereafter.

     
Severance Payments to Marine Executives.  
Sixteen Marine officers and key
employees, including Messrs. Rask and O'Keefe, have change of control provisions
in their employment or severance agreements that will be triggered by the
mergers.
Under these agreements, a Marine executive will be entitled to receive
a severance payment of one-half to two (three in the case of Mr. Rask) times his
annual salary and bonus if, within specified periods of up to two years after
the mergers, New Pride terminates the executive's employment or the executive
terminates his employment after a material change in the executive's employment
terms (provided the termination by the executive is on or before the 30th day
after the change in employment terms or, in many cases, the date nine months
after the mergers, if later).
Six of the agreements (including those with
Messrs. Rask and O'Keefe) also provide for a gross up for any excise taxes under
Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.
Messrs. Rask and O'Keefe and one
other executive officer have the right to receive these severance payments if
the executive terminates his employment within two years after the mergers for
any reason.
The payment to Mr. Rask under this provision would be $2.7 million
(plus a gross up for any excise taxes).

     
Marine Options and Restricted Stock.  
Pursuant to their existing contracts,
upon completion of the mergers, all outstanding shares of Marine restricted
stock and all options to purchase Marine common stock that are held by officers,
directors and employees of Marine will become fully vested, and all of the stock
options will become fully exercisable.

     
Marine Directors Will Become Directors and Advisory Directors of New
Pride.  
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Messrs. Robert L. Barbanell,
David A. B. Brown, J. C. Burton, and David B. Robson, who are currently
directors of Marine, will become directors of New Pride.
Mr. Barbanell will
serve as chairman of the board of directors of New Pride.
Messrs. Howard I. Bull
and Robert C. Thomas, who are currently directors of Marine, will serve as
advisory directors of New Pride for a period of two years from the time of the
mergers and receive annual directors' fees of $30,000 for such service.

  
Indemnification and Insurance

     The merger agreement provides that each person who had been an officer or
director of Pride or Marine before the mergers will be indemnified by New Pride
after the mergers to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.
The
rights of these officers and directors will be in addition to any rights

they may have under New Pride's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
The
merger agreement further provides that, for six years after the mergers, New
Pride will maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance policies that
provide coverage to those officers and directors of Pride or Marine covered by
an existing policy that are substantially no less advantageous than the existing
policies.
New Pride will not, however, be required to pay annual premiums in
excess of 150% of the last annual premium paid by Pride or Marine before the
execution of the merger agreement.


NEW PRIDE AFTER THE MERGERS

     The board of directors of New Pride will consist of eight directors, four
of whom are currently directors of Pride and four of whom are currently
directors of Marine.
The four directors of New Pride who are currently directors
of Pride will be Paul A. Bragg, Jorge E. Estrada M., William E. Macaulay, and
Ralph D. McBride.
The four directors of New Pride who are currently directors of
Marine are Robert L. Barbanell, David A. B. Brown, J. C. Burton, and David B.
Robson.
Robert L. Barbanell, who currently serves as the chairman of the board
of Marine, will be the chairman of the board of New Pride.
The principal
executive officers of New Pride will be Paul A. Bragg, chief executive officer,
James W. Allen, chief operating officer, John C. G. O'Leary, vice
president -- international marketing, Earl W. McNiel, chief financial officer,
T. Scott O'Keefe, vice president for strategic planning and Robert W. Randall,
vice president -- general counsel and secretary.

     
Robert L. Barbanell, 71, has been a director of Marine since June 1995.
Mr.
Barbanell has served as President of Robert L. Barbanell Associates, Inc., a
financial consulting firm, since July 1994.
He is also a director of Cantel
Medical Corp. and Blue Dolphin Energy Company.

     
Paul A. Bragg, 45, has been chief executive officer and a director of Pride
since March 1999 and president since February 1997 and was chief operating
officer from February 1997 to April 1999.
He joined Pride in July 1993 as its
vice president and chief financial officer.
From 1988 until he joined Pride, Mr.
Bragg was an independent business consultant and managed private investments.
He
previously served as vice president and chief financial officer of Energy
Service Company, Inc.
(now ENSCO International, Inc.), an oilfield services
company, from 1983 through 1987.

     
David A. B. Brown, 57, has been a director of Marine since June 1995.
Mr.
Brown has served as president of The Windsor Group, Inc., a strategy consulting
firm, since 1984.
Mr. Brown was chairman of the board of the Comstock Group,
Inc. from 1988 to 1990.
Mr. Brown is a director of BTU International Inc., EMCOR
Group, Inc., Technical Communications Corporation and NS Group, Inc.

     J. C. Burton, 62, has been a director of Marine since May 1998.
He served
in various engineering and managerial positions with Amoco Corporation from 1963
until his retirement on March 31, 1998.
Most recently, he was group vice
president, International Operations Group for Amoco Exploration and Production
Company.

     
Jorge E. Estrada M., 53, has been a director of Pride since October 1993.

For more than five years, Mr. Estrada has been president and chief executive
officer of JEMPSA Media and Entertainment, a company specializing in the Spanish
and Latin American entertainment industry.
Previously, Mr. Estrada served as
president -- worldwide drilling division of Geosource and vice president of
Geosource Exploration Division -- Latin America.

     
William E. Macaulay, 55, became a director of Pride in July 1999.
Mr.
Macaulay is chairman and chief executive officer of First Reserve Corporation,
which manages two investment funds that own approximately 15% of Pride's common
stock.
He is a director of the following publicly held companies: Chicago Bridge
& Iron Company, an international engineering and construction company, National-
Oilwell, Inc., a distributor of oilfield equipment and machinery, Weatherford
International, Inc., an oilfield services company, Superior Energy Services,
Inc., a provider of specialized oilfield services and equipment, Maverick Tube
Corporation, a manufacturer of oilfield tubulars, line pipe and structural
steel, TransMontaigne Inc., a company engaged in transporting, terminalling,
storing and marketing refined

petroleum products, and Grant Prideco, Inc., a company engaged in drill stem
technology development and drill pipe manufacturing.

     
Ralph D. McBride, 54, has been a director of Pride since September 1995 and
vice chairman of the board since March 1999.
Mr. McBride has been a partner with
the law firm of Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P. in Houston, Texas, since 1980.

Bracewell & Patterson provides legal services to Pride from time to time.
Pride
paid approximately $800,000 to Bracewell & Patterson for services rendered
during 2000.

     
David B. Robson, 61, has been a director of Marine since May 1998.
Mr.
Robson has been serving as chairman of the board of Veritas DGC Inc. since
January 2000.
He served as both chairman of the board and chief executive
officer of Veritas DGC Inc. from August 1996 until January 2000.
Prior thereto,
he held similar positions with Veritas Energy Services Inc. and its predecessors
since 1974.

     
James W. Allen, 57, was named senior vice president -- operations of Pride
in February 1996 and Pride's chief operating officer in April 1999.
He joined
Pride in January 1993 as its vice president -- international operations.
From
1988 through 1992, Mr. Allen was an independent business consultant and managed
private investments.
From 1984 to 1988, he was Vice President Latin America for
ENSCO.
Mr. Allen has 28 years of oilfield experience with several different
companies.

     
John C. G. O'Leary was named vice president -- international marketing of
Pride in March 1997 in connection with Pride's acquisition of Forasol-Foramer
N.V. Mr. O'Leary had been manager, marketing and business development of Forasol
since June 1993, with primary responsibility for worldwide business development.

Mr. O'Leary joined Forasol S.A. in August 1985.

     
Earl W. McNiel, 42, has been vice president and chief financial officer of
Pride since February 1997.
He joined Pride in September 1994 as its chief
accounting officer.
From 1990 to 1994, Mr. McNiel served as chief financial
officer of several publicly owned waste management companies.
From 1987 to 1990,
he was employed by ENSCO as manager, finance.

     
T. Scott O'Keefe, 45, joined Marine in January 1998 as senior vice
president, chief financial officer and secretary.
Prior to joining Marine he was
senior vice president and chief financial officer of Grey Wolf, Inc. since
September 1996.
From April 1995 through August 1996, Mr. O'Keefe was a financial
consultant providing services to various companies including Grey Wolf, Inc.
Prior to April 1995, he was with Convest Energy Corporation and its affiliates
for approximately ten years, most recently as vice president and chief financial
officer.

     
Robert W. Randall has been vice president and general counsel of Pride
since May 1991.
He was elected secretary in 1993.
Prior to 1991, he was senior
vice president, general counsel and secretary for Tejas Gas Corporation, a
natural gas transmission company.


CONVERSION OF STOCK OPTIONS AND ASSUMPTION OF STOCK PLANS

     Pursuant to the merger agreement, each option to acquire Marine common
stock and Pride common stock will remain outstanding and be assumed by New
Pride.
Each option to acquire Marine common stock and Pride common stock will be
deemed to constitute an option to acquire the same number of shares of New Pride
common stock and will be subject to the same terms and conditions as under the
applicable Marine or Pride stock option plan and option agreement, except that
options to acquire Marine common stock will become fully vested and exercisable
as a result of the mergers, pursuant to the "change of control" provisions of
the Marine stock option plans.


EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS

     Upon the reincorporation merger, all employees of Marine, Pride and their
subsidiaries will be employed by New Pride or its subsidiaries.
New Pride has
agreed not to terminate the employment of ten officers and key employees of
Marine prior to January 1, 2002.

     
All Marine and Pride benefit plans in effect at the time of the mergers
will remain in effect, to the extent practicable, until otherwise determined by
New Pride.
If any of the benefit plans are not continued, New Pride will for a
period of one year after the mergers maintain benefit plans that are no less
favorable than those provided to such employees immediately prior to the
mergers.
However, if it would be unduly burdensome or would materially increase
the cost to New Pride to provide plans which are no less favorable than those
previously provided by Marine or Pride, then New Pride will not be obligated to
continue such benefit plans.

     
The matters described in this section are summaries of provisions of the
merger agreement that are subject to waiver or amendment by the parties to the
merger agreement.
These provisions are not intended to grant third party
beneficiary rights to any person that is not a party to the merger agreement.


EXCHANGE OF MARINE AND PRIDE COMMON STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR NEW PRIDE COMMON
STOCK CERTIFICATES

     Each share of Marine common stock outstanding immediately before the
effective time of the Marine merger will be converted into one share of Pride
common stock.
Immediately after the Marine merger, each outstanding share of
Pride common stock, including the shares issued in the Marine merger, will, as a
result of the reincorporation merger, be converted into one share of common
stock of New Pride.
Following the mergers, New Pride's exchange agent, American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, will mail to each shareholder of Marine and
Pride a letter of transmittal and instructions for the surrender of Marine and
Pride common stock certificates in exchange for New Pride common stock
certificates.
When you deliver your certificates of Marine or Pride common stock
to the exchange agent, along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and
any other required documents, you will receive certificates representing, or
statements indicating book-entry ownership of, the number of shares of New Pride
common stock that you are entitled to receive under the merger agreement.
The
surrendered certificates will be canceled.

     
Neither New Pride nor the exchange agent or any other person will be liable
to any former Marine shareholder for any amount properly delivered to a public
official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

     
YOU SHOULD NOT SUBMIT YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES UNTIL YOU RECEIVE THE
TRANSMITTAL INSTRUCTIONS AND A FORM OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE EXCHANGE
AGENT.


DIVIDENDS

     Neither Pride nor Marine has paid any cash dividends on its common stock
since becoming a publicly held corporation.
New Pride initially intends to
retain all available earnings for use in its business and does not anticipate
paying dividends on its common stock at any time in the foreseeable future.
In
addition, the ability of New Pride to pay cash dividends in the future will be
restricted by the covenants related to debt that it will assume from Pride.
The
desirability of paying such dividends could also be materially affected by U.S.
and foreign tax considerations.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AND CONSIDERATIONS

     The mergers are intended to qualify as a pooling of interests for
accounting and financial reporting purposes.
Under this method of accounting,
the recorded historical carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of Pride
and Marine will be carried forward to the financial statements of the combined
company at recorded amounts, results of operations of the combined company will
include income of Pride and Marine for the entire fiscal period in which the
combination occurs, and the historical results of operations of the separate
companies for fiscal years prior to the mergers will be combined and reported as
the results of operations of the combined company.

     
Pride and Marine each will use commercially reasonable best efforts to
obtain a letter from their respective independent accountants in which their
respective independent accountants concur with the conclusions of management
that no condition exists that would preclude a pooling of interests accounting

treatment.
Certain events, including certain transactions with respect to Pride
common stock or Marine common stock by affiliates of Pride or Marine,
respectively, may prevent the mergers from qualifying as a pooling of interests
for accounting and financial reporting purposes.
For information concerning
certain restrictions to be imposed on the transferability of New Pride common
stock to be received by affiliates in order, among other things, to ensure the
availability of pooling of interests accounting treatment, see "Federal
Securities Law Consequences; Resale Restrictions.
"

CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

  Scope of Discussion

     The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger to Marine,
Pride, the Marine shareholders and the Pride shareholders.
For a description of
the manner in which the mergers will be carried out, see "The Merger Agreement.
"

     This discussion assumes that shareholders hold Pride and Marine shares as
capital assets.
Tax consequences that are different from or in addition to those
here described may apply to shareholders who are subject to special treatment
under U.S. tax law, such as:

     - tax-exempt organizations;

     - financial institutions, insurance companies, and broker-dealers;

     - persons who hold their Marine or Pride shares as part of a hedge,
       straddle, wash sale, synthetic security, conversion transaction or other
       integrated investment comprised of Marine or Pride shares and one or more
       other investments;

     - persons who acquired their shares in compensatory transactions; or

     - shareholders who are not U.S. persons within the meaning of the Internal
       Revenue Code (the "Code").

     
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR AN INDIVIDUAL ANALYSIS OF THE TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGERS TO A MARINE OR PRIDE SHAREHOLDER.
EACH SHAREHOLDER
SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER AS TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF
THE TRANSACTION, INCLUDING ANY SUCH CONSEQUENCES ARISING FROM THE PARTICULAR
FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE SHAREHOLDER.
SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD ALSO CONSULT A
TAX ADVISOR AS TO ANY ESTATE, GIFT, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES OF
THE TRANSACTION.

     
This discussion is limited to U.S. federal income tax considerations and
does not address other U.S. federal tax, state, local or foreign tax
considerations or consequences.
Furthermore, we have not obtained, nor do we
intend to obtain, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "Service")
with respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the mergers.
This
summary is not binding on the Service or the courts, and the Service or the
courts may disagree with the conclusions expressed herein.
If the Service were
able to successfully challenge the tax-free status of the Marine merger, the
shareholders would be required to recognize gain or loss on each share of Marine
common stock exchanged for Pride common stock.
In addition, Marine would
recognize gain in a substantial amount on the transfer of its assets in the
merger.
Likewise, if the Service were able to successfully challenge the
tax-free status of the reincorporation merger, the shareholders would be
required to recognize gain or loss on each share of Pride common stock exchanged
for New Pride common stock.
Pride would also recognize gain in a substantial
amount on the transfer of its assets in the reincorporation merger.

     
The opinions of counsel described below will be based on representations
made by officers of Marine and Pride, which are contained in officers'
certificates, and upon existing U.S. federal income tax law, including
legislation, regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions that are in
effect on the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.
Federal income tax law is
subject to change, and changes may have retroactive effect.
In addition, counsel
have relied and will rely upon the accuracy of the information in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and in other documents filed with the SEC by Marine
and Pride.


Any change in present law, or the failure of factual assumptions or
representations to be true, correct and complete in all material respects, could
affect the continuing validity of counsel's tax opinions.

  
Tax Opinions

     It is a condition to Marine's obligation to close the mergers that Marine
shall have received from Porter & Hedges, L.L.P. its opinion dated the closing
date to the effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) the
Marine merger and the reincorporation merger will each qualify as a
reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code, (ii) no gain or loss will be
recognized by the shareholders of Marine who exchange Marine common stock solely
for Pride common stock pursuant to the Marine merger, and who then exchange such
Pride common stock solely for New Pride common stock pursuant to the
reincorporation merger, and (iii) no gain or loss will be recognized by Marine
or Pride on the transfer of its respective assets in the mergers.

     
It is a condition to Pride's obligation to close the mergers that Pride
shall have received from Baker Botts L.L.P. its opinion dated the closing date
to the effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) the
Marine merger and the reincorporation merger will each qualify as a
reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code, (ii) no gain or loss will be
recognized by the shareholders of Pride, including the shareholders of Marine
who received Pride common stock in the Marine merger, who exchange Pride common
stock solely for New Pride common stock pursuant to the reincorporation merger,
and (iii) no gain or loss will be recognized by Marine or Pride on the transfer
of its respective assets in the mergers.

  
Treatment of the Marine Shareholders as a Result of the Mergers

     Subject to the qualifications and limitations set forth in "Scope of
Discussion" above and assuming that the Marine merger and the reincorporation
merger each qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code, in the
opinion of Porter & Hedges, L.L.P., the material United States federal income
tax consequences of the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger to the
shareholders of Marine are as follows:

     - No gain or loss will be recognized by the holders of Marine common stock
       upon the receipt of Pride common stock in exchange therefor, or upon the
       exchange of that Pride common stock for New Pride common stock.

     -
The aggregate tax basis of the Pride common stock received in the Marine
       merger will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the Marine common
       stock surrendered in the exchange.
Likewise, the aggregate tax basis of
       the New Pride common stock received in the reincorporation merger will be
       the same as the aggregate tax basis of the Pride common stock surrendered
       in the exchange.

     
- The holding period of the Pride common stock received by each holder of
       Marine common stock in the Marine merger will include the period for
       which the Marine common stock surrendered in the exchange was held,
       provided the Marine common stock surrendered was held as a capital asset
       at the time of the merger.
Likewise, the holding period of the New Pride
       common stock received in the reincorporation merger in exchange for Pride
       common stock will include the period for which that Pride common stock
       was held (including any extended holding period described in the
       immediately preceding sentence), provided the Pride common stock
       surrendered was held as a capital asset at the time of the
       reincorporation merger.

  
Treatment of the Pride Shareholders, Including the Former Marine Shareholders,
  as a Result of the Reincorporation Merger

     Subject to the qualifications and limitations set forth in "Scope of
Discussion" above and assuming that the reincorporation merger qualifies as a
reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code, in the opinion of Baker Botts
L.L.P., the material United States federal income tax consequences of the

reincorporation merger to the shareholders of Pride, including the former Marine
shareholders, are as follows:

     - No gain or loss will be recognized by the Pride shareholders, including
       the former Marine shareholders, upon the receipt of New Pride common
       stock in exchange for Pride common stock.

     
- The aggregate tax basis of the New Pride common stock received in the
       merger will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the Pride common
       stock surrendered in the exchange.

     
- The holding period of the New Pride common stock received in the
       reincorporation merger by each holder of Pride common stock, including
       the shareholders of Marine who received Pride common stock in the Marine
       merger, will include the period for which the Pride common stock
       surrendered in the exchange was held, provided the Pride common stock
       surrendered was held as a capital asset at the time of the
       reincorporation merger.

  
Treatment of Pride and Marine on the Transfer of Their Respective Assets in
  the Mergers

     Subject to the qualifications and limitations set forth in "Scope of
Discussion" above and assuming that the Marine merger and the reincorporation
merger qualify as reorganizations under section 368(a) of the Code, in the
opinion of Porter & Hedges, L.L.P. and Baker Botts L.L.P., the material United
States federal income tax consequences of the Marine merger and the
reincorporation merger to Pride and Marine are as follows:

     - No gain or loss will be recognized by Marine upon the transfer of its
       assets in the Marine merger to AM Merger, Inc.

     - No gain or loss will be recognized by Pride upon the transfer of its
       assets in the reincorporation merger to New Pride.


REGULATORY MATTERS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, the parties
cannot complete the Marine merger until they have notified and furnished
information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice and a specified waiting period expires or is
terminated.
Pride and Marine made their filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
on June 13, 2001 and the waiting period expired on             , 2001; however,
this clearance process does not have the effect of conferring antitrust
immunity.
Certain other countries in which Pride and Marine have operations also
may review the mergers under their antitrust laws.
At any time before the
completion of the mergers, any relevant governmental authority or a private
person or entity could seek under antitrust laws, among other things, to enjoin
the mergers or to cause Pride or Marine to divest assets or businesses as a
condition to completing the mergers.
Furthermore, any of the relevant
governmental authorities or a private person or entity could seek, under
antitrust laws, to take action against Pride or Marine after the completion of
the mergers.
Pride and Marine are unable to predict whether any action will be
taken or what the outcome of any action may be.

     
While no assurances can be given that the mergers will not be challenged
or, if challenged, Pride and Marine will prevail, based on the respective
positions of Pride, Marine and their competitors in the offshore contract
drilling industry, Pride and Marine believe that consummation of the mergers in
accordance with the terms of the merger agreement will not violate any antitrust
or other laws.

     
The parties' obligation to complete the mergers is subject to the condition
that no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or cease and
desist order shall have been entered which prohibits the completion of the
mergers and that no party to the merger agreement shall be subject to any
decree, order or injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction that prohibits
the completion of the mergers.
The parties have agreed, however, that before
invoking these conditions, they will use commercially reasonable best efforts to
have the decree, order or injunction lifted or vacated.


FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; RESALE RESTRICTIONS

     All shares of New Pride common stock received by shareholders of Marine
upon consummation of the mergers will be freely transferable by those holders
who are not deemed to be "affiliates" (as defined under the Securities Act but
generally including executive officers, directors and significant holders of
Marine common stock).

     
Pursuant to the merger agreement, Marine and Pride has each agreed to use
its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause each person identified as an
affiliate for purposes of Rule 145 of the Securities Act and for purposes of
qualifying the mergers for pooling of interests accounting treatment (the "Rule
145 Affiliates") to deliver to Pride a written agreement that such person will
not sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of New Pride
common stock issued to such Rule 145 Affiliates in the mergers, except pursuant
to an effective registration statement or in compliance with Rule 145 or an
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Marine and
Pride has each also agreed to use their commercially reasonable best efforts to
cause each person identified as a Rule 145 Affiliate of either Marine or Pride
to sign a written agreement that such Rule 145 Affiliate will not sell or in any
other way reduce such party's risk relative to shares of New Pride, Pride or
Marine common stock for the period of time commencing on the 30th day prior to
the effective time of the mergers and ending at such time as financial results
covering at least 30 days of post-merger operations of New Pride have been
published, except as permitted by applicable SEC Accounting Bulletins.
New Pride
will be entitled to place restrictive legends on any shares of New Pride common
stock received by Rule 145 Affiliates.

     
This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of the New
Pride common stock to be received by Marine's and Pride's shareholders in the
mergers, and no person is authorized to make any use of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus in connection with any resale.

RIGHTS OF DISSENTING SHAREHOLDERS

  Marine Shareholders

     Marine shareholders will not be entitled to any appraisal rights under the
Texas Business Corporation Act or any other applicable law in connection with
the mergers.

  
Pride Shareholders

     Pride shareholders will not be entitled to any appraisal rights under the
Louisiana Business Corporation Law or any other applicable law in connection
with the mergers.


NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

     New Pride has applied to list the shares of New Pride common stock on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "PDE."
The completion of the mergers is
conditioned upon the NYSE's approval of New Pride's listing application.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement, a
copy of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and is incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference.
This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement.
You
should read the entire merger agreement because it, and not this summary, is the
legal document that governs the merger.

     
The merger agreement sets forth the terms of the two mergers, the Marine
merger and the reincorporation merger.


MARINE MERGER

     At the effective time of the Marine merger, Marine will merge with and into
AM Merger, Inc., a subsidiary of Pride formed for purposes of the merger
agreement.
AM Merger, Inc., which will be renamed Pride Marine, Inc., will be
the surviving corporation of the Marine merger, and the separate corporate
existence of Marine will cease to exist.
The Marine merger will take place
promptly after all of the conditions described in "-- Conditions to the Mergers"
are satisfied or waived.
The Marine merger will be effective at the time Pride
and Marine file a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware and articles of merger with the Secretary of the State of Texas or
at a later time as they agree and specify in the certificate and articles of
merger.

     
In the Marine merger, each share of Marine common stock will be converted
into one share of Pride common stock.

     
The Marine merger has the effect of converting Marine into a subsidiary of
Pride, and converting Marine shares into Pride shares.


REINCORPORATION MERGER

     Following the effective time of the Marine merger and at the effective time
of the reincorporation merger, Pride will merge with and into New Pride, a
Delaware corporation.
New Pride will be the surviving corporation and the
separate corporate existence of Pride will cease to exist.
The reincorporation
merger will take place promptly after the effective time of the Marine merger.

The reincorporation merger will be effective at the time Pride and New Pride
file certificates of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
and with the Secretary of the State of Louisiana or at a later time as they
agree and specify in the Delaware certificate of merger.

     
In the reincorporation merger, each holder of Pride common stock (including
holders of the shares issued to the former Marine shareholders) will receive,
for each Pride share of common stock held, one share of common stock of New
Pride.

     
The reincorporation merger has the effect of changing the state of
incorporation of the combined company from Louisiana to Delaware, and converting
Pride shares into New Pride shares.


COVENANTS

  Interim Operations

     Pride and Marine agreed to take or refrain from taking the actions
described below from the date of the merger agreement, May 23, 2001, until the
mergers are completed or the merger agreement is terminated.
Compliance with
these covenants may be modified to allow the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement or by the written consent of Pride and Marine.

     
Except as disclosed in the schedules to the merger agreement, each of Pride
and Marine will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to:

     - conduct its operations according to their usual, regular and ordinary
       course;

     - preserve its business organization and goodwill;

     - keep available the services of its officers and employees;

     - maintain satisfactory business relationships;

     - not amend its charter documents;

     - promptly notify the other party of any material change in its condition
       or business, any termination, cancellation, repudiation or material
       breach of material contracts or any material litigation or material
       governmental complaints, investigations or hearings, or the material
       breach of any of its representations and warranties in the merger
       agreement;

     - promptly deliver to the other party any SEC filings it makes;

     - not change any material accounting principle or practice except as
       required by a change in generally accepted accounting principles;

     - not issue any shares of its capital stock, effect any stock split or
       otherwise change its capitalization, except upon exercise of options,
       warrants and other rights that exist on the date of the merger agreement
       or that the merger agreement permits to be issued;

     - not grant any new options, warrants or other rights to acquire shares of
       its capital stock;

     - not amend or modify any options, warrants or other rights to acquire
       shares of its capital stock existing on the date of the merger agreement;

     - not increase any compensation or benefits or enter into, amend or extend
       any employment or consulting agreement with any former, present or future
       employees, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice;

     - not increase any compensation or benefits or enter into, amend or extend
       any employment agreement with any former, present or future officer or
       director;

     - not adopt any new employee benefit plan or agreement (including any stock
       option, stock benefit or stock purchase plan) or amend (except as
       required by law) any existing employee benefit plan in any material
       respect, except for changes that are less favorable to the plan
       participants;

     - not terminate any executive officer without cause or give any executive
       officer a right to terminate employment if the termination would require
       enhanced separation payments at the time of the merger, except as
       permitted by the merger agreement and except as approved by good faith
       action of its board of directors after the other party has received
       advance written notice of the proposed action and the party has consulted
       in advance with the other party regarding the action;

     - not permit any holder of a stock option to have shares withheld upon
       exercise, for tax purposes, in excess of the minimum number needed to
       satisfy federal and state tax withholding requirements;

     - not declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make other distribution or
       payment with respect to any shares of its capital stock and not redeem,
       purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock;

     - not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any material assets, except sales
       of surplus equipment or sales of other assets in the ordinary course of
       business;

     - not acquire or agree to acquire in any manner any business entity or
       assets for an aggregate consideration in excess of $1 million or where a
       filing under the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
       1976 or any non-U.S. competition, antitrust or premerger notification law
       is required, except pursuant to contractual commitments in effect as of
       the date of the merger agreement or as disclosed prior to the effective
       time of the merger;

     - maintain insurance in such amounts and against such risks and losses as
       is customary for it;

     - not make or rescind any material tax election;

     - not settle or compromise any material tax claim or controversy;

     - not materially change any of its methods of reporting relating to taxes,
       except as may be required by applicable law;

     - not incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money;

     - not issue or sell any debt securities or warrants or rights to acquire
       any debt securities, or guarantee any debt securities of others;

     - not enter into any material lease or create any material encumbrance on
       any of its property in connection with any indebtedness, except in the
       ordinary course of business;

     - not make capital expenditures in excess of $1 million per month over its
       previously disclosed capital expenditure forecast, except for specified
       capital expenditures covered by insurance;

     - not purchase or acquire any capital stock of the other party;

     - not take any action reasonably likely to delay materially or adversely
       affect the ability of any of the parties to obtain required consents,
       authorizations, orders or approvals of governmental or other regulatory
       authorities or the expiration of any applicable waiting period required
       to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

     - not engage in any business activities, or liquidate, merge or consolidate
       with any other corporation or permit any other corporation to merger into
       or consolidate with it, unless allowed by the merger agreement;

     - not agree in writing or otherwise to take any action inconsistent with
       the foregoing or with the covenants described below applicable to it; and

     - not terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of any agreement with
       a standstill covenant to which it is a party and enforce, to the fullest
       extent permitted under applicable law, the provisions of these
       agreements, including obtaining injunctions to prevent any breaches of
       the agreements and enforcing specifically the terms and provisions of the
       agreements, unless the board of directors consults with outside legal
       counsel and concludes in good faith that doing so would be inconsistent
       with the board's fiduciary duties.

  
Additional Agreements

     Pursuant to the merger agreement, Pride and Marine also agreed that:

     - the parties will promptly make their respective filings and make any
       other required submissions under the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
       Improvements Act of 1976 and any applicable non-U.S. competition,
       antitrust or premerger notification laws with respect to the mergers;

     - the parties will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to
       cooperate with one another in:

      - determining which filings the parties must make before the effective
        time of the mergers with, and which consents, approvals, permits or
        authorizations the parties must obtain before the effective time of the
        mergers from, governmental or regulatory authorities of the United
        States and other jurisdictions in connection with the mergers and the
        related transactions; and

      - making all such filings and seeking all such consents, approvals,
        permits or authorizations in a timely manner without causing a material
        adverse effect on either party;

     - the parties will promptly notify each other of any communication from any
       governmental authority concerning the merger agreement or related
       transactions and permit the other party to review in advance any proposed
       communication to any governmental entity;

     - the parties will not agree to participate in any meeting or discussion
       with any governmental entity regarding any filing, investigation or other
       inquiry about the merger agreement or related

       transactions unless the other party is consulted in advance and given the
       opportunity to attend and participate;

     - the parties will furnish each other copies of all correspondence, filings
       and communications with any governmental or regulatory authorities on the
       one hand, and their affiliates and representatives on the other hand,
       about the merger agreement and related transactions;

     - the parties will furnish each other with such necessary information and
       reasonable assistance that the other parties reasonably request in
       connection with their preparation of necessary filings, registrations or
       submissions of information to any governmental or regulatory authorities;

     - the parties will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to avoid
       the entry of, or have vacated, terminated or modified, any decree, order
       or judgment that would prevent or delay the closing of the mergers;

     - the parties will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to take
       any and all steps necessary to obtain any consents or eliminate any
       impediments to the mergers;

     - each party agrees that nothing in the merger agreement requires it to:

      - dispose of any its assets or limit its freedom of action with respect to
        any of its businesses;

      - consent to any disposition of its assets or limits on its freedom of
        action with respect to any of its businesses;

      - commit, agree or consent to dispose of any of its assets or limit its
        freedom of action with respect to any of its businesses;

      - obtain any consents, approvals, permits or authorizations or to remove
        any impediments to the mergers relating to antitrust laws; or

      - avoid the entry of, or to effect the dissolution of, any injunction,
        restraining order or other order in any suit or proceeding relating to
        antitrust laws;

      other than matters that do not and are not reasonably likely to,
      individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on either
      party or on New Pride;

     - the parties will use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the
       mergers to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
       368(a) Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and will not take actions, cause
       actions to be taken, or fail to take actions to prevent either of the
       mergers from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
       368(a) or cause the Marine shareholders who exchange Marine common stock
       solely for Pride common stock to recognize taxable gain under Section
       368(a);

     - the parties will provide to each other access to their respective
       properties, records, files and other information as the other parties may
       reasonably request;

     - the parties will consult with one another and mutually agree upon any
       press releases and other public announcements regarding the mergers;

     - Pride will cause New Pride to prepare and submit to the New York Stock
       Exchange a listing application covering New Pride's common stock issuable
       in the reincorporation merger and will use commercially reasonable
       efforts to obtain, before the effective time of the reincorporation
       merger, the NYSE's approval for the listing of those share;

     - Pride will promptly prepare and submit to the New York Stock Exchange a
       listing application covering the shares of Pride common stock covered by
       the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       is a part and shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain,
       before the effective time of the merger, the NYSE's approval for the
       listing of those shares;

     - the parties will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to have
       timely delivered to the other party a "comfort" letter from their
       independent public accountants;

     - each party will provide each other party, at least five business days
       prior to the effective time of the Marine merger, a list of persons who
       may be its Rule 145 affiliates, and each party will use commercially
       reasonable best efforts to obtain from their respective Rule 145
       affiliates an undertaking not to transfer Pride or New Pride common stock
       issued to such person pursuant to the mergers except (1) pursuant to an
       effective registration statement, (2) in compliance with Rule 145 or (3)
       pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under the
       Securities Act;

     - each party will pay all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection
       with the mergers, regardless of whether the mergers become effective,
       other than costs that are specified to be shared or reimbursed under the
       merger agreement;

     - neither of the parties will take any action to terminate their respective
       shareholder rights plans, redeem any of the rights issued thereunder,
       amend their respective rights agreements in a manner adverse to the other
       party or cause any person to trigger the issuance of rights, except for
       actions taken to enter into an agreement that is superior to the mergers;

     - the parties will take all necessary action to convene meetings of their
       respective shareholders as promptly as practicable to consider and vote
       on the merger agreement and the approval of the mergers, and to use their
       best efforts to hold their respective shareholder meetings on the same
       day;

     - the parties will not take any action or fail to take any action which
       would prevent or likely prevent the mergers from qualifying for pooling
       of interest accounting treatment;

     - each person who had been an officer or director of Pride or Marine before
       the mergers will be indemnified by New Pride after the mergers to the
       fullest extent permitted under applicable law.
The rights of these
       officers and directors will be in addition to any rights they may have
       under New Pride's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
The merger
       agreement further provides that, for six years after the merger, New
       Pride will maintain officers' and directors' liability insurance policies
       that provide coverage to the existing Pride and Marine officers and
       directors covered by an existing policy that are substantially no less
       advantageous to the indemnified parties than the existing policies.
New
       Pride will not, however, be required to pay annual premiums in excess of
       150% of the sum of the last annual premium paid by each of Pride or
       Marine before the execution of the merger agreement;

     - Pride will assume all of Marine's employee stock options, incentives,
       awards and benefits plans identified in the merger agreement on the same
       terms and conditions as were applicable before execution of the merger
       agreement.
Pride will take all necessary action to reserve for issuance a
       sufficient number of shares of Pride common stock to do so;

     - New Pride will assume all of Pride's employee stock options, incentives,
       awards and benefits plans identified in the merger agreement (including
       all of the Marine stock options, incentives, awards and benefits plans
       assumed by Pride) on the same terms and conditions as were applicable
       before the closing of the mergers.
New Pride will take all necessary
       action to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of New Pride
       common stock to do so;

     - the parties agree that all employees of Marine and Pride before the
       mergers will be employed by New Pride after the mergers.
However, New
       Pride does not have any obligations to continue employing such employees
       for any length of time thereafter.
Until otherwise determined, benefit
       plans of both Pride and Marine will remain effective after the mergers If
       such a plan is not continued, New Pride will continue the plan for a
       period of one year after the mergers if it is not less favorable in the
       aggregate, to the employees covered, except to the extent compliance with
       this would be unduly burdensome;

     - New Pride will file with the SEC a registration statement on an
       appropriate form regarding New Pride common stock subject to options or
       other equity-based awards of Pride and Marine;

     - Pride and all of its subsidiaries will use all commercially reasonable
       best efforts to prevent a change of control of Pride or any other event
       which constitutes a default under any Pride indebtedness prior to the
       closing of the Marine merger;

     - Marine will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain and
       deliver to Pride a letter from KPMG LLP in which KPMG LLP concurs with
       the conclusion of Marine's management that no condition exists that would
       preclude a pooling of interests accounting treatment; and

     - Pride will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain and
       deliver to Marine a letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in which
       PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP concurs with conclusion of Pride's management
       that no condition exists that would preclude a pooling of interests
       accounting treatment.

  
No Solicitation

     Neither Pride nor Marine will permit any of its officers, directors,
employees, agents or representatives, directly or indirectly, to solicit,
initiate or encourage any inquiry, proposal or offer to merge, consolidate,
purchase or otherwise acquire:

     - 15% or more of the consolidated assets, net revenues or net income of the
       respective party; or

     - 15% or more of any class of capital stock of the respective party.

     
Any such proposal, offer or transaction may be referred to in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, respectively, as a "Pride acquisition proposal" or a
"Marine acquisition proposal.
"

     Each party agreed not to cooperate with, assist, participate or engage in
any discussions or negotiations concerning an acquisition proposal with respect
to that party by a third party.
Both parties agreed to cease immediately and
terminate any existing negotiations with any parties with respect to any of the
foregoing.
However, nothing contained in the merger agreement prevents either
party from:

     - complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
       of 1934 with regard to a Pride or a Marine acquisition proposal; or

     - before the party's shareholders approve the mergers, providing
       information to or engaging in any negotiations with any person who has
       made an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal with respect
       to all the outstanding shares of the party's common stock or all or
       substantially all the assets of the party that, in the good faith
       judgment of the board of directors of the party, taking into account the
       likelihood of financing, and based on the advice of a financial adviser
       of recognized national reputation, a written summary of which is promptly
       provided to the other party, is superior to the merger, if the party's
       board of directors, after consultation with its outside legal counsel,
       determines that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with its
       fiduciary obligations.
Any information so provided is required to be
       provided pursuant to a confidentiality and standstill agreement at least
       as favorable to the party as the confidentiality and standstill agreement
       entered into in connection with the mergers and that does not contain
       terms that prevent the party from complying with its no-solicitation
       obligations under the merger agreement.

     
If either party intends to participate in any discussions or negotiations
or to provide any information to any third party, that party is required to:

     - give prompt prior oral and written notice to the other party of each such
       action;

     - immediately notify the other party orally and in writing of any requests
       for information or the receipt of any acquisition proposal or inquiry
       with respect to or that could lead to an acquisition proposal, including
       the identity of the person or group (1) engaging in such discussions or

       negotiations, (2) requesting such information or (3) making such
       acquisition proposal, and the material terms and conditions of any
       acquisition proposal;

     - keep the other party fully informed on a timely basis of the status and
       details, including any changes or proposed changes to such status or
       details, of any such requests, acquisition proposals or inquiries; and

     - provide to the other party as soon as practicable after receipt or
       delivery thereof, copies of all correspondence and other written material
       sent or provided from any third party, or sent or provided to any third
       party, in connection with any acquisition proposal.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Marine, on the one hand, and Pride, on the other hand, have made various
representations and warranties in the merger agreement which are substantially
reciprocal.
Those representations and warranties pertain to:

     - the organization, good standing and foreign qualification of the parties
       and their significant subsidiaries;

     - the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the merger
       agreement and related matters;

     - capitalization;

     - compliance with laws and possession of permits;

     - whether the party's execution and delivery of the merger agreement or
       consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby causes any conflict
       with charter documents, a violation of any applicable law or a default or
       change of control under any material agreement or any contract regarding
       officers or directors benefits;

     - documents and reports filed with the SEC;

     - litigation;

     - whether certain events, changes or effects have occurred from December
       31, 2000 to the date of the merger agreement;

     - taxes;

     - retirement and other employee plans and matters relating to the Employee
       Retirement Income Security Act of 1974;

     - labor matters;

     - environmental matters;

     - intellectual property matters;

     - material court orders and decrees;

     - maintenance of insurance;

     - brokerage and similar fees;

     - receipt of fairness opinions from financial advisors;

     - the shareholder votes required in connection with the merger agreement;

     - Pride's and Marine's ownership of their respective drilling rigs and
       Pride's drillships;

     - liabilities not disclosed in the materials related to the mergers;

     - non-compete agreements and material contracts;

     - capital expenditure programs;

     - improper payments;

     - amendments and actions taken under Pride's and Marine's respective rights
       agreement; and

     - pooling of interests.

     
In addition, Pride makes representations and warranties regarding change of
control provisions under its indentures.
Pride also makes representations and
warranties about the ownership and activities of New Pride and AM Merger, Inc.

     
None of these representations and warranties survive the effectiveness of
the mergers.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGERS

  Conditions to Each Party's Obligations

     Marine, Pride, New Pride and AM Merger, Inc. will be obligated to effect
the mergers only if the following conditions are satisfied or waived at or
before the closing date.

     
Shareholder Approval.  
Both Pride and Marine must have received the
necessary shareholder approval of the merger agreement.

     
Governmental Prohibition on the Consummation of the Mergers.  
No statute,
rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or cease and desist order
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any federal, state
or foreign governmental authority which prohibits the consummation of the
mergers substantially on the terms contained in the merger agreement.
However,
the party seeking to rely on this condition must have complied with the
covenants in the merger agreement which generally relate to antitrust, tax and
other governmental filings and approvals and as to other matters used its
commercially reasonable best efforts to have any such regulation, statute or
other action lifted or vacated.

     
No Injunctions or Restraints.  
None of the parties to the merger agreement
shall be subject to any decree, order or injunction of a United States federal
or state or foreign court of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the mergers.

However, the party seeking to rely on this condition must have complied with the
covenants in the merger agreement which generally relate to antitrust, tax and
other governmental filings and approvals and as to other matters used its
commercially reasonable best efforts to have any such decree, order or
injunction lifted or vacated.

     
Registration Statement.  
No stop order concerning the registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part shall be
in effect.

     
NYSE Listing.  
The New York Stock Exchange shall have authorized for
listing the New Pride common stock to be issued in connection with the mergers.

  
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Marine to Effect the Mergers

     Marine is not obligated to effect the mergers unless the following
additional conditions are satisfied or waived at or before the closing date.

     
Covenants, Representations and Warranties.  
Pride, New Pride and AM Merger,
Inc. shall have performed in all material respects the covenants and agreements
that the merger agreement requires them to perform on or before the closing
date.
The representations and warranties of Pride, New Pride and AM Merger, Inc.
contained in the merger agreement that are qualified as to materiality or
material adverse effect on Pride shall be true and correct in all respects as of
the closing date.
The representations and warranties of Pride, New Pride and AM
Merger, Inc. contained in the merger agreement that are not qualified as to
materiality or material adverse effect on Pride shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the closing date, except for breaches of representations and
inaccuracies in warranties that do not and are not reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on Pride.
However, representations and warranties

made as of a specified date need only be so true and correct as of the specified
date.
Marine is entitled to receive a certificate of Pride, executed by
president or one of its vice presidents, certifying to the foregoing effect.

     
Tax Opinion.  
Porter & Hedges, L.L.P., counsel to Marine, shall have
delivered to Marine an opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Marine, dated the closing date, stating that, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, the mergers will each qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and (i) no gain or loss will be recognized by
the Marine shareholders who exchange shares of Marine common stock solely for
Pride common stock pursuant to the Marine merger, and who then exchange such
Pride common stock solely for New Pride common stock pursuant to the
reincorporation merger and (ii) no gain or loss will be recognized by Pride or
Marine on the transfer of its respective assets in the mergers.
In rendering
this opinion, Porter & Hedges, L.L.P. will be entitled to receive and rely upon
representations of officers of Pride, Marine, New Pride and AM Merger, Inc.
as
of the closing date.

     
No Material Adverse Effect.  
At any time after the date of the merger
agreement, no event or occurrence shall have occurred that has had or is likely
to have a material adverse effect on Pride.

  
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Pride to Effect the Mergers

     Pride is not obligated to effect the mergers unless the following
additional conditions are satisfied or waived at or before the closing date.

     
Covenants, Representations and Warranties.  
Marine shall have performed in
all material respects the covenants and agreements that the merger agreement
requires them to perform on or before the closing date.
The representations and
warranties of Marine contained in the merger agreement that are qualified as to
materiality or material adverse effect on Marine shall be true and correct in
all respects as of the closing date.
The representations and warranties of
Marine contained in the merger agreement that are not qualified as to
materiality or material adverse effect for Marine shall be true and correct as
of the closing date, except for breaches of representations and inaccuracies in
warranties that do not and are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on Marine.
Pride is entitled to receive a certificate of Marine, executed
by its president or any of its vice presidents certifying to the foregoing
effect.

     
Tax Opinion.  
Baker Botts L.L.P., counsel to Pride, shall have delivered to
Pride an opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Pride, dated
the closing date, stating that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
mergers will each qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code and (i) no gain or loss will be recognized by the
shareholders of Pride, including the shareholders of Marine who received Pride
common stock in the Marine merger, who exchange Pride common stock solely for
New Pride common stock pursuant to the reincorporation merger and (ii) no gain
or loss will be recognized by Pride or Marine on the transfer of its respective
assets in the mergers.
In rendering this opinion, Baker Botts L.L.P. will be
entitled to receive and rely upon representations of officers of Pride and
Marine, as of the closing date.

     
No Material Adverse Effect.  
At any time after the date of the merger
agreement, no event or occurrence shall have occurred that has had or is likely
to have a material adverse effect on Marine.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     Marine and Pride may terminate the merger agreement by mutual written
consent.

     
Either the board of directors of Marine or Pride may terminate the merger
agreement if:

     - the parties have not completed the mergers by December 31, 2001, and the
       party desiring to terminate the merger agreement for this reason has not
       failed to perform or observe in any material respect any of its
       obligations under the merger agreement in any manner that caused the
       merger not to occur on or before that date;

     - at a meeting of the shareholders of Marine or of Pride, the shareholders
       do not approve the merger agreement; or

     - a U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. court of competent jurisdiction or
       federal or state or non-U.S. governmental, regulatory or administrative
       agency or commission has issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any
       other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
       the mergers, and this order, decree, ruling or other action has become
       final and unappealable.
However, the party seeking to terminate the
       merger agreement for this reason must have complied with the covenants in
       the merger agreement which generally relate to antitrust, tax and other
       governmental filings and approvals and as to other matters used its
       commercially reasonable best efforts to remove this injunction, decree or
       order.

     
Either Pride or Marine may terminate the merger agreement if:

     - the non-terminating party has breached any representation, warranty,
       covenant or agreement in the merger agreement, or any representation or
       warranty of the non-terminating party has become untrue, in either case
       such that a condition to the merger would not be met, and such breach is
       not curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after the
       terminating party gives written notice of the breach to the
       non-terminating party, and the terminating party is not, at that time, in
       material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in
       the merger agreement; or

     - the board of directors of the non-terminating party has withdrawn or
       materially modified, in a manner adverse to the terminating party, its
       approval or recommendation of the merger agreement, or recommended a
       competing acquisition proposal for the non-terminating party, or resolved
       to do so.

     
In addition, either Pride or Marine may terminate the merger agreement if,
before its shareholders approve the merger agreement, the terminating party
concurrently enters into a binding definitive written agreement concerning a
transaction that constitutes a superior proposal for the terminating party after
the board of directors of the terminating party determines that:

     - proceeding with the mergers would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
       obligations by reason of the superior proposal; and

     - there is a substantial likelihood that the approval by the terminating
       party's shareholders of the merger agreement with the non-terminating
       party will not be obtained by reason of the existence of the superior
       proposal for the terminating party.


However, neither Pride nor Marine may effect that termination:

     - unless the terminating party has complied in all material respects with
       the non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement;

     - if the non-terminating party is entitled to terminate the merger
       agreement because the terminating party has breached any representation,
       warranty, covenant or agreement in the merger agreement, or any
       representation or warranty of the terminating party shall have become
       materially untrue;

     - unless and until the non-terminating party receives at least 10 business
       days' prior written notice from the terminating party of its intention to
       effect that termination;

     - during that 10-business day period, the terminating party considers, and
       causes its respective financial and legal advisors to consider, any
       adjustment in the terms and conditions of the merger agreement that the
       non-terminating party may propose; and

     - until the terminating party has paid to the non-terminating party the $50
       million termination fee described under "-- Expenses and Termination
       Fees.
"

     No party may terminate the merger agreement after the effectiveness of the
mergers.


TERMINATION FEES AND EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT

     Whether or not the mergers are completed, all costs and expenses incurred
in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring those expenses, except as
expressly provided in the merger agreement.

     
Marine is required to pay Pride a cash termination fee of $50 million at
the time of the termination if the merger agreement is terminated as follows:

     - by Marine or Pride because Marine's shareholders do not approve the
       merger agreement after the public announcement of a competing acquisition
       proposal for Marine, whether or not that proposal is still pending or has
       been consummated;

     - by Pride because the board of directors of Marine has withdrawn or
       materially modified, in a manner adverse to Pride, its approval or
       recommendation of the merger agreement, or recommended a competing
       acquisition proposal for Marine, or resolved to do so; or

     - by Marine because the board of directors of Marine determines that
       proceeding with the mergers would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
       duties and concurrently enters into a binding definitive agreement
       concerning a transaction that constitutes a superior proposal for Marine.

     
Pride is required to pay Marine a cash termination fee of $50 million at
the time of the termination if the merger agreement is terminated as follows:

     - by Marine or Pride because Pride's shareholders do not approve the merger
       agreement after the public announcement of a competing acquisition
       proposal for Pride, whether or not that proposal is still pending or has
       been consummated;

     - by Marine because the board of directors of Pride has withdrawn or
       materially modified, in a manner adverse to Marine, its approval or
       recommendation of the merger agreement, or recommended a competing
       acquisition proposal for Marine, or resolved to do so; or

     - by Pride because the board of directors of Pride determines that
       proceeding with the mergers would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
       duties and concurrently enters into a binding definitive agreement
       concerning a transaction that constitutes a superior proposal for Pride.

     
If the merger agreement is terminated because the shareholders of Marine do
not approve the mergers and there was no public announcement of a competing
acquisition proposal for Marine before the shareholders' vote, then Marine is
required to pay Pride a fee of $5 million to reimburse it for its costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the mergers and related transactions.

     
If the merger agreement is terminated because the shareholders of Pride do
not approve the mergers and there was no public announcement of a competing
acquisition proposal for Pride before the shareholders' vote, then Pride is
required to pay Marine a fee of $5 million to reimburse it for its costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the mergers and related transactions.


AMENDMENT

     
The parties may amend the merger agreement, by action taken or authorized
by their boards of directors, at any time before or after approval by the
shareholders of the parties of the matters presented in connection with the
mergers.
After any shareholder approval, the parties may not amend the merger
agreement if further approval by those shareholders is required by law, unless
such further approval is obtained.

                       
RECIPROCAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS

     General.  
As a condition and inducement to each party's willingness to
enter into the merger agreement, each party requested, and the other party
agreed, to grant the requesting party an irrevocable option to purchase up to
19.9% of the granting party's issued and outstanding common stock.
The terms of
the option granted by Pride with respect to its common stock (the "Pride Stock
Option Agreement") are virtually identical to the terms of the option granted by
Marine with respect to its common stock (the "Marine Stock Option Agreement").

Both agreements are dated as of May 23, 2001 and are attached as Annex F and G
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     
Number of Shares and Exercise Price.  
The number of shares subject to each
option agreement adjusts to equal 19.9% of the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Pride or Marine common stock in the event that any additional shares
of Pride or Marine common stock are issued or otherwise become outstanding after
May 23, 2001, or any shares of Pride or Marine common stock are redeemed,
repurchased, retired or otherwise cease to be outstanding after May 23, 2001.

The number of Marine shares subject to the Pride Stock Option Agreement is
initially established at 11,680,759.
The number of Pride shares subject to the
Marine Stock Option Agreement is initially established at 14,645,693.
The per
share price (the "exercise price") of the Marine shares for which the option
granted in the Pride Stock Option Agreement is exercisable is $27.72, and the
exercise price of the Pride shares for which the option granted in the Marine
Stock Option Agreement is exercisable is $32.65.
Each exercise price was
determined based upon the closing price of Pride and Marine common stock on the
New York Stock Exchange on the dates the option agreements were signed.

     
Adjustments.  
The exercise price and the type and number of shares or
securities subject to the stock option agreements will be adjusted appropriately
for any stock dividend, split-up, merger, recapitalization, combination,
conversion, exchange of shares, spin-off or similar transactions in respect of
the Marine or Pride common stock.

     
Exercisability.  
Each of the stock options is exercisable, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time following the occurrence of an exercise
date (as defined below) and shall remain in full force and effect until the
earliest to occur of:

          (1) the effective time (as defined in the merger agreement),

          (2) twelve months after the first receipt by the grantee of written
     notice from the grantor of the occurrence of an exercise date; or

          (3) the date of termination of the merger agreement, unless the
     grantor is obligated to pay a $50 million fee pursuant to the merger
     agreement in connection with such termination (see "The Merger
     Agreement -- Effect of Termination").

     
An "exercise date" is the date on which any of the events giving rise to
the obligation of Marine or Pride to pay the other party the $50 million fee
pursuant to the termination fee provisions of the merger agreement.
These events
include the termination by Pride or Marine, as the case may be, of the merger
agreement following the failure of the other party's shareholders to vote in
favor of approval of the merger agreement or the withdrawal or modification of
the other party's board of directors' recommendation to the other party's
shareholders in favor of approval of the merger agreement in connection with a
competing proposal for a combination between the other party and a third party,
and in certain other circumstances.

     
Put Right.  
Pursuant to the terms of the reciprocal stock option
agreements, the grantee of the option may require the grantor to purchase from
the grantee that portion of the option relating to all or any part of the
unexercised option shares (or as to which portion the option has been exercised
but the option closing has not yet occurred) and all or any portion of the
shares of the grantor's common stock purchased by the grantee pursuant to the
option and with respect to which the grantee then has ownership.
The put right
may be exercised by the grantee at any time and from time to time after the
occurrence of an exercise event and before 120 days after the expiration of the
relevant option.

     
Registration Rights.  
The grantee will have rights to require the
registration under the securities laws of any shares purchased pursuant to the
option, which would allow those shares to be resold by the grantee.

     
Profit Limitation.  
The stock option agreements limits the total profit
that the grantee may receive to $50 million.
Each grantee's total profit is
equal to the aggregate amount (before taxes) of:

          (1) all amounts received by the grantee pursuant to the grantor's
     repurchase obligation (i.e., the put right), less amounts paid by the
     grantee for shares being repurchased pursuant to the put right;

          (2) the amounts received by or being paid to the grantee pursuant to
     the arm's length sale of all or part of the option shares, less the
     grantee's purchase price for such option shares; and

          (3) all amounts received by or being paid to the grantee pursuant to
     the termination fee provisions of the merger agreement.

                               
BUSINESS OF PRIDE

     Pride is a leading international provider of contract drilling and related
services, operating both offshore and on land.
In recent years, Pride has
focused its growth strategy on the higher margin offshore and international
drilling markets.
Pride currently operates a global fleet of 305 rigs, including
two ultra-deepwater drillships, nine semisubmersible rigs, 19 jackup rigs, five
tender-assisted rigs, three barge rigs, 21 offshore platform rigs and 246
land-based drilling and workover rigs.
Pride operates in more than 20 countries
and marine provinces.
The significant diversity of Pride's rig fleet and areas
of operation enables it to provide a broad range of services and to take
advantage of market upturns while reducing its exposure to sharp downturns in
any particular market sector or geographic region.

     
Pride's executive offices are located at 5847 San Felipe, Suite 3300,
Houston, Texas 77057.
Its telephone number at that address is (713) 789-1400.

     
For a more detailed description of the business of Pride, see the
description set forth in Pride's 2000 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, which are incorporated by reference herein.
See "Where You
Can Find More Information.
"

                               BUSINESS OF MARINE

     Marine's primary business is providing offshore contract drilling services
to independent and major oil and gas companies.
Marine presently operates
offshore domestically in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and internationally in
Southeast Asia, the North Sea and India.

     
Marine owns and operates a fleet of 17 offshore drilling rigs consisting of
five independent leg jack-up units, four of which have a cantilever feature, ten
mat supported jack-up units, five of which have a cantilever feature, and two
semi-submersible units.
Additionally, Marine owns one independent leg jack-up
rig configured as an accommodation unit.
Currently, fifteen of Marine's rigs are
located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and the three remaining rigs are in
Southeast Asia, the North Sea and India.

     
Marine's executive offices are located at One Sugar Creek Center Boulevard,
Suite 600, Sugar Land, Texas 77489.
Its telephone number at that address is
(281) 243-3000.

     
For a more detailed description of the business of Marine, see the
description set forth in Marine's 2000 Annual Report of Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q which are incorporated by reference herein.
See "Where You
Can Find More Information.
"

                     MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     
The following table shows the high and low sales prices for Pride common
stock and Marine common stock for the periods shown in the table.
No cash
dividends were declared on either stock during the periods presented in the
table.

     
The Pride common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "PDE."
The Marine common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "MRL."
As of             , 2001, the record date for
determining holders of Pride common stock and Marine common stock entitled to
vote at the special meetings, there were           holders of record of Pride
common stock and           holders of record of Marine common stock.

                                                                  
PRIDE            MARINE
                                                             ---------------   ---------------
CALENDAR YEAR                                                 HIGH     LOW      HIGH     LOW
- -------------                                                ------   ------   ------   
------

  First quarter............................................  $ 9.75   $ 4.81   $11.75   $ 5.94
  Second quarter...........................................   
12.25     7.06    17.75     9.69
  Third quarter............................................   
18.31     9.94    18.69    12.62
  Fourth quarter...........................................   
16.69    11.50    22.50    12.62

  First quarter............................................   
22.94    13.25    27.44    17.75
  Second quarter...........................................   
26.75    19.69    31.13    21.94
  Third quarter............................................   29.63    19.06    31.87    21.50
  Fourth quarter...........................................   28.88    18.06    28.94    19.87

  First quarter............................................   29.30    19.25    32.51    24.44
  Second quarter...........................................   32.66    18.56    30.73    18.55
  Third quarter (through           ).......................

     
On May 23, 2001, the last full trading day before Pride and Marine
announced the execution of the merger agreement, Pride common stock closed at
$32.65 per share and Marine common stock closed at $27.72 per share.
The market
price of the two stocks will fluctuate before the mergers, but the exchange
ratio is fixed at one-for-one.
SHAREHOLDERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO OBTAIN RECENT
STOCK QUOTES FOR PRIDE COMMON STOCK AND MARINE COMMON STOCK.

     
An application has been filed with the New York Stock Exchange to list the
New Pride common stock that holders of Marine common stock and Pride common
stock will receive in the mergers under the symbol "PDE."

          UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The following unaudited condensed pro forma combined balance sheet as of
March 31, 2001 and the unaudited condensed pro forma combined statements of
operations for the three-month period ended March 31, 2001 and for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, illustrate the effect of
the mergers under the pooling of interests method of accounting.

     
The historical balance sheet and results of operations information for
Pride has been derived from Pride's audited and unaudited consolidated financial
statements for the periods presented incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.
The historical balance sheet and results of
operations information for Marine has been derived from Marine's audited and
unaudited consolidated financial statements for the periods presented
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The
unaudited condensed pro forma combined balance sheet has been prepared assuming
the mergers were consummated on March 31, 2001.
The unaudited condensed pro
forma combined statements of operations have been prepared assuming that the
mergers were consummated on January 1, 1998.

     
The pro forma adjustments and the resulting unaudited condensed pro forma
financial statements are based upon available information and certain
assumptions and estimates described in the notes to unaudited condensed pro
forma combined financial statements.
In preparing these pro forma financial
statements, Pride's management has reviewed the accounting practices followed by
Marine, and Marine's management has reviewed the accounting practices followed
by Pride, to determine whether any pro forma adjustments were required for the
combining companies to conform to the same accounting practices.
No significant
differences in accounting practices were identified by Pride's management or by
Marine's management and hence no pro forma adjustments were made in this
respect.

     
The condensed pro forma combined financial statements do not purport to
represent what the financial position or results of operations of New Pride
actually would have been had the mergers occurred on the dates indicated or to
project New Pride's financial position or results of operations for any future
date or period.
Furthermore, the unaudited condensed pro forma combined
financial statements do not reflect any cost savings or other synergies which
may result from the mergers or any other changes which may occur as the result
of post-combination activities and other matters.
In addition, the unaudited
condensed pro forma combined statements of operations exclude non-recurring
charges directly attributable to the mergers that will be charged to operations
in the quarter in which the mergers are actually consummated.

     
The unaudited condensed pro forma combined financial statements and the
notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated
financial statements of Pride, including the notes thereto, and the historical
consolidated financial statements of Marine, including the notes thereto, all of
which are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                           
PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

              UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                              AS OF MARCH 31, 2001
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                    HISTORICAL                 PRO FORMA
                                               ---------------------   --------------------------
                                                 PRIDE       MARINE    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                               ----------   --------   -----------     ----------

Cash and cash equivalents (includes
  restricted cash of $47,811)................  $  274,910   $  5,754    $     --       $  280,664
Accounts receivable, net.....................     255,539     49,299          --          304,838
Other current assets.........................     125,904      2,531          --          128,435
                                               ----------   --------    --------       ----------
          Total current assets...............     656,353     57,584          --          713,937
                                               ----------   --------    --------       
----------
Property and equipment, net..................   2,596,725    592,396          --        3,189,121
Other assets, net............................     162,327      1,040          --          163,367
                                               ----------   
--------    --------       ----------
          Total assets.......................  $3,415,405   $651,020    $     --       $4,066,425
                                               ==========   ========    ========       ==========
Current liabilities..........................  $  463,553   $ 24,556    $ 21,000(a)    $  509,109
Long-term debt and lease obligations.........   
1,659,839     32,000          --        1,691,839
Other long-term liabilities..................      92,428      1,292          --           93,720
Deferred income taxes........................      43,754     80,022          --          123,776
Minority interest............................      54,655         --          --           54,655
Shareholders' equity
Common stock and paid-in capital.............     900,634    291,426          --        1,192,060
Treasury and restricted stock................        (191)      (427)         --             (618)
Retained earnings............................     200,733    222,151     (21,000)(a)      401,884
                                               ----------   --------    --------       ----------
          Total shareholders' equity.........   1,101,176    513,150     (21,000)       1,593,326
                                               ----------   --------    --------       ----------
          Total liabilities and shareholders'
            equity...........................  $3,415,405   $651,020    $     --       $4,066,425
                                               ==========   ========    ========       ==========

               The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
          unaudited condensed pro forma combined financial statements.

                           
PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

         UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                   FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                       HISTORICAL               PRO FORMA
                                                   ------------------     ----------------------
                                                    PRIDE     MARINE      ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                   --------   -------     -----------   --------

Revenues.........................................  $270,354   $84,874       $   --      $355,228
Operating costs..................................   173,689    31,703           --       205,392
                                                   --------   -------       ------      --------
          Gross margin...........................    96,665    53,171           --       149,836
Depreciation and amortization....................    36,582    11,708           --        48,290
Selling, general and administrative..............    21,589     3,734           --        25,323
                                                   --------   -------       ------      --------
          Earnings from operations...............    38,494    37,729           --        76,223
                                                   --------   -------       ------      --------
Other income (expense)
  Other income, net..............................     1,475       330           --         1,805
  Interest income................................     3,782       111           --         3,893
  Interest expense...............................   (23,223)   (1,168)          --       (24,391)
                                                   --------   -------       ------      --------
          Total other income (expense), net......   (17,966)     (727)          --       (18,693)
                                                   --------   -------       ------      --------
Earnings before income taxes and minority
  interest.......................................    20,528    37,002           --        57,530
Income tax provision.............................     4,510    13,043           --        17,553
Minority interest................................     4,056        --           --         4,056
                                                   --------   -------       ------      
--------
Net earnings.....................................  $ 11,962   $23,959       $   --      $ 35,921
                                                   ========   =======       ======      ========
Net earnings per share
  Basic..........................................  $   0.17   $  0.41       $   --      $   0.28
  Diluted........................................  $   0.16   $  0.40       $   --      $   0.26
Weighted average shares outstanding
  Basic..........................................    70,046    58,627           --       128,673
  Diluted........................................    80,644    59,552        7,017(b)    147,213

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
                    pro forma combined financial statements.

                           
PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

         UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                      HISTORICAL               PRO FORMA
                                                  -------------------   ------------------------
                                                   PRIDE      MARINE    ADJUSTMENTS    COMBINED
                                                  --------   --------   -----------   ----------

Revenues........................................  $909,007   $264,031      $ --       $1,173,038
Operating costs.................................   604,580    117,723        --          722,303
                                                  --------   --------      ----       ----------
          Gross margin..........................   304,427    146,308        --          450,735
Depreciation and amortization...................   130,255     44,315        --          174,570
Selling, general and administrative.............    80,496     15,032        --           95,528
                                                  --------   --------      ----       ----------
          Earnings from operations..............    93,676     86,961        --          180,637
                                                  --------   --------      ----       ----------
Other income (expense)
  Other income, net.............................     1,808      1,847        --            3,655
  Interest income...............................    12,169        513        --           12,682
  Interest expense..............................   (90,764)   (11,469)       --         (102,233)
                                                  --------   --------      ----       ----------
          Total other income (expense), net.....   (76,787)    (9,109)       --          (85,896)
                                                  --------   --------      ----       ----------
Earnings before income taxes and minority
  interest......................................    16,889     77,852        --           94,741
Income tax provision............................     5,341     29,587        --           34,928
Minority interest...............................    10,812         --        --           10,812
                                                  --------   --------      ----       ----------
Net earnings....................................  $    736   $ 48,265      $ --       $   49,001
                                                  ========   ========      ====       ==========
Net earnings per share
  Basic.........................................  $   0.01   $   0.83      $ --       $     0.40
  Diluted.......................................  $   0.01   $   0.81      $ --       $     0.39
Weighted average shares outstanding
  Basic.........................................    64,634     58,404        --          123,038
  Diluted.......................................    67,418     59,246        --          126,664


The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed pro forma
                         combined financial statements.

                           
PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

         UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                        HISTORICAL              PRO FORMA
                                                    -------------------   ----------------------
                                                     PRIDE      MARINE    ADJUSTMENTS   COMBINED
                                                    --------   --------   -----------   --------

Revenues..........................................  $619,385   $115,406     $   --      $734,791
Operating costs...................................   441,903     77,591         --       519,494
Restructuring charges.............................    12,817         --         --        12,817
                                                    --------   --------     ------      --------
     Gross margin.................................   164,665     37,815         --       202,480
Depreciation and amortization.....................    95,723     29,569         --       125,292
Selling, general and administrative...............    78,825     12,575         --        91,400
Restructuring charges.............................    23,831         --         --        23,831
                                                    --------   --------     ------      --------
     Loss from operations.........................   (33,714)    (4,329)        --       (38,043)
                                                    --------   --------     ------      --------
Other income (expense)
  Other income, net...............................    11,125      1,145         --        12,270
  Interest income.................................     8,552        886         --         9,438
  Interest expense................................   (60,992)    (6,184)        --       (67,176)
                                                    --------   --------     ------      --------
          Total other income (expense), net.......   (41,315)    (4,153)        --       (45,468)
                                                    --------   --------     ------      --------
Loss before income taxes and minority interest....   (75,029)    (8,482)        --       (83,511)
Income tax benefit................................   (23,258)    (2,352)        --       (25,610)
Minority interest.................................     3,996         --         --         3,996
                                                    --------   --------     ------      
--------
Net loss before extraordinary item................   (55,767)    (6,130)        --       (61,897)
Extraordinary item, net...........................     3,884         --         --         
3,884
                                                    --------   --------     ------      
--------
Net loss..........................................  
$(51,883)  $ (6,130)    $   --      $(58,013)
                                                    ========   ========     ======      ========
Net loss per share before extraordinary item
  Basic...........................................  $  (1.06)  $  (0.11)    $   --      $  (0.57)
  Diluted.........................................  $  (1.06)  $  (0.11)    $   --      $  (0.57)

Net loss per share after extraordinary item
  Basic...........................................  $  (0.99)  $  (0.11)    $   --      $  (0.54)
  Diluted.........................................  $  (0.99)  $  (0.11)    $   --      $  (0.54)

Weighted average shares outstanding
  Basic...........................................    52,526     55,275         --       107,801
  Diluted.........................................    52,526     55,275         --       107,801

     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
                    pro forma combined financial statements.

                           
PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

         UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                      HISTORICAL               PRO FORMA
                                                  -------------------   ------------------------
                                                   PRIDE      MARINE    ADJUSTMENTS    COMBINED
                                                  --------   --------   -----------   ----------

Revenues........................................  $835,563   $228,015     $   --      $1,063,578
Operating costs.................................   
524,344    102,166         --         626,510
Restructuring charges...........................     
5,500         --         --           5,500
                                                  --------   --------     ------      ----------
          Gross margin..........................   
305,719    125,849         --         431,568
Depreciation and amortization...................    79,931     20,191         --         100,122
Selling, general and administrative.............    84,825     12,287         --          97,112
                                                  --------   --------     ------      ----------
          Earnings from operations..............   140,963     93,371         --         234,334
                                                  --------   --------     ------      ----------
Other income (expense)
  Other income, net.............................     1,146        968         --           2,114
  Interest income...............................     5,850      1,683         --           7,533
  Interest expense..............................   (45,776)      (481)        --         (46,257)
                                                  --------   --------     ------      ----------
          Total other income (expense), net.....   (38,780)     2,170         --         (36,610)
                                                  --------   --------     ------      ----------
Earnings before income taxes and minority
  interest......................................   102,183     95,541         --         197,724
Income tax provision............................    24,726     34,720         --          59,446
Minority interest...............................       (60)        --         --             (60)
                                                  --------   --------     ------      ----------
Net earnings....................................  $ 77,517   $ 60,821     $   --      $  138,338
                                                  ========   ========     ======      ==========
Net earnings per share
  Basic.........................................  $   1.55   $   1.16     $   --      $     1.35
  Diluted.......................................  $   1.39   $   1.15     $   --      $     1.28
Weighted average shares outstanding
  Basic.........................................    50,135     52,217         --         102,352
  Diluted.......................................    60,851     52,726         --         113,577

     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
                    pro forma combined financial statements.

      
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.
BACKGROUND

     In May 2001, Pride and Marine entered into a definitive agreement to
combine in a tax-free, stock-for-stock transaction.
Pursuant to the agreement,
shareholders of each company will receive one share in a newly formed Delaware
company for each share of Pride or Marine common stock that they currently own.

The combined company will be named Pride International, Inc.

2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     
The unaudited condensed pro forma combined balance sheet gives effect to
the proposed mergers by combining the respective balance sheets of Pride and
Marine at March 31, 2001 on a pooling of interests basis.
The unaudited
condensed pro forma combined statements of operations have been prepared
assuming that the proposed mergers were consummated on January 1, 1998.


3.
MANAGEMENT ASSUMPTIONS

     
The unaudited pro forma financial statements reflect the following pro
forma adjustments to effect the mergers on a pooling of interests basis.

          
(a) Current Liabilities -- Represents estimated direct costs
     associated with the mergers, including financial advisor, attorney,
     accountant and filing fees and other expenses, which approximate $25
     million ($21 million net of income taxes assuming 50% are deductible for
     tax purposes).
These non-recurring costs, which are subject to change, will
     be charged to earnings in the quarter in which the mergers are consummated.
     
It is expected that substantially all of the direct costs associated with
     the transaction will be paid within one year after the mergers are
     consummated.

          (b) Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding -- Represents the
     adjustment to include in pro forma diluted weighted average shares
     outstanding, shares issuable by Pride pursuant to convertible debt
     securities that were excluded from Pride's historical diluted weighted
     average shares outstanding as their effect was antidilutive.


4. EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Basic net earnings per share has been computed based on the weighted
average number of shares of common stock of Pride and Marine outstanding during
each period.
Diluted net earnings per share has been computed based on the
weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents
of Pride and Marine outstanding during each period, as if stock options,
convertible debentures and other convertible debt were converted into common
stock, after giving retroactive effect to the elimination of interest expense,
net of income tax, applicable to the convertible subordinated debentures and
other convertible debt.

     
The calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding excludes 0.8
million, 7.8 million and 15.9 million common shares issuable pursuant to
outstanding options, warrants, convertible notes, convertible debentures and
other convertible debt for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, because their effect was
antidilutive.
There were 0.6 million, 1.3 million and 2.4 million stock options
outstanding at March 31, 2001, December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1998,
respectively, which were not included in the computation of diluted weighted
average shares outstanding because the exercise price of the options was greater
than the average market price of the common shares during those periods.

                   
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF NEW PRIDE

     The following description of New Pride's common stock, preferred stock,
certificate of incorporation and bylaws to be in effect upon completion of the
mergers is a summary only and is subject to the complete text of New Pride's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annexes D and E, respectively, and New Pride's rights
agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part.
You are
encouraged to read those documents carefully.

     
New Pride's authorized capital stock consists of 400,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $.01 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $.01 per share.


COMMON STOCK

     The holders of New Pride common stock are entitled to one vote per share on
all matters to be voted on by stockholders generally, including the election of
directors.
There are no cumulative voting rights, meaning that the holders of a
majority of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all of the
directors standing for election.

     
New Pride common stock carries no preemptive or other subscription rights
to purchase shares of its stock and is not convertible, redeemable or assessable
or entitled to the benefits of any sinking fund.
Holders of New Pride common
stock will be entitled to dividends in the amounts and at the times declared by
its board of directors out of funds legally available for the payment of
dividends.

     
If New Pride is liquidated, dissolved or wound up, the holders of its
common stock will share pro rata in its assets after satisfaction of all of its
liabilities and the prior rights of any outstanding class of its preferred
stock.


PREFERRED STOCK

     New Pride's board of directors has the authority, without stockholder
approval, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix
the number of shares and terms of each series.
The board may determine the
designation and other terms of each series, including, among others:

     - dividend rights;

     - voting powers;

     - preemptive rights;

     - conversion rights;

     - redemption rights; and

     - liquidation preferences.

     
The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desired flexibility in
connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could
adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock.
It also could
affect the likelihood that holders of common stock will receive dividend
payments and payments upon liquidation.

     
For purposes of the rights plan described below, New Pride's board of
directors has designated 4,000,000 shares of preferred stock to constitute the
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
For a description of the rights
plan, see "-- Stockholder Rights Plan."

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS OF NEW PRIDE'S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

     New Pride's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that
could delay or make more difficult the acquisition of control of New Pride
through a hostile tender offer, open market purchases, proxy contest, merger or
other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in his or her best

interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the
market price of New Pride's common stock.

  
Authorized but Unissued Stock

     New Pride has 400,000,000 authorized shares of common stock and 50,000,000
authorized shares of preferred stock as compared with a total of 400,000
authorized shares of common stock and 70,000,000 shares of preferred stock of
Pride and Marine on a combined basis.
One of the consequences of New Pride's
authorized but unissued common stock and undesignated preferred stock may be to
enable New Pride's board of directors to make more difficult or to discourage an
attempt to obtain control of New Pride.
If, in the exercise of its fiduciary
obligations, New Pride's board of directors determined that a takeover proposal
was not in New Pride's best interest, the board could authorize the issuance of
those shares without stockholder approval.
The shares could be issued in one or
more transactions that might prevent or make the completion of the change of
control transaction more difficult or costly by:

     - diluting the voting or other rights of the proposed acquiror or insurgent
       stockholder group;

     - creating a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that
       might undertake to support the position of the incumbent board; or

     - effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude the takeover.

     
In this regard, New Pride's certificate of incorporation grants its board
of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of the
authorized and unissued preferred stock.
New Pride's board could establish one
or more series of preferred stock that entitle holders to:

     - vote separately as a class on any proposed merger or consolidation;

     - cast a proportionately larger vote together with the common stock on any
       transaction or for all purposes;

     - elect directors having terms of office or voting rights greater than
       those of other directors;

     - convert preferred stock into a greater number of shares of common stock
       or other securities;

     - demand redemption at a specified price under prescribed circumstances
       related to a change of control of New Pride; or

     - exercise other rights designed to impede a takeover.

  
Stockholder Action by Written Consent; Special Meetings of Stockholders

     New Pride's certificate of incorporation provides that no action that is
required or permitted to be taken by New Pride's stockholders at any annual or
special meeting may be taken by written consent of stockholders in lieu of a
meeting, and that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the
board of directors, the chairman of the board or the president.
These provisions
of the certificate of incorporation may only be amended or repealed by a vote of
80% of the voting power of New Pride's outstanding common stock.

  
Amendment of the Bylaws

     Under Delaware law, the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws is conferred
upon the stockholders.
A corporation may, however, in its certificate of
incorporation also confer upon the board of directors the power to adopt, amend
or repeal its bylaws.
New Pride's certificate of incorporation and bylaws grant
its board of directors the power to adopt, amend and repeal its bylaws at any
regular or special meeting of the board on the affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors then in office.
New Pride's stockholders may also adopt, amend or
repeal New Pride's bylaws by a vote of a majority of the voting power of New
Pride's outstanding voting stock.

  
Removal of Directors

     Directors may be removed with or without cause by a vote of a majority of
the voting power of New Pride's outstanding voting stock.
A vacancy on the board
of directors of New Pride may be filled by a vote of a majority of the directors
in office or by the stockholders, and a director elected to fill a vacancy
serves until the next annual meeting of stockholders.

  
Advance Notice Procedure for Director Nominations and Stockholder Proposals

     New Pride's bylaws provide that advance notice must be given to nominate
candidates for election as directors or to make proposals for consideration at
annual meetings of stockholders.
Notice of a stockholder's intent to nominate a
director or to make proposals must be delivered to or mailed and received at New
Pride's principal executive offices not later than 120 days prior to the
scheduled annual meeting date.
If that date is more than 30 days after the
anniversary date of the preceding year's annual meeting and if less than 100
days' prior notice or public disclosure of the scheduled meeting date is made,
the notice must be received not later than 10 days following the earlier of the
day on which notice of the meeting was mailed to stockholders or the day on
which the public disclosure was made.

     
These procedures may limit the ability of stockholders to bring business
before a stockholders meeting, including the nomination of directors and the
consideration of any transaction that could result in a change in control and
that may result in a premium to New Pride's stockholders.


STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

     New Pride has adopted a preferred share purchase rights plan that will be
effective upon completion of the reincorporation merger.
Under the plan, each
share of New Pride common stock will include one right to purchase preferred
stock.
The rights will separate from the common stock and become exercisable (1)
ten days after public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial
ownership of 15% of the outstanding common stock or (2) ten business days
following the start of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a
person's acquiring beneficial ownership of 15% of the outstanding common stock.

A 15% beneficial owner is referred to as an "acquiring person" under the plan.

     
New Pride's board of directors can elect to delay the separation of the
rights from the common stock beyond the ten-day periods referred to above.
The
plan also confers on the New Pride board the discretion to increase or decrease
the level of ownership that causes a person to become an acquiring person.
Until
the rights are separately distributed, the rights will be evidenced by the
common stock certificates and will be transferred with and only with the common
stock certificates.

     
After the rights are separately distributed, each right will entitle the
holder to purchase from New Pride one one-hundredth of a share of Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock for a purchase price of $     .
The rights
will expire at the close of business on September 30, 2011, unless New Pride
redeems or exchanges them earlier as described below.

     
If a person becomes an acquiring person, the rights will become rights to
purchase shares of New Pride's common stock for one-half the current market
price, as defined in the rights agreement, of the common stock.
This occurrence
is referred to as a "flip-in event" under the plan.
After any flip-in event, all
rights that are beneficially owned by an acquiring person, or by certain related
parties, will be null and void.
New Pride's board of directors has the power to
decide that a particular tender or exchange offer for all outstanding shares of
New Pride's common stock is fair to and otherwise in the best interests of its
stockholders.
If the board makes this determination, the purchase of shares
under the offer will not be a flip-in event.

     
If, after there is an acquiring person, New Pride is acquired in a merger
or other business combination transaction or 50% or more of New Pride's assets,
earning power or cash flow are sold or transferred, each holder of a right will
have the right to purchase shares of common stock of the acquiring company at a
price of one-half the current market price of that stock.
This occurrence is
referred to as a

"flip-over event" under the plan.
An acquiring person will not be entitled to
exercise its rights, which will have become void.

     
Until ten days after the announcement that a person has become an acquiring
person, New Pride's board of directors may decide to redeem the rights at a
price of $.01 per right, payable in cash, shares of common stock or other
consideration.
The rights will not be exercisable after a flip-in event until
the rights are no longer redeemable.

     
At any time after a flip-in event and prior to either a person's becoming
the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the shares of common stock or a flip-over
event, New Pride's board of directors may decide to exchange the rights for
shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis.
Rights owned by an acquiring
person, which will have become void, will not be exchanged.

     
Other than provisions relating to the redemption price of the rights, the
rights agreement may be amended by New Pride's board of directors at any time
that the rights are redeemable.
Thereafter, the provisions of the rights
agreement other than the redemption price may be amended by the board of
directors to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to make changes that
do not materially adversely affect the interests of holders of rights (excluding
the interests of any acquiring person), or to shorten or lengthen any time
period under the rights agreement.
No amendment to lengthen the time period for
redemption may be made if the rights are not redeemable at that time.

     
The rights have certain anti-takeover effects.
The rights will cause
substantial dilution to any person or group that attempts to acquire New Pride
without the approval of its board of directors.
As a result, the overall effect
of the rights may be to render more difficult or discourage any attempt to
acquire New Pride even if the acquisition may be favorable to the interests of
New Pride's stockholders.
Because the board of directors can redeem the rights
or approve a tender or exchange offer, the rights should not interfere with a
merger or other business combination approved by the board.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

     New Pride's directors will not be personally liable to New Pride or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
except, if required by Delaware law, for liability:

     - for any breach of the duty of loyalty to New Pride or its stockholders;

     - for acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

     - for unlawful payment of a dividend or unlawful stock purchases or
       redemptions; and

     - for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit.

     
As a result, neither New Pride nor its stockholders have the right, through
stockholders' derivative suits on behalf of New Pride, to recover monetary
damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including
breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior, except in the situations
described above.


DELAWARE ANTI-TAKEOVER LAW

     New Pride is a Delaware corporation and is subject to Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, which regulates corporate acquisitions.

Section 203 prevents an "interested stockholder," which is defined generally as
a person owning 15% or more of a corporation's voting stock, or any affiliate or
associate of that person, from engaging in a broad range of "business
combinations" with the corporation for three years after becoming an interested
stockholder unless:

     - the board of directors of the corporation had previously approved either
       the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the
       stockholder's becoming an interested stockholder;

     - upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder's
       becoming an interested stockholder, that person owned at least 85% of the
       voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction
       commenced, excluding shares owned by persons who are directors and also
       officers and shares owned in employee stock plans in which participants
       do not have the right to determine whether shares held subject to the
       plan will be tendered; or

     - following the transaction in which that person became an interested
       stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of
       directors of the corporation and holders of at least two-thirds of the
       outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.

     
Under Section 203, the restrictions described above also do not apply to
specific business combinations proposed by an interested stockholder following
the announcement or notification of designated extraordinary transactions
involving the corporation and a person who had not been an interested
stockholder during the previous three years or who became an interested
stockholder with the approval of a majority of the corporation's directors, if
such extraordinary transaction is approved or not opposed by a majority of the
directors who were directors prior to any person becoming an interested
stockholder during the previous three years or were recommended for election or
elected to succeed such directors by a majority of such directors.

     
Section 203 may make it more difficult for a person who would be an
interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a
corporation for a three-year period.


TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

     American Stock Transfer & Trust Company will be the transfer agent and
registrar for New Pride's common stock.

                      COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

     As a result of the mergers, Pride and Marine shareholders will become
holders of New Pride common stock.
New Pride is a Delaware corporation, Pride is
a Louisiana corporation and Marine is a Texas corporation.
The rights of Pride
shareholders are currently governed by the Pride articles of incorporation, the
Pride bylaws and the laws of Louisiana.
The rights of Marine shareholders are
currently governed by the Marine articles of incorporation, the Marine bylaws
and the laws of Texas.
Following the mergers, the rights of all former holders
of shares of Pride and Marine common stock will be governed by the New Pride
certificate of incorporation, the New Pride bylaws and the laws of Delaware.

     
The following is a summary explanation of some of the material differences
between the rights of holders of New Pride, Pride and Marine common stock.
These
differences arise in part from the differences between Delaware, Louisiana and
Texas law.
Additional differences arise from the differences between charter
documents of the three companies.
This summary is qualified by reference to the
charter documents of the three companies.
New Pride's charter documents are
attached as Annex D and E. For information on how to obtain a copy of the
charter documents of Pride and Marine, see "Where You Can Find More Information"
beginning on page 91.
In addition, the description of the differences between
Delaware, Louisiana and Texas law is a summary only, is not a complete
description of the differences between Delaware, Louisiana and Texas law and is
qualified by reference to Delaware, Louisiana and Texas law.

                               
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL

          NEW PRIDE                         PRIDE                           MARINE

450,000,000 shares, consisting  205,000,000 shares, consisting  220,000,000 shares, consisting
of 400,000,000 shares of        of 200,000,000 shares of        of 200,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01   common stock, no par value,     common stock, par value $0.01
per share, and 50,000,000       and 5,000,000 shares of         per share, and 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par  preferred stock, no par value.  
shares of preferred shares,
value $0.01 per share.
For a                                    par value $0.01 per share.
further description of the
authorized capital stock of
New Pride, see "Description of
Capital Stock of New Pride.
"
Shares of preferred stock may   Similar "blank check"           Similar "blank check"
be issued from time to time in  preferred stock provisions to   preferred stock provisions to
one or more series by the       New Pride.                      
New Pride.

board of directors.
The board
can fix the preferences,
limitations and relative
rights of the shares of the
preferred and common stock.

           NUMBER OF DIRECTORS; CLASSIFIED BOARD; REMOVAL; VACANCIES;
                 CUMULATIVE VOTING IN THE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

          NEW PRIDE                         PRIDE                           MARINE

Number of                       Number of Directors.  
Seven     Number of Directors.  
Seven
Directors.  
Initially, eight    directors; the number can be    directors; the number can be
directors; the number can be    changed by a two-thirds vote    changed by amendment of the
changed by the board, but no    of the board.                   
by-laws.

director's term may be
shortened by a reduction in
the size of the board.

Classified Board.  
No.          Classified Board.  
Yes.         Classified Board.  
No.
                                Approximately one-third of the
                                directors are elected each
                                year to staggered three year
                                terms.

Removal.  
Directors may be re-  Removal.  
Directors may only    Removal.  
Directors may be re-
moved with or without cause by  be removed for cause and by a   moved with or without cause by
a majority of the voting power  vote of 80% of the voting       a majority of the voting power
of New Pride's outstanding      power of the shareholders.      of the shareholders.

common stock.

Vacancies.  
Vacancies on the    Vacancies.  
The remaining       Vacancies.  
The remaining
board may be filled by the re-  directors may fill vacancies    directors may fill vacancies
maining directors, even if      on the board by a two-thirds    on the board, even if such
such remaining directors        vote, even if such remaining    remaining directors constitute
constitute less than a quorum,  directors constitute less than  less than a quorum, or they
or by the stockholders.         
a quorum, or they may be        may be filled at a special
                                filled at a special meeting of  meeting of shareholders.
                                shareholders called for that
                                purpose prior to such action
                                by the board.

Cumulative Voting.  