URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/717238/000091205701519054/0000912057-01-519054.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUISITION

    
During the third quarter of 2000, Frank Perna, Jr., the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, while developing relationships with value
added resellers, or VARs, to possibly sell some of the Company's products,
identified AES as a possible partner for the Company.
AES was identified as a
leading VAR and a possible partner for the Company in providing services to the
Company's customers.

    
Early in the fourth quarter of 2000, Mr. Perna met with Mr. Nader
Khoshniyati, the Chief Executive Officer of AES, to discuss possible working
relationships between the Company and AES.
In December of 2000, Mr. Perna and
Mr. Khoshniyati met to discuss the possible acquisition of AES.

    
On January 5, 2001, the Company and AES executed a Confidentiality
Agreement.
During January 2001, representatives of the Company and AES had
several discussions and meetings regarding a possible acquisition of AES, the
valuation of AES and the possible forms of consideration to be used in the
acquisition.

    
In February 2001, Mr. Perna met with representatives of Dassault Systemes in
France and discussed the possible acquisition of AES by the Company.
During
February and early March 2001, representatives of the Company conducted due
diligence with respect to AES.

    
At the regular meeting of the Board on March 8, 2001, management of the
Company discussed with the directors of the Company business and financial
information regarding AES and the possible terms of a transaction.
The Board
authorized management to continue discussions with AES and DSA.

    
On March 15, 2001, the Company sent to AES an initial draft of a non-binding
letter of intent outlining the general terms of a possible acquisition of AES by
the Company.
During the remainder of March and until April 20, 2001,
representatives of the Company, AES and DSA negotiated the terms of the
non-binding letter of intent.
On April 20, 2001, the Company, AES and DSA
executed a non-binding letter of intent outlining the general terms and
conditions of a possible acquisition of AES.

    
On April 20, 2001, the Company provided drafts of the Merger Agreement,
Stock Purchase Agreement and related documents to AES, DSA and the directors of
the Company.

    
On April 23, 2001, representatives of the Company and AES met to discuss the
drafts of the Merger Agreement, Stock Purchase Agreement and related documents.

Later that same day, representatives of the Company and DSA had a conference
call regarding the drafts of the Merger Agreement, Stock Purchase Agreement and
related documents.

    
A special meeting of the Board was held on April 24, 2001 for the purpose of
considering the proposed acquisition of AES.
Management of the Company made
presentations to the Board regarding the status of the negotiations with AES and
DSA (including the open business issues) and the financial information regarding
AES and the Company.
A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. made presentations regarding AES
and the Company and valuations of AES using different valuation techniques.

A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. informed the Board that it would be able to render an
opinion that the acquisition of AES was fair to the stockholders of the Company
from a financial point of view once it reviewed the final drafts of the Merger
Agreement and the Stock Purchase Agreement.
The Board then approved the Merger
Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreement and authorized the execution

and delivery of those agreements, subject to receipt of the written opinion from
A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.

    Between April 24, 2001 and May 2, 2001, the terms of the Merger Agreement,
Stock Purchase Agreement and related documents were finalized.
On May 2, 2001,
A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. delivered an update to its written analysis and its
written opinion, and the Merger Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreement were
executed and delivered by all parties.

REASONS FOR THE ACQUISITION

    
We believe combining the Company and AES has the potential to realize
improved operating and financial performance as compared to the two entities
operating independently.
The combined entity will have pro forma combined
revenue of approximately $276 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
We
believe the addition of AES will:

    - provide potential for significant revenue synergies within the Company's
      and AES' existing customer bases;

    - provide greater growth opportunities for the Company;

    - diversify the Company's product offerings into systems, thereby offering
      the Company's customers a more complete solution;

    - add additional quality managers to the ranks of the Company; and

    - create a larger firm with greater market capitalization, thus providing
      added scale and greater resources to compete more effectively in the
      marketplace.

    
For these reasons, our Board believes that the acquisition of AES and the
related share issuances are in the best interest of our company and our
stockholders.
In reaching its conclusions, our Board considered:

    - the judgment, advice and analyses of our management with respect to the
      strategic, financial and potential operational benefits of the acquisition
      of AES, based in part on the business, financial and legal due diligence
      investigations performed on AES;

    - management's belief that the long-term trend in the computer software and
      services industry remains positive, despite the recent volatility in the
      industry;

    - the accretive effect of the acquisition of AES on the Company's pro forma
      combined earnings per share;

    - the reputation of AES and the reputation and experience of its management
      team;

    - unquantified cross-selling opportunities and operating efficiencies that
      may result from the acquisition of AES;

    - the advice of, and financial analyses prepared by, A.G. Edwards &
      Sons, Inc., see "--Opinion of Financial Advisor" on pages 44 to 51;

    - the corporate governance aspects of the acquisition of AES, including that
      the Company's directors would constitute all of the Board and that our
      existing management would maintain primary management responsibility of
      our company after the acquisition of AES; and

    - the number of our common shares to be issued to the AES stockholders in
      the acquisition of AES and our stockholders' resulting percentage
      ownership of the combined enterprise.

    
In addition to anticipated advantages, our Board considered the following
challenges:

    - the recent volatility of the equity markets and the related impact on the
      computer software and services industry;

    - the potential for a U.S. economic slowdown to negatively impact the growth
      of both AES and the Company; and

    - the dependence of AES on certain software products.

    
This discussion of the information and factors considered by our Board is
not exhaustive.
Because it considered so many factors in evaluating the
acquisition of AES, our Board did not find it practicable to, and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to, specific factors it
considered.
In addition, individual members of our Board may have given
different weight to different factors.


OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    A.G. Edwards has provided to the Board an opinion as to the fairness from a
financial point of view to the Company's stockholders of the acquisition of AES
to be effected pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the Stock Purchase Agreement
("Opinion").
A.G. Edwards was selected by the Board to provide the A.G. Edwards
Opinion based on A.G. Edwards' qualifications, expertise and reputation.
At the
meeting of the Board on April 24, 2001, A.G. Edwards presented its oral and
written analyses of the proposed acquisition to the Board.
On May 2, 2001, A.G.
Edwards presented to the Board an update of its written analyses and delivered a
written opinion that, as of May 2, 2001, based upon and subject to the various
considerations set forth in the opinion, the acquisition of AES was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the Company stockholders.

    
THE FULL TEXT OF THE A.G. EDWARDS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND
LIMITATIONS OF THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY A.G. EDWARDS IN RENDERING
SUCH OPINION, IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX D TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND IS
INCORPORATED HEREIN
BY REFERENCE.
THE A.G. EDWARDS OPINION WAS DIRECTED TO THE
BOARD AND ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS OF THE ACQUISITION OF AES FROM A FINANCIAL
POINT OF VIEW AS OF THE DATE OF THE A.G. EDWARDS OPINION, AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW TO
VOTE AT THE MEETING.
THE SUMMARY OF THE A.G. EDWARDS OPINION SET FORTH IN THIS
PROXY STATEMENT IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF
SUCH OPINION.

    
In arriving at the A.G. Edwards Opinion, A.G. Edwards, among other things:

    - reviewed the draft Merger Agreement dated May 2, 2001 and the draft Stock
      Purchase Agreement dated May 2, 2001, and held discussions with Company
      management concerning the proposed structure;

    - held discussions with the managements of the Company and AES,
      respectively, regarding the past and current business operations,
      financial condition and future prospects of the companies, as well as
      information relating to the industries of the businesses;

    - reviewed historical and interim financial statements for the Company and
      AES and certain financial analyses and forecasts for the Company and AES
      and the combined company prepared by Company management and reviewed by
      the management of AES;

    - reviewed certain publicly-available historical audited financial
      statements and certain unaudited financial statements for the Company;

    - reviewed audited AES financial statements for the years ended
      December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and certain unaudited financial
      information;

    - reviewed the publicly reported historical price and trading activity for
      the Company's common stock, including a comparison of certain financial
      and stock market information for the Company, with similar
      publicly-available information for certain other publicly traded
      securities and composites thereof;

    - reviewed the market data for stocks of companies in the same or similar
      lines of business as the Company and AES, respectively;

    - reviewed the financial terms of certain acquisitions which A.G. Edwards
      deemed relevant for analytical purposes;

    - analyzed the pro forma financial statements of the Company giving effect
      to the proposed acquisition and certain synergies as estimated by
      management of the Company;

    - reviewed a range of valuations of AES based on discounted present values
      of its projected cash flows; and

    - completed such other studies and analyses that A.G. Edwards considered
      appropriate.

    
A.G. Edwards did not assume any responsibility for independent verification
of any of the foregoing information and relied upon its being complete and
accurate in all material respects.
A.G. Edwards assumed that the financial
projections and estimates of the financial, strategic and operational benefits
anticipated from the proposed acquisition were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best then currently available estimates and judgments of the
Company's and AES' managements as to the expected future financial performance
of the Company and AES, in each case, on a stand-alone basis and after giving
effect to the proposed acquisition.
A.G. Edwards has not independently verified
such information or assumptions nor does it express any opinion with respect
thereto.
A.G. Edwards did not perform an audit or make any independent valuation
or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of the
Company or AES, nor was A.G. Edwards furnished with any such appraisals.
In
addition, Company management informed A.G. Edwards, and A.G. Edwards assumed,
that the proposed acquisition will be accounted for as a purchase business
combination in accordance with generally accepted accounted principles in the
United States and will be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in
the Merger Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreement without any waiver of any
material terms or conditions.

    
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
A.G. Edwards in arriving at the A.G. Edwards Opinion, which were discussed with
the Board at its meeting on April 24, 2001 and updated on May 2, 2001.
Some of
the summaries of those financial analyses include information presented in
tabular format.
In order to understand fully the material financial analyses
used by A.G. Edwards, the tables should be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
material financial analyses.

    
HISTORICAL STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE

    A.G. Edwards reviewed the recent historical performance of the Company's
common stock and selected valuation multiples over time.
A.G. Edwards observed
that the Company's stock price increased 118.6% from January 1, 1999 to May 1,
2001 compared to the Nasdaq Composite, Small Company Composite (selected
comparable companies with a market capitalization less than $500 million,
including ANSYS, Inc., Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., Moldflow Corp. and Structural
Dynamics Research Corp.) and Large Company Composite (selected comparable
companies with a market capitalization greater than $500 million, including
Autodesk, Inc., Dassault Systemes S.A., Parametric Technology Corp. and
Unigraphics Solutions, Inc.) that decreased 1.3%, 1.9% and 3.9%, respectively,
during the same period.
A.G. Edwards observed that the Company's enterprise
value (equity market capitalization of common shares plus the book value of debt
and/or preferred stock less cash) to last twelve months ("LTM") earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

expenses ("EBITDA") and the Company's common stock price to LTM earnings per
share ("EPS") have traded consistently lower than the composite of comparable
public companies since January 2000.
A.G. Edwards observed that the Company's
stock price in the 52-week period prior to May 1, 2001 ranged from $6.50 to
$15.87, and at the market close on May 1, 2001 was $15.30, or 96.4% of the
Company's 52-week high.
A.G. Edwards observed that the Company's projected
long-term growth rate, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Services, was 15%
compared to mean projected long-term growth rates of the Small Company Composite
and Large Company Composite of 21.6% and 18.7%, respectively.

    
PUBLIC COMPANY TRADING ANALYSIS

    A.G. Edwards compared certain financial information of the Company and AES
with that of the comparable companies listed below.
Based on lines of business
and financial profile, the comparable companies were deemed to be reasonably
similar to the Company and AES by A.G. Edwards.

    
The Company's comparable companies, aggregated into two groups based on
market capitalization, included:

    Comparable companies with market capitalization less than $500 million
("Small Companies"):

    - ANSYS, Incorporated

    - Mechanical Dynamics, Incorporated

    - Moldflow Corporation

    - Structural Dynamics Research Corporation

    Comparable companies with market capitalization greater than $500 million
("Large Companies"):

    - Autodesk, Incorporated

    - Dassault Systemes S.A.

    - Parametric Technology Corporation

    - Unigraphics Solutions, Incorporated

    The financial information reviewed by A.G. Edwards included, among other
things, each company's stock price as a multiple of LTM EPS and current fiscal
year ("CFY") and next fiscal year ("NFY") securities research consensus EPS
estimates (as reported by I/B/E/S, an organization that compiles institutional
analyst estimates) and each company's enterprise value as a multiple of LTM
sales, I/B/E/S CFY and NFY securities research consensus sales estimates, LTM
EBITDA and LTM earnings before interest and taxes expense ("EBIT").

A.G. Edwards compared these multiples for the

comparable companies to the Company's multiples.
The following summarizes the
results of this analysis.

                     
COMPARABLE COMPANY VALUATION MULTIPLES

                                 MULTIPLE     SMALL COMPANIES   LARGE COMPANIES   OVERALL COMBINED GROUP
                                THE COMPANY   MEDIAN (RANGE)    MEDIAN (RANGE)            MEDIAN
                                -----------   ---------------   ---------------   ----------------------

LTM Sales.....................      1.5x           1.3x              2.5x                   1.8x
                                               (0.9x-2.0x)        (1.6x-8.9x  )
CFY Sales.....................      1.2x           0.8x              2.3x                   1.5x
                                               (0.8x-0.9x)        (1.4x-8.4x  )
NFY Sales.....................      1.0x           0.6x              4.8x                   2.6x
                                               (0.6x-0.6x)        (2.6x-7.0x  )
LTM EBITDA....................      
6.8x           9.8x              8.1x                   9.6x
                                               (6.1x-10.0x)      (7.5x-30.4x  )
LTM EBIT......................     
11.4x          15.7x             11.6x                  14.5x
                                               (7.5x-19.6x)      (10.7x-25.6x )
LTM EPS.......................     20.1x          17.0x             19.5x                  18.2x
                                              (13.6x-28.1x)      (16.8x-44.3x )
CFY EPS.......................     
14.3x          21.0x             24.0x                  21.0x
                                              (12.5x-24.1x)      (9.8x-41.6x  )
NFY EPS.......................     11.9x          15.8x             22.2x                  17.4x
                                              (15.1x-19.1x)      (13.4x-35.3x )

    A.G. Edwards observed that the Company's LTM EPS, LTM Sales, CFY Sales and
NFY Sales multiples were greater than the median of the small companies.

Consistent with the Company's stock price performance analysis above, A.G.
Edwards observed that the Company's CFY EPS, NFY EPS, LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT
multiples were less than the median multiples of the comparable companies.
A.G.
Edwards observed that the Company's projected long-term growth rate, as reported
by Bloomberg Financial Services, was 15% compared to mean projected long-term
growth rates of the Small Company Composite and Large Company Composite of 21.6%
and 18.7%, respectively.
A.G. Edwards concluded that the Company's stock price
appears to be trading appropriately compared to historical performance and
comparable companies.

    
The AES comparable companies included:

    - Avnet, Inc.

    - CompuCom Systems, Inc.

    - Pomeroy Computer Resources, Inc.

    - Rand A Technologies Corp.

    - RWD Technologies, Inc.

    - ScanSource, Inc.

    - Tech Data Corp.

    
The financial information reviewed by A.G. Edwards with respect to the AES
comparable companies included, among other things, each company's closing stock
price as of May 1, 2001 as a multiple of the LTM EPS and I/B/E/S CFY and NFY
mean consensus EPS estimates and each company's enterprise value as of May 1,
2001 as a multiple of LTM sales, LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT.
Means and medians of
these multiples were calculated for the two separate groups and the overall
combined group.
Similar multiples were calculated for AES based on implied
transaction values at assumed Company stock prices of $10, $12 and $14 per
share.
These implied multiples were compared to the multiples of the comparable
companies.
The following table summarizes the results of this analysis.

             
IMPLIED AES AND COMPARABLE COMPANY VALUATION MULTIPLES

                                        AES IMPLIED   AES IMPLIED   AES IMPLIED   COMPARABLE COMPANIES
                                         MULTIPLES     MULTIPLES     MULTIPLES       MEDIAN (RANGE)
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------   --------------------

Company Stock Price...................     $   10        $   12        $   14
                                                                                         0.2x
LTM Sales Multiple....................       0.8x          0.9x          1.1x        (0.1x-0.6x)
                                                                                         5.9x
LTM EBITDA Multiple...................       
7.9x          9.1x         10.3x        (2.1x-10.1x)
2001E EBITDA Multiple                        4.3x          5.0x          5.6x             NA
                                                                                         6.9x
LTM EBIT Multiple.....................       8.1x          
9.3x         10.5x        (4.0x-11.5x)
2001E EBIT Multiple                          4.4x          5.0x          5.6x             NA
                                                                                        10.9x
LTM EPS Multiple......................     
14.4x*        16.2x*        18.1x*        (5.8x-18.5x)
                                                                                         9.9x
CFY EPS Multiple......................       
8.3x          9.3x         10.3x        (5.0x-20.0x)
                                                                                        10.1x
NFY EPS Multiple......................       
5.2x          5.9x          6.6x        (3.9x-15.9x)

- ------------------------

*   Based on fiscal year end 2000 net income.

    
A.G. Edwards observed that the implied multiple of AES' LTM EPS, LTM sales,
LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT were greater than the median for the comparable
companies.
A.G. Edwards observed that the implied multiple of AES' CFY EPS, NFY
EPS, 2001E EBITDA and 2001E EBIT were less than the corresponding medians for
the comparable companies.

    
ANALYSIS OF SELECTED PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS

    A.G. Edwards compared publicly-available financial statistics regarding 28
completed transactions since December 1996 involving the acquisition of system
integrators, hardware distributors and corporate resellers.
Transaction
multiples used included the implied aggregate transaction value (the value paid
for the relevant target company's equity on a fully diluted basis plus total
debt less cash and cash equivalents) as a multiple of LTM sales, LTM EBIT, and
LTM EBITDA and the implied equity value as a multiple of LTM EPS.
A.G. Edwards
observed that the Company's average closing stock prices for 10, 30, 60 and 120
calendar days prior to May 2, 2001, were $14.32, $12.11, $10.97 and $10.22,
respectively.
Therefore, similar multiples were calculated for AES based on
implied transaction values at assumed Company stock prices of $10, $12 and $14
per share.
These implied multiples were

compared to the multiples of the precedent transactions.
The following table
summarizes the results of this analysis.

                   
PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS VALUATION MULTIPLES

                                        AES IMPLIED   AES IMPLIED   AES IMPLIED   PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS
                                         MULTIPLES     MULTIPLES     MULTIPLES        MEDIAN (RANGE)
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------   ----------------------

Company Stock Price...................     $   10        $   12        $   14
                                                                                          0.8x
LTM Sales Multiple....................       
0.8x          0.9x          1.1x          (0.1x-5.0x)
                                                                                          9.0x
LTM EBITDA Multiple...................       
7.9x          9.1x         10.3x         (1.3x-44.4x)
2001E EBITDA Multiple                        4.3x          5.0x          5.6x              NA
                                                                                          10.7x
LTM EBIT Multiple.....................       8.1x          
9.3x         10.5x         (1.5x-38.9x)
2001E EBIT Multiple                          4.4x          5.0x          5.6x              NA
                                                                                          22.1x
LTM EPS Multiple......................      14.4x*        16.2x*        18.1x*        (4.1x-68.52x)
CFY EPS Multiple......................       
8.3x          9.3x         10.3x              NA
NFY EPS Multiple......................       
5.2x          5.9x          6.6x              NA

- ------------------------

*   Based on fiscal year end 2000 net income.

    
A.G. Edwards observed that all of the implied multiples relative to the
selected range of Company stock prices for the proposed acquisition, with the
exception of sales and EBITDA multiples, were less than the medians of the
corresponding multiples paid in the precedent transactions identified.
The 2001E
EBITDA multiples implied in the acquisition are less than the median LTM EBITDA
multiples identified in the precedent transactions analysis.

    
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS

    A.G. Edwards performed an analysis of the present value of the Company's
projected tax-adjusted operating cash flows, on a stand-alone basis, using
discount rates reflecting the weighted average cost of capital of between 14%
and 22% and terminal EBITDA multiples of 6.0x to 10.0x.
Based on this analysis,
using this range of discount rates and terminal multiples, A.G. Edwards observed
that the proposed transaction value was significantly less than the implied
enterprise value for the range examined.

    
PRO FORMA ACQUISITION ANALYSIS

    A.G. Edwards analyzed the pro forma impact of the proposed acquisition on
the Company's estimated 2001 basic EPS and projected 2002 basic EPS.
The
analysis was completed without the inclusion of any cost or operating synergies
that may arise as a result of the proposed acquisition.
Due to the proposed
revisions from the Financial Accounting Standards Board regarding goodwill
accounting and business combinations, the pro forma impact was analyzed with and
without the

amortization of goodwill based on a variety of implied transaction values at
assumed Company stock prices of $10, $12 and $14 per share.
The following table
summarizes the results of this analysis.

                         
BASIC EPS ACCRETION/(DILUTION)

                                               STOCK PRICE   STOCK PRICE   STOCK PRICE
                                                   $10           $12           $14
                                               -----------   -----------   -----------

With Amortization of Goodwill
  Fiscal Year End 2001E:.....................     (4.6%)        (7.3%)        (10.1%)
  Fiscal Year End 2002P:.....................     (0.8%)        (3.8%)         (6.9%)
Without Amortization of Goodwill
  Fiscal Year End 2001E:.....................     (0.3%)        (1.2%)         (2.0%)
  Fiscal Year End 2002P:.....................      3.3%          2.3%           1.2%

    A.G. Edwards observed that with amortization of goodwill and without
considering any cost or operating synergies, the proposed acquisition is
dilutive to estimated 2001 basic EPS and projected 2002 basic EPS.
A.G. Edwards
observed that without amortization of goodwill and without considering any cost
or operating synergies, the proposed acquisition is slightly dilutive to
estimated 2001 basic EPS and accretive to projected 2002 basic EPS.

    OTHER CONSIDERATIONS

    In the course of preparing its opinion, A.G. Edwards considered other
information and data as well as certain qualitative factors.
These factors
included, but were not limited to, the fact that the proposed acquisition is
expected to increase the Company's market capitalization and, over time,
increase the Company's public float, to accelerate the Company's growth
potential, to create the potential for significant revenue synergies with the
Company's and AES' respective existing customer bases and to diversify the
Company's product offerings into systems, thereby offering the Company's
customers a more complete solution.

    
The foregoing summary does not purport to be a complete description of all
the analyses performed by A.G. Edwards in arriving at its opinion.
The
preparation of an A.G. Edwards Opinion is a complex process and is not
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
In rendering the A.G.
Edwards Opinion, A.G. Edwards applied its judgment to a variety of complex
analyses and assumptions, considered the results of all of its analyses as a
whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor
considered by it.
Furthermore, selecting any portion of its analyses, without
considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying the A.G. Edwards Opinion.
In performing its analyses, A.G. Edwards
made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business
and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control
of the Company or AES.
The assumptions made and judgments applied by A.G.
Edwards in rendering its opinion are not readily susceptible to description
beyond that set forth in the written text of the A.G. Edwards Opinion itself.
No
company, transaction or business used in such analyses as a comparison is
identical to the Company or AES or the proposed acquisition, nor is an
evaluation of the results of such analyses entirely mathematical; rather, such
analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and
operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition,
public trading or other values of the companies, business segments or
acquisition being analyzed.
Any estimates contained herein are not necessarily
indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates.
A.G. Edwards does not
assume responsibility if future results are different from those projected.
The
analyses performed were prepared solely as part of A.G. Edwards' analysis of the
fairness of the acquisition of AES, from a financial point of view, to the
Company stockholders and were conducted in connection with the delivery of the
A.G. Edwards Opinion.
The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which the Company and AES might actually be sold.

    
A.G. Edwards, as part of its investment banking business, is regularly
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
A.G. Edwards is not
aware of any present or contemplated relationship between A.G. Edwards, the
Company, the Company's directors and officers or its stockholders, or AES, AES'
directors and officers or its stockholders, which in its opinion would affect
its ability to render a fair and independent opinion in this matter.

    
For its services in connection with the proposed acquisition, A.G. Edwards
received from the Company a fee of $500,000, of which $300,000 was payable upon
the delivery of A.G. Edwards Opinion and the remaining $200,000 is due upon
closing the proposed acquisition.
The Company has agreed to reimburse A.G.
Edwards for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify A.G. Edwards
and its affiliates, their respective directors, officers, agents and employees
and each person, if any, controlling A.G. Edwards or any of its affiliates
against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under
the federal securities laws, related to A.G. Edwards' engagement.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    The acquisition of AES will be accounted for by the Company under the
"purchase" method of accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
Therefore, the aggregate consideration paid by the Company in the
acquisition of AES, together with the direct costs of acquisition, will be
allocated to the assets and liabilities of AES based on their fair market
values, with any excess being treated as goodwill.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION

    Holders of Company common stock will not recognize any gain or loss for
United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the acquisition of AES.

    
None of the Company, AES, or AES Acquisition Corp. will recognize gain or
loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the
acquisition of AES.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

    Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, the Antitrust
Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
must review transactions such as the acquisition of AES.
The federal agencies
conducting these reviews determine whether the acquisition of AES complies with
antitrust laws.
The Hart-Scott-Rodino Act requires both companies to notify
these federal agencies of the acquisition of AES.
The required waiting period
must expire or terminate before the acquisition of AES can be completed.
Both
companies filed the notification reports with the Antitrust Division and the
Federal Trade Commission on May 22, 2001.

    
At any time before or after the acquisition of AES closes, the Antitrust
Division, the Federal Trade Commission, state antitrust authorities or a private
person could seek to enjoin the acquisition of AES or cause either of the
companies to divest certain assets.
The Merger Agreement conditions the
acquisition of AES on the receipt of all required governmental consents and
approvals, including expiration or termination of the waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act.

    
Other than the approval described above, we are not aware of any other
significant government or regulatory approval we need to complete the
acquisition of AES.
If we discover any other approvals are required, we will
seek to obtain them.


FEDERAL SECURITIES LAW CONSEQUENCES

    Our common shares to be issued in the acquisition of AES are being offered
in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933 and various state securities laws.
The shares to be issued to the
former AES shareholders in the acquisition of AES will be "restricted
securities" under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, and may
be resold only in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 144.


NO DISSENTERS' OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    Under Delaware law, Company stockholders will not have any appraisal rights
or dissenters' rights with respect to their shares.

                         
COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE DATA

    
Our common stock trades on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
"MNS".
No market value information is available for AES securities because there
is no public market for them.

    
The table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the
reported high and low sale prices of Company common stock as reported on The New
York Stock Exchange.

                                                                  
COMPANY COMMON
                                                                 STOCK SALE PRICE
                                                              ----------------------
                                                                HIGH          LOW
                                                              --------      
--------

First Quarter 1999..........................................   $ 7.63        $5.06
Second Quarter 1999.........................................     6.13         5.19
Third Quarter 1999..........................................     7.25         4.88
Fourth Quarter 1999.........................................    10.31         6.25
First Quarter 2000..........................................    14.25         7.50
Second Quarter 2000.........................................    11.75         8.31
Third Quarter 2000..........................................    12.20         9.00
Fourth Quarter 2000.........................................    10.75         6.50
First Quarter 2001..........................................    10.57         7.74
Second Quarter 2001 (through May 25, 2001)..................    19.31         9.68

    On May 2, 2001, the last full trading day before the public announcement of
the signing of the Merger Agreement, the closing sales price of our common stock
was $15.11.
On May 25, 2001, the most recent practicable date that we could
obtain information prior to the date of this document, the closing sale price of
our common stock was $19.31.
We urge you to obtain current market quotations
before making any decision with respect to the acquisition of AES.
At
            , 2001, there were about   record holders of our common stock.

    
After the acquisition of AES, the Company intends to retain earnings for use
in its business and does not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable
future.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    THIS DISCUSSION SUMMARIZES THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT
AND THE STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT.
A COPY OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS INCLUDED IN
THIS DOCUMENT AS APPENDIX B AND A COPY OF THE STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT IS
INCLUDED IN THIS DOCUMENT AS APPENDIX C.
THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED BY REFERENCE
TO THE FULL AGREEMENTS, WHICH YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ.


CLOSING OF THE ACQUISITION

    The Merger Agreement calls for the acquisition of AES to be completed when a
certificate of merger is filed in Delaware.
If our stockholders approve the
issuance of our shares as part of the acquisition consideration, and all other
conditions are satisfied or waived, the acquisition of AES should be completed
not later than two business days after our annual meeting.


MANNER AND BASIS OF CONVERTING SECURITIES

    NO CONVERSION OF OUR COMMON STOCK.  
Nothing will happen to your Company
stock as a result of the acquisition of AES.
They will not be converted, and you
will not need to surrender them for any exchange.
After the acquisition of AES,
your certificates will represent the same number of shares of common stock as
they represented before the acquisition of AES.
However, because the number of
shares of our outstanding common stock will increase by approximately 42% if the
acquisition of AES is completed, the percentage ownership of the Company now
represented by your Company shares will be correspondingly reduced.

    
PURCHASE AND CONVERSION OF AES COMMON STOCK.  
Pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the acquisition of AES,
the Company will purchase 209 shares of AES common stock held by DSA in exchange
for up to approximately 1,762,226 restricted shares of Company common stock,
subject to certain downward adjustments.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at
the effective time of the acquisition of AES the outstanding common stock of AES
(other than the shares held by DSA and purchased pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement) will be converted into the right to receive $20,000,000 in cash,
promissory notes of the Company in the aggregate principal amount of up to
$20,000,000, subject to certain downward adjustments, and up to approximately
3,511,774 shares of Company common stock.
The downward adjustments will be based
on the shortfall in the net worth of AES below $19,000,000 as reported in the
quarterly financial statements of AES for the most recent quarter prior to the
effective date of the acquisition of AES and will be shared by the stockholders
pro rata.

    
We will not issue any fractional shares in connection with the acquisition
of AES.
Instead, an AES stockholder will receive an amount in cash equal to the
product of the fractional share multiplied by the average closing price of
Company common stock for the ten trading days immediately preceding the last
full trading day prior to the effective time of the acquisition of AES.


TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
In the Merger Agreement, the parties have
each made various customary representations and warranties as to, among other
things:

    - their incorporation, existence, good standing, corporate power and similar
      corporate matters;

    - their capitalization;

    - their authorization, execution, delivery and performance and the
      enforceability of the Merger Agreement and related matters, and the
      absence of violations;

    - their documents, reports and financial statements and the accuracy and
      completeness of the information contained therein;

    - the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    - the absence of material changes since December 31, 2000;

    - litigation; and

    - tax matters.

    
In addition, the Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of
AES relating to, among other things, title to property, intellectual property,
compliance with laws, material contracts, employee benefit matters and
environmental matters.

    CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.  
The obligations of the parties to complete the
acquisition of AES are subject to satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions
on or before the closing.
These include:

    - approval by our stockholders;

    - compliance with the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
      Improvements Act; and

    - the absence of any governmental law or order preventing or making illegal
      the acquisition of AES.

    
The obligation of AES to complete the transaction is also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the
      Company;

    - compliance by the Company with the terms of the Merger Agreement;

    - receipt of all consents and approvals required to be obtained by the
      Company;

    - the absence of any material adverse change in the Company; and

    - receipt of an opinion from counsel to the Company.

    
The obligation of the Company to complete the acquisition of AES is also
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of AES;

    - compliance by AES with the terms of the Merger Agreement;

    - receipt of consents and approvals required to be obtained by AES;

    - the absence of any material adverse change in AES;

    - execution of non-compete agreements by certain stockholders of AES; and

    - receipt of opinions of counsel to AES and DSA.

    
COMPANY OBLIGATIONS PENDING CLOSING.  
The Merger Agreement imposes
obligations and restrictions on the Company pending the closing of the
transaction.
The affirmative obligations include conducting business in the
ordinary course and refraining from taking any action that could cause the
Merger to be considered ineligible for a tax-free reorganization.

    
AES OBLIGATIONS PENDING CLOSING.  
The Merger Agreement imposes obligations
and restrictions on AES pending the transaction.
The affirmative obligations
include conducting the business in the ordinary course, complying in all
material respects with applicable laws, paying debts and taxes and performing
material obligations as they become due, using commercially reasonable practices
to

preserve the business intact, keeping available the services of its officers and
employees, and maintaining the relationships with persons with which AES does
business.
The agreement prohibits or restricts AES from taking any of the
following actions without the consent of the Company:

    - Changing or granting stock options;

    - Granting severance or termination pay to officers or employees;

    - Transferring its intellectual property;

    - Declaring dividends or distributions;

    - Purchasing or acquiring its stock;

    - Amending its charter documents;

    - Acquiring or merging with another business;

    - Incurring debt;

    - Amending or adopting any stock or benefit plan;

    - Making certain payments or entering into agreements other than in the
      ordinary course;

    - Revaluing its assets; and

    - Engaging in any action that could cause the Merger to be ineligible for a
      tax-free reorganization.

    
STOCKHOLDERS MEETING.  
The Company has agreed to call a meeting of
stockholders as soon as practicable after the signing of the Merger Agreement
for the purpose of approving the issuance of Company common stock in connection
with the acquisition of AES.

    CONFIDENTIALITY.  
The Company and AES have agreed to permit access by each
other's accountants, counsel and other representatives during normal business
hours and in a manner so as to minimize the interference with business
operations to its properties, books, records and personnel.

    
NO SOLICITATION.  
AES and its agents and affiliates have agreed not to
solicit, initiate, encourage or induce the making, submission or announcement of
any acquisition of voting securities of AES, any tender offer related to AES
securities, any acquisition or disposition of any material portion of the assets
of AES, or any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or other significant
corporate reorganization of AES.
They have also agreed not to take certain
actions relating to any proposal regarding any acquisition or purchase from AES
by any person of AES voting securities or any offer relating to AES voting
securities that could result in the person owning 5% or more of the total
outstanding voting securities of AES, any proposal relating to any merger,
consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving AES, any
sale, certain lease transactions, exchange, transfer, certain licenses,
acquisition or disposition of any material portion of the assets of AES or any
liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or other significant corporate
reorganization of AES.
Specifically, AES and its agents and affiliates have
agreed that they will not:

    - participate in any discussions or negotiations, or furnish to any person
      any information with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate
      any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
      reasonably be expected to lead to, a proposal for a transaction described
      above;

    - engage in discussions with any person with respect to any proposal for a
      transaction described above;

    - approve, endorse or recommend any proposal for a transaction described
      above; or

    - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
      agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any
      transaction described above.

    
AES has also agreed that as promptly as practicable, and in any event within
24 hours, it will advise the Company orally and in writing of any request for
information which AES reasonably believes would lead to a proposal or of any
proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which AES reasonably should believe
would lead to such a proposal, and the material terms and conditions of such
request, proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person or group making any
such request, proposal or inquiry.
AES has agreed to keep the Company informed
of the status and details of any such request, proposal or inquiry.

    TERMINATION.  
The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time before the
transaction is completed by:

    - mutual consent of their board of directors and ours;

    - their board of directors or ours if the transaction is not completed by
      October 15, 2001, other than because of a breach of the agreement by the
      terminating party;

    - by either party if a governmental entity issues an order, decree or ruling
      or takes any other action that has the effect of permanently restraining,
      enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and the order, decree,
      ruling or other action is final and nonappealable;

    - by AES if the Company or AES Acquisition Corp. breaches any
      representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company
      or AES Acquisition Corp. or if any representation or warranty of the
      Company becomes untrue such that the Company and AES Acquisition Corp. are
      unable to satisfy their conditions to closing in the Merger Agreement,
      except that if the inaccuracy or breach is curable by the Company, then
      AES cannot terminate the agreement until 30 days after the Company
      receives notice of the breach and AES cannot terminate the agreement as a
      result of the breach if the breach is cured by the Company within the
      30 day period.

    - by the Company if AES breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or
      agreement on the part of AES or if any representation or warranty of AES
      becomes untrue such that AES is unable to satisfy its conditions to
      closing in the Merger Agreement, except that if the inaccuracy or breach
      is curable by AES, then the Company cannot terminate the agreement until
      30 days after AES receives notice of the breach and the Company cannot
      terminate the agreement as a result of the breach if the breach is cured
      by AES within the 30 day period.

    
FEES AND EXPENSES.  
All fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
Merger Agreement and the related transactions shall be paid by the party that
incurs the expenses regardless of whether the Merger is consummated, except that
the stockholders of AES will pay any expenses of AES in excess of $150,000.

    VOTING AGREEMENT.  
In connection with the acquisition with AES, the Company
has entered into a Stockholders Agreement with the stockholders of AES,
including DSA, pursuant to which, among other things, the stockholders of AES
have agreed to vote the shares of Company common stock held by them in the same
proportion as other stockholders of the Company with respect to matters
submitted to a stockholder vote, and to refrain from making any stockholder
proposal to the Company that would require a vote by the Company's stockholders.

This voting agreement will be suspended for so long as (i) the aggregate
beneficial ownership of Company common stock by the stockholders of AES is less
than 10% of the outstanding Company common stock or (ii) a default that occurred
and is not cured under the promissory notes issued by the Company as part of the
consideration for the acquisition of AES.

    
REGISTRATION RIGHTS.  
The Company has agreed in the Stockholders Agreement
to provide certain registration rights to the former AES stockholders.
These
rights include:

    - "piggyback" registration rights, which means that the former AES
      stockholders have the right to register the Company common stock issued in
      the acquisition of AES along with any other shares of common stock that
      the Company proposes to register in certain circumstances; and

    - "demand" registration rights, which means that the former AES stockholders
      have the right to demand that the Company register the Company common
      stock issued in the acquisition of AES if, after two years from the date
      of the acquisition of AES, the shares have not been registered.

    RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.  
Under the Stockholders Agreement, DSA has agreed
not to sell or transfer any shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by
it for a period of five years from the closing of the acquisition of AES, other
than:

    - upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement) of the
      Company;

    - pursuant to the registration rights described above under "--Registration
      Rights"; or

    - upon the default by the Company of certain specified agreements.

    
After the five-year period or upon a Change in Control, DSA has agreed not
to sell or transfer any shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by it
without first offering the shares to the Company, except pursuant to the
registration rights described above under "--Registration Rights" or pursuant to
the volume restrictions, manner of sale and other conditions of Rule 144 under
the Securities Act, even if those provisions are not then applicable.

    
The stockholders of AES, other than DSA, have agreed not to sell or transfer
any shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by them without first
offering the shares to the Company, except upon a Change in Control of the
Company, pursuant to the registration rights described above under
"--Registration Rights" or pursuant to the volume restrictions, manner of sale
and other conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, even if those
provisions are not then applicable.

    
The stockholders of AES, including DSA, have agreed that in no event will
they knowingly sell shares of Company common stock constituting 2% of the then
outstanding shares of Company common stock to any one person or group without
first offering such shares to the Company.

    
INDEMNIFICATION.  
In the Stockholders Agreement, the stockholders of AES
have agreed to indemnify the Company for breaches of the representations and
warranties of AES in the Merger Agreement.
The indemnification by DSA is limited
to breaches of the representations and warranties of AES arising solely from
action taken or event occurring prior to June 30, 1999, the date DSA acquired
its interest in AES.
The stockholders need not indemnify the Company for the
first $500,000 of losses suffered by the Company as a result of breaches of the
representations and warranties of AES and the maximum any one stockholder is
required to pay cannot exceed the amount they receive under the Merger Agreement
or, in the case of AES, the Stock Purchase Agreement.
Each stockholder of AES
has also agreed to indemnify the Company without limit for breaches of
representations and warranties made to the Company regarding their status and
their respective ownership of the capital stock of AES.

    
The stockholders of AES, other than DSA, have agreed that approximately
751,190 of the shares of the Company's common stock to be issued to them in the
acquisition of AES will be held in escrow to secure their indemnification
obligations to the Company.
An additional 250,000 shares of the Company's common
stock to be issued to the stockholders of AES in the acquisition of AES will be
held in escrow to ensure the ultimate repayment of a DSA Promissory Note.
See
"Acquisition of AES--Document of Understanding.
"

    The Company has agreed to indemnify the stockholders of AES for breaches of
the representations and warranties it made in the Merger Agreement and, in the
case of DSA, the Stock Purchase Agreement.
With the exception of certain
representations regarding the issuance of the Company's common stock and the
promissory notes in connection with the acquisition of AES, the Company need not
indemnify the stockholders for the first $500,000 of losses suffered by the
stockholders as a result of breaches of the Company's representations and
warranties and the maximum the Company could be required to pay is limited to
$60,000,000.

              
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATMENTS

    The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements, including the
notes thereto, are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and should be
read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto of the Company which were previously reported in the Company's
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the Company's Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended March 31, 2001, which are incorporated by reference, and the
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto of AES for the year
ended December 31, 2000 and for the three months ended March 31, 2001, included
elsewhere in this document.

    
The acquisition of AES has been accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.
The unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income of the
Company for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and the unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of the
Company as of March 31, 2001, which are set froth below, give effect to the
purchase of AES based upon the assumptions set forth below and in the notes to
unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma
financial information assumes that the purchase of AES was completed on
January 1, 2000 for the unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income
and on March 31, 2001 for the unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet.

    
The Company and AES have had no significant inter-company activity which
would require elimination in preparing the unaudited pro forma consolidated
financial statements.
In addition, the Company and AES have no significantly
different accounting policies and procedures which require conforming
adjustments.

    
The pro forma adjustments and the resulting unaudited pro forma consolidated
financial statements were prepared based on available information and certain
assumptions and estimates described in the notes to the unaudited pro forma
consolidated financial statements.
A final determination of required purchase
accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the purchase price to the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed, has not been made, and the allocation
reflected in the unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements should be
considered preliminary.
However, in the opinion of our management, the final
allocation will not have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma
consolidated financial statements.

    
The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements do not purport to
represent what our financial position or results of operations would have been
had the acquisition of AES occurred on the dates indicated or to project our
financial position or results of operations for any future period.
Furthermore,
the unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements do not reflect changes
which may occur as the result of activities after the acquisition of AES closes.

                            
MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

                 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                 MARCH 31, 2001

                                                                   ADVANCED                         PRO FORMA
                                                 MSC.SOFTWARE     ENTERPRISE       PRO FORMA       MSC.SOFTWARE
                                                 CORPORATION    SOLUTIONS, INC.   ADJUSTMENTS      CORPORATION
                                                 ------------   ---------------   -----------      ------------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents....................    $ 24,474         $ 2,115        $(20,000)(2)      $  6,589
  Investments..................................       1,045          12,012              --            13,057
  Trade accounts receivable net................      53,162          11,367              --            64,529
  Deferred tax charges.........................      16,100             264             390(3)         16,754
  Other current assets.........................       9,326           3,062              --            12,388
                                                   --------         -------        --------          --------
    Total current assets.......................     
104,107          28,820         (19,610)          113,317
Property and equipment, net....................      20,043             533              --            20,576
Capitalized software costs, net................      25,001              --              --            25,001
Goodwill, net..................................      31,704              --              --(1)         31,704
Other intangible assets, net...................      28,919              --              --(1)         28,919
Excess of purchase price over fair value of net
  tangible assets acquired.....................          --              --         118,203(1)        118,203
Other assets...................................       4,218             143              --             4,361
                                                   --------         
-------        --------          --------
  Total assets.................................    $213,992         $29,496        $ 98,593          $342,081

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.............................    $  5,973         $ 8,074        $  1,300(4)       $ 15,347
  Current portion of note payable..............       3,733              --              --             3,733
  Current portion of subordinated notes
    payable....................................       3,236              --              --             3,236
  Deferred revenue.............................      49,692              --              --            49,692
  Compensation and related expenses............       
9,636           1,032              --            10,668
  Restructuring reserve........................       
1,317              --           1,000(5)          2,317
  Other current liabilities....................      
18,174           2,389              --            20,563
                                                   --------         -------        --------          --------
    Total current liabilities..................      91,761          11,495           2,300           105,556
Note payable to Dassault Systemes of America...          --           5,000            (567)(9)         4,433
Deferred income taxes..........................      16,023              --              --            16,023
Notes payable to AES shareholders, net.........          --              --          18,727(6)         18,727
Convertible subordinated debentures............      58,360              --              --            58,360
Subordinated notes payable less current
  portion......................................       
8,953              --              --             8,953

Shareholders' equity:
  Common stock.................................      36,049           7,000          91,134(7)        127,183
                                                                                     (7,000)(8)
  
Common stock warrants........................       4,428              --              --             4,428
  Retained earnings............................       6,186           5,983          (5,983)(8)         6,186
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss.........      
(7,491)             18             (18)(8)        (7,491)
  Treasury shares..............................        
(277)             --              --              (277)
                                                   --------         
-------        --------          --------
    Total shareholders' equity.................      
38,895          13,001          78,133           130,029
                                                   --------         -------        --------          --------
    Total liabilities and shareholders'
      equity...................................    $213,992         $29,496        $ 98,593          $342,081
                                                   ========         =======        ========          ========

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet.

                            
MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                 MARCH 31, 2001

(1) Adjustment to reflect the excess of purchase price over fair value of net
    tangible assets acquired from the purchase of AES.
The total purchase price,
    including acquisition costs, was allocated to the assets and liabilities of
    AES, based upon their approximate fair market value, as follows: $13,568,000
    to net tangible assets and $118,203,000 to excess of purchase price over
    fair value of net tangible assets acquired.
The Company intends to allocate
    a portion of the purchase price to goodwill and to other identifiable
    intangibles upon the completion of a valuation of the intangible assets
    acquired.
Estimated costs incurred related to the purchase are $1,300,000.
    
An additional adjustment of $1,000,000 to excess of purchase price over fair
    value of net tangible assets acquired was provided for estimated additional
    acquisition costs relating to the integration of AES, in accordance with
    Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF")
No. 95-3, "RECOGNITION OF LIABILITIES IN
    CONNECTION WITH A PURCHASE BUSINESS COMBINATION".
The excess of purchase
    price over fair value of net tangible assets acquired and identified
    intangibles will be amortized over 20 years.
The following is a summary of
    the purchase price calculation:

Cash........................................................  $ 20,000,000
Fair value (including $346,000 discount from face value) of
  notes payable to AES shareholders.........................    18,727,000
Value of 5,300,000 shares of Company common stock to be
  issued....................................................    80,984,000
Value of AES stock options assumed..........................    
10,150,000
Direct costs of the transaction.............................     
1,300,000
Additional AES restructuring liability, net of deferred tax
  asset of $390,000.........................................       610,000
                                                              ------------
                                                               131,771,000
Less fair value of net tangible assets acquired.............    13,568,000
                                                              ------------
    Excess of purchase price over fair value of net tangible
      assets acquired.......................................  $118,203,000
                                                              ============

    The notes payable to AES shareholders are subject to a tangible net worth
    adjustment (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and could be in an aggregate
    principal amount of up to $20,000,000.
As of March 31, 2001, the tangible
    net worth adjustment would result in a reduction of the notes payable to AES
    shareholders of $927,000.
The actual amount of the notes payable to AES
    shareholders will be calculated as of the final closing date.

    
The fair value of the shares of Company common stock issued of $15.28 per
    share was based upon the average closing price of the Company's common stock
    on May 2, 2001 (the date of the signing and announcement of the definitive
    merger agreement) and the ten days prior and subsequent to May 2, 2001.

    
With respect to the stock options assumed as part of the purchase, all AES
    options will be exchanged for Company stock options.
Each assumed option
    will continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions,
    except: (i) the options will be fully vested; (ii) the options will be
    exercisable for shares of common stock of the Company determined by a
    formula set forth in the Merger Agreement; and (iii) each optionholder will
    be required to enter into a lock-up agreement that will limit the ability of
    the optionholder to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of common stock of
    the Company acquired upon exercise of options for specified time periods to
    be agreed to by the Company and AES.
The fair value of the stock options to
    be assumed (options to purchase approximately 700,000 common shares at
    approximately $.10 per share) is based on the Black-Scholes model using the
    following assumptions: fair market value of the underlying shares of

                            MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                 MARCH 31, 2001

    $15.28, expected life of 5 years, expected volatility of 52.8%, risk free
    interest rate of 5% and dividend yield of 0%.


(2) Adjustment is the amount of cash to be paid for the purchase of AES.


(3) Adjustment is the deferred tax asset related to the $1,000,000 of estimated
    additional costs relating to the restructuring of AES.


(4) Adjustment is the estimated direct costs of $1,300,000 incurred related to
    the purchase of AES.


(5) Adjustment is the $1,000,000 for estimated additional acquisition costs
    relating to the restructuring of AES.


(6) Adjustment is the $19,073,000 principal amount of notes payable to AES
    shareholders to be issued for the purchase of AES, less a discount of
    $346,000 to record the notes payable at their estimated fair value using
    market rates as of March 31, 2001.

(7) Adjustment is the Company's common stock (5,300,000 shares) and stock
    options (700,000 option shares) to be issued for the purchase of AES.


(8) Adjustment is for the elimination of AES' shareholders' equity.


(9) Adjustment is a discount on the notes payable to Dassault Systemes of
    America to record the note at its estimated fair value using market rates as
    of March 31, 2001.

                            
MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                       THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001

                                                                ADVANCED                      PRO FORMA
                                             MSC.SOFTWARE      ENTERPRISE       PRO FORMA    MSC.SOFTWARE
                                             CORPORATION    SOLUTIONS, INC.    ADJUSTMENTS   CORPORATION
                                             ------------   ----------------   -----------   ------------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Revenue....................................     
$44,657         $18,364          $    --        $63,021

Cost of revenue............................      11,920          11,815               --         23,735
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
Gross profit...............................      32,737           6,549                          39,286
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
Operating expense:
  Research and development.................       
5,372              --               --          5,372
  Selling, general and administrative......      20,983           5,213               --         26,196
  Amortization of goodwill and other
    intangibles............................       2,688              --            1,478 (1)      4,166
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
    Total operating expense................      29,043           5,213            1,478         35,734
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
Operating income...........................       3,694           1,336           (1,478)         3,552
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
Other expense (income):
  Interest expense.........................       1,613              --              420 (2)      2,033
  Other income, net........................        (164)           (289)              --           (453)
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
    Total other expense, net...............       1,449            (289)             420          1,580
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
Income before provision for income taxes...       2,245           1,625           (1,898)         1,972
  Provision for income taxes...............         885             646             (164)(3)      1,367
                                                -------         -------          -------        -------
Net income.................................     $ 1,360         $   979          $(1,734)       $   605
                                                =======         =======          =======        =======

Basic earnings per share...................     $  0.10                                         $  0.03
                                                =======                                         =======

Diluted earnings per share.................     $  0.09                                         $  0.03
                                                =======                                         =======

BASIC WEIGHTED-AVERAGE SHARES
  OUTSTANDING..............................      14,182                            5,300         19,482
                                                =======                          =======        =======

DILUTED WEIGHTED-AVERAGE SHARES
  OUTSTANDING..............................      
14,667                            5,927         20,594
                                                =======                          =======        =======

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRO FORMA RESULTS
EXCLUDING AMORTIZATION OF GOODWILL(4)

Operating income...........................     $ 5,005                                         $ 6,341

Net income.................................     $ 2,671                                         $ 3,394

Basic earnings per share...................     $  0.19                                         $  0.17

Diluted earnings per share.................     $  0.18                                         $  0.16
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income.

                            
MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                                                ADVANCED                      PRO FORMA
                                             MSC.SOFTWARE      ENTERPRISE       PRO FORMA    MSC.SOFTWARE
                                             CORPORATION    SOLUTIONS, INC.    ADJUSTMENTS   CORPORATION
                                             ------------   ----------------   -----------   ------------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Revenue....................................    $178,024         $97,664          $    --       $275,688

Cost of revenue............................      44,853          66,801               --        111,654
                                               --------         -------          
-------       --------
Gross profit...............................     133,171          30,863               --        164,034
                                               --------         -------          -------       
--------
Operating expense:
  Research and development.................      
16,656              --               --         16,656
  Selling, general and administrative......      82,325          20,655               --        102,980
  Amortization of goodwill and other
    intangibles............................      11,049              --            5,910 (1)     16,959
                                               --------         -------          -------       
--------
    Total operating expense................     110,030          20,655            5,910        136,595
                                               --------         -------          
-------       --------
Operating income...........................      
23,141          10,208           (5,910)        27,439
                                               --------         -------          -------       
--------
Other expense (income):
  Interest expense.........................       6,679              --            1,690 (2)      8,369
  Other income, net........................        (106)           (986)              --         (1,092)
                                               --------         -------          -------       
--------
    Total other expense, net...............       6,573            (986)           1,690          7,277
                                               --------         
-------          -------       
--------
Income before provision for income taxes...      16,568          11,194           (7,600)        20,162
  Provision for income taxes...............       5,435           4,377             (659)(3)      9,153
                                               --------         -------          -------       
--------
Net income.................................    $ 11,133         $ 6,817          $(6,941)      $ 11,009
                                               ========         =======          =======       ========

Basic earnings per share...................    $   0.79                                        $   0.57
                                               ========                                        ========

Diluted earnings per share.................    $   0.76                                        $   0.54
                                               ========                                        ========

BASIC WEIGHTED-AVERAGE SHARES
  OUTSTANDING..............................      14,025                            5,300         19,325
                                               ========                          =======       ========

DILUTED WEIGHTED-AVERAGE SHARES
  OUTSTANDING..............................      14,614                            5,928         20,542
                                               ========                          =======       ========

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRO FORMA RESULTS
EXCLUDING AMORTIZATION OF GOODWILL(4)

Operating income...........................    
$ 28,687                                        $ 38,895

Net income.................................    $ 16,679                                        $ 22,465

Basic earnings per share...................    $   1.19                                        $   1.16

Diluted earnings per share.................    $   1.07                                        $   1.05
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income.

                            
MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

         NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                       THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001

                        AND YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

(1) Adjustment to reflect the additional amortization of the excess of purchase
    price over fair value of net tangible assets acquired from the purchase of
    AES.
The purchase will result in approximately $118,203,000 of excess of
    purchase price over fair value of net tangible assets acquired, which will
    be amortized over its estimated useful life of 20 years.
The Company intends
    to allocate a portion of the excess of purchase price over fair value of net
    tangible assets acquired to goodwill and to other identifiable intangibles
    upon the completion of a valuation of the intangible assets acquired.
Actual
    amortization periods for any identifiable intangibles may vary from the
    20 year life used for purposes of this pro forma.


(2) Adjustment to reflect the additional interest expense for the $19,073,000
    principal amount of the 7% notes payable to AES shareholders and the
    amortization of the related discount.


(3) Adjustment is the net tax effect of the pro forma adjustments.
Income taxes
    were provided at a rate of 39% for both periods presented.


(4)
In May 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB")
    announced, in connection with finalizing a new accounting statement for
    business combinations, its tentative conclusion that goodwill arising from
    business combinations, including prior business combinations, would no
    longer be required to be amortized.
Goodwill would instead by reviewed for
    impairment at a reporting unit level, and the value would be written down
    only if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying
    amount, including goodwill.

    
The FASB expects to vote on this statement in late June 2001 and issue the
    statement in the second half of July 2001.
This statement would be effective
    for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001.
In all cases, the
    statement must be adopted as of the beginning of a fiscal year.

    
As a result of the pending new accounting statement, the Company has
    provided certain pro forma income statement information assuming no
    amortization of goodwill as if the new accounting statement had been
    effective as of January 1, 2000.
However, the accounting statement has not
    yet been finalized and the provisions of the new accounting statement may
    change significantly before it is issued.
Therefore, this additional
    information is not in accordance with generally accepted accounting
    principles.
The amounts presented may differ materially based on the final
    allocation of the purchase price and the Company has not completed any
    required impairment analysis that might be required under the new accounting
    standard.

    
Note:  The unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income do not
include the costs of integration as these costs do not qualify as liabilities in
connection with a purchase business combination under EITF No. 95-3 nor do they
include any adjustment to reflect the efficiencies and cost reductions expected
to be obtained in connection with the integration of the AES operations into
those of the Company.
The costs of facility closures have been included as part
of the cost of the acquisition in accordance with EITF No. 95-3.
The integration
of operations is expected to be completed within three months after the
acquisition date, after which certain efficiencies and cost savings are expected
to be realized.

                             
2001 STOCK OPTION PLAN

    The Company currently maintains the MSC.Software Corporation 1991 Stock
Option Plan (referred to as the "1991 Plan") and the MSC.Software Corporation
1998 Stock Option Plan (referred to as the "1998 Plan").
The Board believes that
the 1991 Plan and the 1998 Plan have been worthwhile in attracting and retaining
desirable employees, officers and directors.
However, the Board believes that
due to the increase in the number of employees in connection with the
acquisition of AES, an insufficient number of shares remain available under the
limits of the 1991 Plan and the 1998 Plan to adequately provide for future
incentives.
The 1991 Plan terminates in 2001.

    
As a result, the Board adopted the 2001 Plan on May 7, 2001, subject to the
receipt of stockholder approval of the 2001 Plan at the annual meeting.

    
Even if the 2001 Plan is approved by stockholders, the Board expects that
additional options will be granted under the 1991 Plan and the 1998 Plan.
As of
May 31, 2001, 1,890,414 shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise
price of $11.72 remained subject to options then outstanding under the 1991 Plan
and an additional 358,687 shares of common stock remained available for award
purposes under the 1991 Plan.
As of the same date, 2,382,095 shares of common
stock with a weighted average exercise price of $9.18 remained subject to
options then outstanding under the 1998 Plan and an additional 819,040 shares of
common stock remained available for award purposes under the 1998 Plan.
Although
additional shares subject to outstanding options may become available in the
future if options expire or terminate prior to exercise, those shares are not
available now.
As of May 31, 2001, there were 14,845,526 outstanding shares of
common stock.

    
The 2001 Plan authorizes the grant of stock options and the principal terms
of the 2001 Plan are summarized below.
The following summary is qualified in its
entirety by the full text of the 2001 Plan, a copy of which is included as
Appendix E to this document.
Capitalized terms used in the summary are used as
defined in the 2001 Plan.


SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE 2001 PLAN

    - PURPOSE:
The purpose of the 2001 Plan is to promote the success of the
      Company and the interests of its stockholders by attracting, retaining,
      and rewarding officers, employees, and other eligible persons through the
      grant of equity incentives.
The 2001 Plan also aims to attract, motivate
      and retain experienced and knowledgeable independent directors.

    - ADMINISTRATION:
The 2001 Plan is administered by the Board or one or more
      committees appointed by the Board (the appropriate acting body is referred
      to as the "Committee").
Currently, the Company's Compensation Committee
      administers the 2001 Plan.
The Committee determines the number of shares
      that are to be subject to Options, the exercise price of Options, and the
      other terms and conditions of the Options.
Subject to the other provisions
      of the 2001 Plan, the Committee has the authority (1) to permit the
      recipient of any Option to pay the exercise price of an Option in cash,
      the delivery of previously owned shares of Company common stock, or a
      cashless exercise; (2) to accelerate the receipt or vesting of benefits
      pursuant to an Option; and (3) to make certain adjustments to an
      outstanding Option and authorize the acceleration or termination or the
      assumption, conversion, or substitution of an Option.

    - ELIGIBILITY: Persons eligible to receive Options under the 2001 Plan
      include directors, officers or employees of the Company or any of its
      Subsidiaries, and certain individual consultants and advisors to the
      Company.
Each member of the Board who is not an officer or employee of the
      Company (a "Non-Employee Director") will receive certain automatic award
      grants under the 2001 Plan, as described more fully below.
Currently,
      there are four Non-Employee Directors.
Approximately 1,000 individuals are
      currently eligible to participate in the 2001 Plan, and

      approximately 1,200 individuals will be eligible to participate in the
      2001 Plan upon the effectiveness of the acquisition of AES.

    - TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS:
Subject to certain limited exceptions contained in
      Section 1.8 of the 2001 Plan, Options are nontransferable and the Company
      will only issue any amounts payable or shares issuable pursuant to an
      Option to the participant, a legal representative, or in the case of
      death, the participant's estate or designated beneficiary.

    - LIMITS ON AUTHORIZED SHARES:
Under the 2001 Plan, a maximum of 2,000,000
      shares of common stock may be delivered pursuant to Options.
The maximum
      number of these shares that may be issued to Non-Employee Directors is
      60,000.
The maximum number of shares subject to Options granted to any
      participant during any calendar year is 500,000.

    - ANTIDILUTION ADJUSTMENTS: As is customary in stock option plans of this
      nature, the number and kind of shares available under the 2001 Plan, as
      well as the exercise or purchase prices, are subject to adjustment in the
      case of certain corporate events.
These events include reorganizations,
      mergers, combinations, consolidations, recapitalizations,
      reclassifications, stock splits, stock dividends, asset sales or other
      similar unusual or extraordinary corporate events, or extraordinary
      dividends or distributions of property to the stockholders.

    - NO LIMIT ON OTHER PLANS:
The 2001 Plan does not limit the ability of the
      Board or the Committee to grant awards or authorize any other compensation
      under any other plan or authority.

    - STOCK OPTIONS:
An Option is the right to purchase shares of common stock
      at a future date at a specified price (the "Option Price").
The Option
      Price per share will be determined by the Committee, but it will not be
      less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of
      grant.
Each Option granted under the 2001 Plan will expire within
      10 years after the date of grant of the Option.
Option recipients must pay
      the full Option Price (either in cash or by another approved method) at
      the time of exercise.
Options under the 2001 Plan are either Incentive
      Stock Options or a Nonqualified Stock Options.
Incentive Stock Options are
      taxed differently from Nonqualified Stock Options, as described under
      "Federal Income Tax Treatment of Options under the 2001 Plan" below.
      
Incentive Stock Options are also subject to more restrictive terms and are
      limited in amount by the Internal Revenue Code and the 2001 Plan.

    
- AUTOMATIC OPTION GRANTS TO ELIGIBLE DIRECTORS: After the Company's 1991
      Stock Option Plan terminates in 2001, the automatic annual grants of
      certain Options to Non-Employee Directors will be made under the 1998
      Plan, and after the termination of the 1998 Plan, the automatic annual
      grants of certain Options to Non-Employee Directors will be made under the
      2001 Plan.
Under the 2001 Plan, the Company thereafter will grant
      Nonqualified Stock Options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock to
      each Non-Employee Director on the date he or she is first elected or
      appointed to the Board.
In addition, the Company will grant Nonqualified
      Stock Options to purchase 3,000 shares of common stock on the first
      business day of each calendar year to each Non-Employee Director who is
      then in office.
Each Option will have a five-year term and the exercise
      price will equal 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share on the date of
      grant.
Each Option will fully vest twelve months after the date of grant.

    - ACCELERATION OF OPTIONS; POSSIBLE EARLY TERMINATION OF OPTIONS:
Unless the
      Committee determines otherwise, participants can generally exercise their
      Options immediately upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Event.
A
      Change in Control Event under the 2001 Plan generally includes a
      dissolution or liquidation of the Company, a reorganization resulting in a
      change in ownership of at least 30% of the Company, certain changes in a
      majority of the Board, certain mergers or consolidations approved by the
      Company's stockholders, or stockholder approval of a sale of

      substantially all of the Company's assets.
Options may terminate after a
      Change in Control Event in which the Company does not survive.

    - TERMINATION OR CHANGES TO THE 2001 PLAN:
The Board may amend or terminate
      the 2001 Plan at any time and in any manner.
Unless required by law or
      deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, the Board will not seek
      stockholder approval for any amendment to the 2001 Plan.
The 2001 Plan
      will terminate at the close of business on the day before the tenth
      anniversary of the Effective Date of the 2001 Plan.
Outstanding Options
      may be amended by the Committee only in accordance with the terms of the
      2001 Plan and may not be amended or extended beyond 10 years without
      stockholder approval.

    - SECURITIES UNDERLYING OPTIONS:
The market value of a share of Company
      common stock as of May 25, 2001 was $19.31 per share.
Upon receipt of
      stockholder approval of the 2001 Plan, the Company plans to register the
      2,000,000 shares of common stock authorized by the 2001 Plan pursuant to
      the Securities Act of 1933.

    
- NO REPRICING:
The Company will not, without stockholder approval, amend,
      or cancel and regrant, any Option granted under the 2001 Plan in order to
      reduce the per share exercise price of the Option to a price less than
      100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant of
      the initial Option.
The Board or Committee may, however, adjust the Option
      Price consistent with customary anti-dilution provisions of the 2001 Plan.

    
- NO "RELOAD OPTIONS"
: The 2001 Plan does not provide for the grant of
      "reload options," whereby an Option (the "Original Option") is enhanced by
      granting a new option to the extent the Original Option is enhanced or to
      the extent it is exercised with shares of already-held stock.


FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF OPTIONS UNDER THE 2001 PLAN

    The current federal income tax consequences of the 2001 Plan are summarized
in the following general discussion of the general tax principles applicable to
the 2001 Plan.
This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and does not
describe state, local, or international tax consequences.

    
With respect to nonqualified stock options, the participant recognizes
ordinary income of, and the Company is generally entitled to deduct, an amount
equal to the difference between the option exercise price and the fair market
value of the shares at the time of exercise.
With respect to Incentive Stock
Options, the Company is generally not entitled to a similar deduction either
upon grant of the option or at the time the option is exercised.
If Incentive
Stock Option shares are not held for specified qualifying periods, however, the
difference between the fair market value of the shares at the date of exercise
(or, if lower, the sale price) and the cost of such shares is taxed as ordinary
income (and the Company will receive a corresponding deduction) in the year the
shares are sold.

    
If an Option is accelerated under the 2001 Plan in connection with a change
in control (as this term is used in the Internal Revenue Code), the Company may
not be able to deduct the portion of the compensation attributable to the
acceleration if it, together with other compensation received in connection with
the event, exceeds certain threshold limits under the Code.
These excess
payments are called "parachute payments" and can also trigger certain related
excise taxes.
Furthermore, if the compensation attributable to awards is not
"performance-based" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the
Company may not be permitted to deduct the aggregate non performance-based
compensation in excess of $1,000,000 in certain circumstances.


SPECIFIC BENEFITS

    For information regarding options granted to executive officers of the
Company, see the material under the heading "Option Grant Table" at page 20.

    
The number, amount and type of awards to be received by or allocated to
eligible persons in the future under the 2001 Plan cannot be determined at this
time because benefits or amounts, eligibility, price and certain terms are
wholly within the discretion of the Committee.
Similarly, the dollar value of
the benefits that will be received by or allocated to eligible persons in the
future under the 2001 Plan are not determinable because the value of such
benefits depends on the number, exercise price and other terms of the Options to
be granted and, among other variables, the fair market value of the Company's
common stock in the future.

    
THE BOARD HAS APPROVED AND RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE
2001 PLAN.
Proxies solicited by the Board will be so voted unless stockholders
specify otherwise in their proxies.
All members of the Board are eligible for
awards under the 2001 Plan.

                         
WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION

    We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC.
You may read and copy our filed reports, statements or
other information at the SEC's public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New
York, New York and Chicago, Illinois.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference rooms.
Our public filings are also
available from commercial document retrieval services and at the Internet World
Wide Web site maintained by the SEC at "http://www.sec.gov."
If you have trouble
retrieving electronically filed or other information about us, you should also
search under our former name--"The MacNeal-Schwendler Corporation".

    
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this Proxy
Statement, which means that we can disclose important business and financial
information by referring you to another document separately filed with the SEC.

The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy
statement, except for any information superseded by information contained
directly in the proxy statement.
This proxy statement incorporates by reference
the following documents previously filed by us with the SEC.
These documents
contain important information about our company and our finances.

    
1.  
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000.

    2.  
Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31,
       2001.

    3.  
Our Current Report on Form 8-K, event date May 2, 2001.

    
We are also incorporating by reference additional documents we may file with
the SEC between the date of this proxy statement and the date of our annual
meeting.

    
If you are one of our stockholders, we may have sent you some of the
documents incorporated by reference, but you can still obtain those documents
through us, or the SEC, or the SEC's Internet World Wide Web site described
above.
Documents incorporated by reference are available from us without charge,
excluding their exhibits unless specifically incorporated by reference as an
exhibit to this proxy statement.
Documents incorporated by reference in this
proxy statement may be obtained from us upon request in writing at the following
address:

                                  MSC.Software Corporation
                                  2 MacArthur Place
                                  Santa Ana, California 92707
                                  Attention: Louis A. Greco

    IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM US, PLEASE DO SO BY
            , 2001 TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING.
Requested
documents will be mailed to you by first-class mail, or other equally prompt
means, within one business day after we receive your request.

    
You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement to vote your shares at the annual meeting.
We
have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different
from that contained in this proxy statement.
This proxy statement is dated
            , 2001.
You should not assume that the information contained in the
proxy statement is accurate as of any other date, and the mailing of this proxy
statement to our stockholders shall not create any contrary implication.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

    
The Company believes that the SEC filings of its officers, directors and ten
percent stockholders complied with the requirements of Section 16(a) of the
Securities and Exchange Act during 2000.

EXHIBITS TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

    If any person who was a beneficial owner of common stock of the Company on
the record date for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders desires additional
information, a copy of the exhibits to the Company's Report on Form 10-K will be
furnished upon written request and payment of copying charges.
The request
should identify the person requesting the exhibits as a stockholder of the
Company as of             , 2001 and should be directed to Mr. Louis A. Greco,
Secretary, MSC.Software Corporation, 815 Colorado Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA
90041.


STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

    
Any stockholder proposal must be submitted in writing to Louis A. Greco,
Secretary of the Company, at the principal executive offices of the Company and
received by             , 2002 if it is to be considered for inclusion in the
Company's 2002 proxy materials.
Any such proposal must comply with all the
requirements of Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

                                               
By Order of the Board,

                                               Louis A. Greco
                                               Secretary and Chief Financial Officer
                   , 2001

                             YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

                          PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN
                                
YOUR PROXY CARD
                            IN THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED
                              AS SOON AS POSSIBLE

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors
Advanced Enterprise Solutions, Inc.:

    
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced
Enterprise Solutions, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and
comprehensive income (loss), and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2000.
These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

    
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

    
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Advanced Enterprise Solutions, Inc. and subsidiaries at December 31, 2000 and
1999, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


Costa Mesa, California
March 30, 2001, except for Note 8
  which is as of May 2, 2001

                                      F-1

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                 DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------    MARCH 31,
                                                                1999       2000        2001
                                                              --------   --------   -----------
                                                                                    (UNAUDITED)

                                            ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $ 7,834    $13,640      $ 2,115
  Short-term investments....................................    7,117      2,479       12,012
  Trade accounts receivable, net............................   14,018     18,077       11,367
  Inventory.................................................      499      1,926        1,220
  Deferred tax assets, current..............................      425        376          264
  Income tax receivable.....................................       --         --        1,607
  Other current assets......................................      340        245          235
                                                              -------    -------      -------
    Total current assets....................................   30,233     36,743       28,820
Property and equipment, net.................................      587        599          533
Deferred tax assets, noncurrent.............................       
81        293           97
Other assets................................................       29         50           46
                                                              -------    -------      -------
                                                              $30,930    $37,685      $29,496
                                                              =======    =======      =======

                             LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable..........................................  $ 9,025    $11,474      $ 8,074
  Accrued payroll and compensation..........................    
1,082      1,145        1,032
  Accrued expenses..........................................    4,440      2,484        2,389
  Income taxes payable......................................    1,310      3,059           --
  Notes payable resulting from acquisitions.................      355         --           --
  Dividends payable to stockholders.........................    2,539      2,522           --
                                                              -------    -------      -------
    Total current liabilities...............................   18,751     20,684       11,495
Note payable to Dassault Systemes of America Corporation....    
7,000      5,000        5,000
                                                              -------    -------      
-------
    Total current liabilities...............................   25,751     25,684       16,495
                                                              -------    -------      -------
Stockholders' equity:
  Common stock, $.01 par value.
    
Authorized 10,000 shares; issued and outstanding 1,100
      shares................................................       --         --           --
  Additional paid-in capital................................    
7,000      7,000        7,000
  Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)...................   (1,813)     5,004        5,983
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).............       (8)        (3)          18
                                                              -------    -------      -------
    Total stockholders' equity..............................    5,179     12,001       13,001

Commitments and contingencies (note 6)
Subsequent event (note 8)
                                                              -------    -------      -------
                                                              $30,930    $37,685      $29,496
                                                              =======    =======      =======

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      
F-2

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                     THREE MONTHS
                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,         ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                 ------------------------------   
-------------------
                                                   1998       1999       2000       2000       2001
                                                 --------   
--------   --------   --------   --------
                                                                                      (UNAUDITED)

Revenue........................................  $53,399    $70,721    $95,664    $20,291    $18,364
Sales commission from related party............       --         --      2,000         --         --
                                                 -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
  Total revenue................................   
53,399     70,721     97,664     20,291     18,364
Cost of revenue................................   40,258     52,415     66,801     13,120     11,815
                                                 -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
  Gross profit.................................   13,141     18,306     30,863      7,171      6,549
Selling, general and administrative............   11,774     14,249     20,655      3,475      5,213
                                                 -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
  Operating income.............................    1,367      4,057     10,208      3,696      1,336
Other income (expense):
  Interest income..............................       41         94        975         15        286
  Other income (expense), net..................      (85)         2         11          2          3
                                                 -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
  Income before provision for income taxes.....    1,323      4,153     11,194      3,713      1,625
Provision for income taxes.....................      513      1,606      4,377      1,485        646
                                                 -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
  Net income...................................  $   810    $ 2,547    $ 6,817    $ 2,228    $   979
                                                 =======    =======    =======    =======    =======

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      
F-3

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998, 1999 AND 2000,
             AND THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 (UNAUDITED)

                       (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

                                                                               RETAINED      ACCUMULATED
                                            COMMON STOCK        ADDITIONAL     EARNINGS         OTHER           TOTAL
                                       ----------------------    PAID-IN     (ACCUMULATED   COMPREHENSIVE   STOCKHOLDERS'
                                        SHARES      AMOUNT       CAPITAL       DEFICIT)     INCOME (LOSS)      EQUITY
                                       --------   -----------   ----------   ------------   -------------   -------------

Balances at December 31, 1997........     891     $       --      $   --        $ 3,221      $        --       $ 3,221
Distribution to related entity.......      --             --          --           (948)              --          (948)
Net income...........................      --             --          --            810               --           810
                                        -----     -----------     ------        -------      -----------       -------
Balances at December 31, 1998........     891             --          --          3,083               --         3,083
Issuance of common stock for cash....     209             --       7,000             --               --         7,000
Distribution to stockholders.........      --             --          --         (7,443)              --        (7,443)
Components of comprehensive income:
  Unrealized loss on investments.....      --             --          --             --               (8)           (8)
  Net income.........................      --             --          --          2,547               --         2,547
                                        -----     -----------     ------        -------      -----------       -------
    Total comprehensive income.......                                                                            
2,539
                                                                                                               -------
Balances at December 31, 1999........   1,100                      7,000         (1,813)              (8)        5,179
Components of comprehensive income:
  Unrealized gain on investments.....      --             --          --             --                5             5
  Net income.........................      --             --          --          6,817               --         6,817
                                        -----     -----------     ------        -------      -----------       -------
    Total comprehensive income.......                                                                            6,822
                                                                                                               -------
Balances at December 31, 2000........   1,100             --       7,000          5,004               (3)       12,001
Components of comprehensive income:
  Unrealized gain on investments
    (unaudited)......................      --             --          --             --               21            21
  Net income (unaudited).............      --             --          --            979               --           979
                                        -----     -----------     
------        -------      -----------       
-------
    Total comprehensive income
      (unaudited)....................                                                                            
1,000
                                                                                                               -------
Balances at March 31, 2001
  (unaudited)........................   1,100     $       --      $7,000        $ 5,983      $        18       $13,001
                                        =====     ===========     ======        =======      ===========       =======

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      
F-4

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                                  THREE MONTHS
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,         ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                              ------------------------------   
-------------------
                                                                1998       1999       2000       2000       2001
                                                              
--------   --------   
--------   --------   
--------
                                                                                                   (UNAUDITED)

Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income................................................  $   810    $ 2,547    $$6,817    $ 2,228    $    979
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
    by (used in) operating activities:
  Depreciation..............................................      345        283        285         51          71
  Deferred income taxes.....................................     (894)       526       (163)        --         308
  Provision for doubtful accounts and returns...............      932        179        462         18         329
  Noncash decrease of note payable through commission income
    earned as a result of transaction with Dassault
    Systemes................................................       --         --     (2,000)        --          --
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of
    effects of acquisitions:
    Accounts receivable.....................................   (3,236)    (4,301)    (3,957)       210       6,381
    Inventory...............................................     (852)     1,111     (1,427)       113         706
    Income taxes receivable.................................       --         --         --         --      (1,607)
    Other assets............................................      
210       (125)        73       (227)         14
    Accounts payable........................................    
3,454     (1,969)     1,901       (396)     (3,400)
    Accrued expenses........................................    
2,508       (569)    (1,893)    (2,954)       (208)
    Taxes payable...........................................       
93      1,109      1,749      1,476      (3,059)
                                                              -------    -------    -------    -------    --------
      Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities...    3,370     (1,209)     1,847        519         514
                                                              -------    
-------    -------    -------    --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of short-term investments.......................       --     (7,125)        --         --      (9,512)
  Maturities of short-term investments......................       --         --      4,644         --          --
  Purchases of property and equipment.......................     (173)      (354)      (263)        (3)         (5)
                                                              -------    
-------    -------    -------    
--------
      Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities...     (173)    (7,479)     4,381         (3)     (9,517)
                                                              
-------    -------    
-------    -------    
--------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  
Payment of dividends to stockholders......................   (1,034)    (5,356)       (17)        --      (2,522)
  Proceeds from issuance of note payable to Dassault
    Systemes................................................       --      7,000         --         --          --
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Dassault
    Systemes................................................       --      7,000         --         --          --
  Payment of note payable resulting from acquisitions.......       --        (35)      (405)      (355)         --
    Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities.....   (1,034)     8,609       (422)      (355)     (2,522)
                                                              -------    
-------    -------    -------    
--------
    Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents....    2,163        (79)     5,806        161     (11,525)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period............    
5,750      7,913      7,834      7,834      13,640
                                                              -------    
-------    -------    -------    
--------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period..................  $ 7,913    $ 7,834    $13,640    $ 7,995    $  2,115
                                                              =======    =======    =======    =======    ========
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information cash paid
  for taxes.................................................  $   436    $   586    $ 6,509    $   407    $  5,004
                                                              =======    =======    =======    =======    ========
Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing
  activities:
Issuance of note payable in exchange for acquisition of the
  net assets of Semcor, Inc.................................       --         --    $    84         --          --
                                                              =======    =======    =======    =======    ========
Issuance of note payable in exchange for acquisition of the
  net assets of Cascade CAD/CAM Associates, Inc.............       --    $   385         --         --          --
                                                              =======    =======    =======    =======    ========
Issuance of note payable in exchange for acquisition of the
  net assets of CAD/CAM Support Alliance, Inc...............       --    $     5         --         --          --
                                                              =======    =======    =======    =======    ========

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      
F-5

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    On May 5, 1999, Advanced Enterprise Solutions, Inc. was incorporated in the
state of Delaware.
Concurrently, Tyra Technologies, Inc. (Tyra) and MicroCad
Technologies, Inc. (MicroCad) effected a reorganization pursuant to which Tyra
and MicroCad became wholly owned subsidiaries of Advanced Enterprise
Solutions Inc., (collectively, the Company) in a manner similar to a pooling of
interests as all entities were under common control through common stock
ownership.
Accordingly, the assets and liabilities of MicroCad and Tyra have
been consolidated as wholly owned subsidiaries of Advanced Enterprise
Solutions, Inc. and presented on a historical-cost basis.
All share information
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements has been stated as if the
reorganization had been effected as of January 1, 1998.

    
In June 1999, the shareholders approved the dissolution of MicroCad and
distributed the remaining net assets of $443,000, primarily in cash, to the
stockholders in the form of a cash distribution.
However, subsequent to its
dissolution, the activities, customer relationships and employees continued to
operate through Tyra.

    
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Advanced
Enterprise Solutions, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, MicroCad through
the date of dissolution and Tyra for all periods presented.
All intercompany
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

    
In May 2000, the Company's stockholders approved an 8,672.72-for-1 stock
split of common stock.
In January 2001, the stockholders then approved a
1-for-8,672.72 reverse stock split.
All common stock information has been
adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split as if such events had taken place at
the inception of the Company.

    
The Company provides technology solutions, including consulting, software,
hardware, services, support and training.
The Company sells products primarily
in North America to engineering, design and manufacturing companies.

    
(a)  INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    The interim consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2001 and for
    the three months ended March 31, 2000 and 2001 included herein have been
    prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and
    regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Certain information
    and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared
    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been
    condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.
The Company
    believes the disclosures included in the unaudited consolidated financial
    statements, when read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2000
    consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto are adequate to make
    the information presented not misleading.

    
The unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein reflect all
    adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair
    presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flows as
    of the dates and for the periods presented.
These adjustments are of a
    normal, recurring nature.
The results of operations for the three months
    ended March 31, 2001

                                      F-6

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for
    future quarters or the year ending December 31, 2001.

    (b)  USE OF ESTIMATES

    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
    accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
    assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
    statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ materially
    from those estimates.

    
(c)  REVENUE RECOGNITION

    Revenue from systems is derived from the resale of computer hardware and
    operating systems and is recognized at the time of shipment when title and
    risk of loss pass to the customer.
Shipping and handling revenues are
    included in product revenues and costs are included in product costs.

    
Service revenue resulting from consulting, integration or training services
    is recognized when the service is provided and the revenue has been earned.
    
Commission-based revenue is earned from the resale of products provided by a
    certain supplier (note 4).
Such commissions are recognized as revenue when
    the products are sold to the end customer.

    
The Company, under specific conditions, permits its customers to return or
    exchange products.
The provision for estimated sales returns is recorded
    concurrently with the recognition of revenue.

    
In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
    Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements
    (SAB 101).
SAB 101 summarizes certain areas of the Staff's views in applying
    generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial
    statements.
The Company believes that its current revenue recognition
    policies comply with SAB 101.

    
(d)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

    The Company considers investments with original maturities of three months
    or less to be cash equivalents.
At December 31, 1999 and 2000, the Company's
    cash equivalents principally consisted of commercial paper.

    
(e)  SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

    Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in commercial paper
    with original maturities greater than ninety days and less than one year.
    
The short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale securities
    and are carried at their estimated fair market value based on current market
    quotes.
The Company classifies these investments as available-for-sale and
    has recognized a $8,000 and $3,000 unrealized loss in the value of those
    investments as a component of the Company's other comprehensive income as of
    December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively.
Realized gains and losses on sales
    of investment securities are included in the consolidated

                                      F-7

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    statements of income and have not been material for any period presented.
As
    of December 31, 1999 and 2000, the Company's short-term investments had a
    fair market value of $7,117,000 and $2,479,000, respectively.

    (f)  TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

    Accounts receivable are reported net of allowances for doubtful accounts
    which totaled $179,000 and $462,000 as of December 31, 1999 and 2000,
    respectively.
The Company's revenue is generated from customers in
    diversified industries, primarily located in North America.
The Company
    performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not
    require collateral.
The Company maintains reserves for potential credit
    losses and such losses have historically been within management's
    expectations.

    
(g)  INVENTORY

    Inventory consists of computer hardware and software and is stated at the
    lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market (net realizable value).
All
    inventory products represent finished goods as of December 31, 1999 and
    2000.

    
(h)  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation.
    
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated
    useful lives of the assets, ranging from three years for computer-related
    equipment to seven years for furniture and fixtures.

    
(i)  IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND LONG-LIVED ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED OF

    The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions
    of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 121, ACCOUNTING
    FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND FOR LONG-LIVED ASSETS TO BE
    DISPOSED OF.
This Statement requires that long-lived assets and certain
    identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or
    changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
    not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured
    by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net
    undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.
If such
    assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is
    measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds
    the fair value of the assets.
Assets to be disposed of are reported at the
    lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.

    
(j)  ADVERTISING COSTS

    The Company receives reimbursement from certain manufacturers for certain
    promotional and marketing activities which are recorded as a reduction of
    selling and marketing expense when earned.
The cost of advertising is
    expensed as incurred.

                                      
F-8

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    (k)  ROYALTIES TO THIRD PARTIES

    
The Company has agreements with third parties requiring the payment of
    royalties for sales of third party products.
Royalties are charged to cost
    of revenue.

    
(l)  INCOME TAXES

    Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
    
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future consequences
    attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement
    carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
    bases and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards.
Deferred tax assets
    and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
    taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
    expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and
    liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
    that includes the enactment date.

    
MicroCad elected to be taxed as a Subchapter S Corporation wherein the
    entity was not directly liable for federal income taxes.
For federal income
    tax purposes, taxable net income was passed through to the stockholders and
    included on the stockholders' federal and state income tax returns.

    
(m)  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

    The Company applies the intrinsic value-based method of accounting for its
    stock options and has provided in note 7 the pro forma net earnings as if
    the fair value method had been applied in measuring compensation expense.

    (n)  CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK

    Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant
    concentrations of credit risk consists principally of trade accounts
    receivable.
Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts
    receivable are limited due to the number of entities and the size of those
    entities comprising the Company's customer base.

    
(o)  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    The Company's financial instruments, including cash equivalents, accounts
    receivable and accounts payable, are carried at historical cost, which
    approximate their fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
    instruments.

    
(p)  IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

    
In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133,
    Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, as amended by
    SFAS No. 137, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
    Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date of SFAS No. 133, which is
    required to be adopted in all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.
    
Management does

                                      F-9

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    not anticipate that the adoption of the new Statement will have a
    significant effect on earnings or the financial position of the Company
    because the Company currently does not use derivative instruments or engage
    in hedging activities.


(2) ACQUISITIONS

    On March 31, 2000, the Company acquired certain of the assets and
liabilities of Semcor, Inc. (Semcor) in exchange for $50,000 in cash and options
to purchase 572 shares of the Company's subsidiary common stock at $1.00 per
share.
Semcor provides value-added sales and support services for computer-aided
design/computer aided manufacturing/computer aided engineering software and
hardware.
The agreement also required the Company to pay certain earn-outs to
the former owners of Semcor based upon the future operating performance of
Semcor, as defined in the agreement.
The Company paid no earn-outs for the years
ended December 31, 1999 and 2000.

    
During 1999, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and
liabilities of Cascade CAD/ CAM Associates, Inc. (Cascade) and CAD/CAM Support
Alliance, Inc. (CCSA) in exchange for an aggregate of $355,000 in cash and
options to purchase 1,000 shares of the Company's subsidiary common stock at
$1.00 per share.
The agreements also required the Company to pay certain
earn-outs to the former owners of Cascade and CCSA based upon the future
operating performances of those entities, as defined in the agreements.
The
Company paid approximately $18,000 of such earn-outs to Cascade during 2000
which have been included in selling, general and administrative expense.
No
earn-outs have been paid in conjunction with the CCSA acquisition for the years
ended December 31, 1999 and 2000.

    
The acquisitions of Semcor, Cascade and CCSA were accounted for as purchases
by the Company and, accordingly, the results of operations from these assets
since the date of the acquisition are included in the Company's consolidated
statements of operations.
The intrinsic value of the stock options was not
deemed to be material on the date of grant.
No goodwill was recorded as a result
of the acquisitions as the net fair value of the assets acquired approximated
the consideration paid.
No accrual for the earn-outs was made at the time of the
acquisition as the amount of such earn-outs was not probable and could not be
readily determinable at that time.
The earn-outs will be included in selling,
general and administrative expense.

    
The pro-forma effect of the Semcor, Cascade and CCSA acquisitions as if they
had occurred on January 1, 1998, individually and on a combined basis, is
immaterial to the consolidated financial statements presented herein.

                                      
F-10

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(3) PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Property and equipment, at cost, consists of the following:

                                                    DECEMBER 31,
                                              
-------------------------    MARCH 31,
                                                1999          2000           2001
                                              --------   --------------   -----------
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)   (UNAUDITED)

Computer equipment..........................   
$1,497        $1,441          $1,445
Furniture and fixtures......................       39           113             114
Automobiles.................................        9            --              --
                                               ------        ------          
------
                                                1,545         1,554           1,559
Less accumulated depreciation...............     (958)         (955)         (1,026)
                                               ------        ------          ------
  Property and equipment, net...............   $  587        $  599          $  533
                                               ======        ======          ======

    Depreciation expense on property and equipment for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 was $345,000, $283,000 and $285,000,
respectively.


(4) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    (a)  DASSAULT SYSTEMES OF AMERICA CORPORATION

    
In May 1999, Dassault Systemes of America Corporation (Dassault) purchased
    209 shares of the Company's common stock in exchange for $7,000,000 cash.
As
    of December 31, 1999 and 2000, this represented approximately 19% of the
    outstanding common stock of the Company.
The Company, in turn, declared a
    dividend of $7,000,000 payable to the stockholders, excluding Dassault.
As
    of December 31, 1999 and 2000, approximately $2,539,000 and $2,522,000,
    respectively, of dividends remained unpaid.
In March 2001, the Company paid
    the outstanding balance in full to the stockholders.

    
In addition, the Company received a loan in the principal amount of
    $7,000,000 from Dassault in May 1999.
The Company will repay the principal
    balance of the loan from commissions earned by selling Dassault products.
    
The loan bears interest at 3.2% per annum.
Dassault subsequently agreed to
    forgive the accrued interest on the loan for the years ended December 31,
    1999 and 2000.
Accordingly, no interest expense has been recorded in
    conjunction with the note payable to Dassault for 1999 and 2000.

    
To the extent that any amount remains outstanding as of June 2003, the
    repayment of the outstanding note balance will not have to be made if there
    has been a change in Dassault's strategic direction, business difficulties,
    U.S. product roll-out difficulties or quality problems, and if such change
    results in certain consequences, such as a decrease in revenue, as defined.
    
If such events do not occur, the outstanding balance will become due in
    June 2003.
While the balance can be reduced each year through earned
    commissions, the entire balance has been reflected as long-term in the
    accompanying consolidated balance sheets as no payment is due in the
    upcoming year.

                                      F-11

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)


(4) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with Dassault, the Company earned
    $2,000,000 in commissions during the year ended December 31, 2000, which
    have been applied against the loan.
As of December 31, 2000, the note
    payable balance of $5,000,000 remains outstanding.
The earned commissions
    have been recorded as sales commission revenues from related party in the
    accompanying consolidated financial statements.

    
(b)  DISTRIBUTION TO RELATED ENTITY

    In 1998, the Company distributed certain assets with a carrying value of
    $948,000 to an entity under common control.
The distribution has been
    recorded as a reduction of retained earnings since it represents a
    distribution for the benefit of the stockholders.


(5) TAXES BASED ON INCOME

    
The provision for taxes based on income consists of the following:

                                                                           THREE MONTHS
                                             YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,          ENDED
                                          ------------------------------    MARCH 31,
                                            1998       1999       2000         2001
                                          --------   
--------   --------   ------------
                                                  
(IN THOUSANDS)           (UNAUDITED)

Current:
  Federal...............................   $1,155     $  901     $3,789        $282
  State.................................      252        179        751          56
                                           ------     ------     
------        ----
                                            1,407      1,080      4,540         338
Deferred, primarily federal.............     (894)       526       (163)        308
                                           ------     
------     ------        
----
Provision for income taxes..............   $  513     $1,606     $4,377        $646
                                           ======     ======     ======        ====

    The following table reconciles the income tax computed at the statutory
federal income tax rate of 34% to the provision for income taxes for the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and for the three months ended March 31,
2001:

                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,       THREE MONTHS
                                                        1999                   ENDED
                                           ------------------------------    MARCH 31,
                                             1998       1999       2000         2001
                                           --------   --------   --------   ------------
                                                   (IN THOUSANDS)           (UNAUDITED)

Income tax provision at statutory federal
  income tax rate........................    $450      $1,412     $3,806        $553
Increase related to:
  State income taxes, net of deferral
    benefits.............................      61         184        477          71
  Nondeductible expenses.................       2          10         94          22
                                             ----      ------     
------        ----
    Provision for income taxes...........    $513      $1,606     $4,377        $646
                                             ====      ======     ======        ====

                                      F-12

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(5) TAXES BASED ON INCOME (CONTINUED)
    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax assets as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 and
March 31, 2001 are as follows:

                                                         DECEMBER 31,
                                                    -----------------------    MARCH 31,
                                                      1999           2000        2001
                                                    --------       --------   -----------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)        (UNAUDITED)

Inventory.........................................    $ 60           $123         $ 20
Benefits and compensation.........................      32            200          214
Allowance for doubtful accounts...................       8             53           31
Other.............................................     406            293           96
                                                      ----           
----         
----
  Total deferred tax assets.......................     506            669         $361
Valuation allowance...............................      --             --           --
                                                      
----           ----         
----
  Net deferred tax assets.........................    $506           $669         $361
                                                      ====           ====         ====

    The balance sheet presentation of the net deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                          DECEMBER 31,         MARCH 31,
                                                     ----------------------      2001
                                                       1999          2000     (UNAUDITED)
                                                     
--------      --------   -----------
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)       (UNAUDITED)

Long-term deferred income taxes, net...............    $ 81          $293         $ 97
Current deferred tax charges.......................     425           376          264
                                                       ----          
----         
----
  Net deferred tax assets..........................    $506          $669         $361
                                                       ====          ====         ====

    In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers
whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the
projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment.
Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections
for future taxable income over the periods which the deferred tax assets are
deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not the Company will
realize the benefits of these deductible differences at December 31, 2000.
The
amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be
reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the
carryforward period are reduced.

                                      
F-13

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(6) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

(a) LEASES

    The Company leases facilities and equipment under various operating lease
    agreements, which range from one to five years, which require the following
    minimum annual rental commitments:

                                                                  AMOUNT
                                                              --------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS)

Year ending December 31:
2001........................................................       $556
2002........................................................        254
2003........................................................        297
2004........................................................        180
2005........................................................         14

    
For the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, the combined annual
    rental cost for various facilities and equipment under operating leases
    approximated $550,000, $658,000 and $949,000, respectively.
In most cases,
    management expects that, in the normal course of business, leases will be
    renewed or replaced by others.


(b) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN

    The Company sponsors a defined contribution plan (the Plan) covering the
    majority of its full time employees.
Participants may make voluntary pre-tax
    contributions to the Plan up to the limit as permitted by law.
Annual
    contributions to the Plan by the Company are discretionary.
The Company made
    no contributions to the Plan during each of the years in the three-year
    period ended December 31, 2000.

(c) LITIGATION

    The Company is, from time to time, involved in legal proceedings, claims and
    litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.
Based on facts
    currently available, management believes such matters will not have a
    material adverse affect on the Company's consolidated financial position,
    results of operations or cash flows.


(7) STOCK OPTION PLAN OF SUBSIDIARY

    The shareholders of the Company's subsidiary, Tyra, have granted stock
options to purchase shares of Tyra's common stock to employees; however, no
formalized stock option plan has been adopted.
Options generally have a maximum
term of ten years and cliff vest after a period of continuous employment of five
years, except for certain options issued in conjunction with the Company's
acquisitions, which provide for a three-year vesting period.
No contractual
obligation exists to convert the Tyra stock options into common shares of the
Company.

                                      
F-14

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(7) STOCK OPTION PLAN OF SUBSIDIARY (CONTINUED)
    
A summary of stock option activity for Tyra is as follows:

                                                                  WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                                                       OPTIONS     EXERCISE PRICE
                                                       -------    ----------------

Outstanding at December 31, 1997.....................   38,100         $1.00
  Granted............................................   19,500          1.00
                                                        ------         
-----
Outstanding at December 31, 1998.....................   
57,600          1.00
  Granted............................................   16,489          1.00
  Canceled...........................................   (1,500)         1.00
                                                        ------         
-----
Outstanding at December 31, 1999.....................   72,589          1.00
  Granted............................................    
8,293          1.00
  Canceled...........................................   (6,700)         1.00
                                                        ------         
-----
Outstanding at December 31, 2000.....................   74,182          1.00
  Granted (unaudited)................................      
500          1.00
                                                        ------         
-----
Outstanding at March 31, 2001 (unaudited)............   
74,682          1.00
                                                        ======         =====

    At December 31, 2000, no options were exercisable and the weighted-average
remaining contractual life for stock options outstanding was 7.0 years.

    
The Company applies Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25 in
accounting for its stock option plan and, accordingly, no compensation cost has
been recognized for stock options issued to employees in the consolidated
financial statements.
Pro forma information regarding net income per share is
required by SFAS No. 123 and has been determined as if the Company had accounted
for its employee stock options granted under the fair value method of that
statement.
The fair values for these options were estimated at the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
The assumptions used for each of
the latest three fiscal years and resulting estimate of weighted-average fair
value per share of options granted during those years are as follows:

                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                    ------------------------------
                                                      1998       1999       2000
                                                    --------   --------   
--------

Dividend yield....................................       
--%        --%        --%
Risk-free interest rate...........................      4.5        6.1        5.3
Expected life of option...........................  3 years    3 years    3 years
Weighted-average fair value of options granted
  during the year.................................  $   .13    $   .17    $   .15
                                                    =======    =======    =======

                                      F-15

                      ADVANCED ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                   THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                 (INFORMATION AS OF MARCH 31, 2001 AND FOR THE
            THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001 IS UNAUDITED)

(7) STOCK OPTION PLAN OF SUBSIDIARY (CONTINUED)
    
For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the
options are amortized to pro forma net income over the options' vesting period.

The Company's pro forma information for each of the last three fiscal years
follows:

                                                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,

                                                       
------------------------------
                                                         1998       1999       2000
                                                       --------   --------   --------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)

Net income:
  As reported........................................    $810      $2,547     $6,817
                                                         ====      ======     ======
  Pro forma..........................................    $808      $2,544     $6,816
                                                         ====      ======     ======

(8) SUBSEQUENT EVENT

    On May 2, 2001, the Company signed a definitive merger agreement to be
acquired by MSC.Software Corporation, a publicly traded information technology
software and services provider.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company's
stockholders (other than Dassault) will receive a combination of $20 million in
cash, promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to $20 million,
subject to adjustment, and up to 3,511,774 shares of MSC.Software Corporation
common stock.
In addition, MSC.Software Corporation will assume certain
outstanding employee stock options, which will be converted into options to
acquire up to approximately 700,000 shares
o MSC Software common stock.
The
promissory notes to be issued to stockholders of the Company (other than
Dassault)
will mature in 2003 on the anniversary of the consummation of the
acquisition of the Company, and will bear interest at the rate of 7% per annum.

The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals and is expected to close in
the third quarter of fiscal 2001.

                                      
F-16

                                   APPENDIX A
                      MSC.SOFTWARE AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER
                                 MARCH 8, 2001

ORGANIZATION

    The Audit Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors to assist the
directors in fulfilling their responsibility to the shareholders, potential
shareholders, and investment community regarding the quality and integrity of
the Company's financial statements and financial reporting process, the systems
of internal accounting and financial control, and compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements.

    
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors shall be comprised of at least
three directors, all of whom shall have no relationship to the Company that may
interfere with the exercise of their independence from management and the
Company.
All Audit Committee members will be financially literate, and at least
one member will have accounting or related financial management expertise.


RESPONSIBILITIES

    The primary responsibility of the Audit Committee is to oversee the
Company's financial reporting process on behalf of the Board.
Management is
responsible for preparing the Company's financial statements, and the
independent auditors are responsible for auditing those financial statements.

The Audit Committee should take the appropriate actions to set the overall
corporate tone for quality financial reporting, sound business risk practices,
and ethical behavior.

    
The Audit Committee shall:

    - Review and reassess this Charter at least annually and recommend any
      proposed changes to the Board for approval.

    - Recommend to the Board the selection of the independent auditors, subject
      to shareholders' approval.

    - Establish a clear understanding with the independent auditors that they
      are ultimately accountable to the Audit Committee and the Board of
      Directors who have authority in deciding to engage, evaluate or terminate
      their services.

    
- Review with management the Company's quarterly financial statements prior
      to the press release of results.
Meet with the independent auditors prior
      to the filing of the Form 10-Q to discuss results of the quarterly review
      and any other matters required to be communicated to the committee by the
      independent auditors.
The chair of the committee may represent the entire
      committee at the quarterly meeting with the independent auditors.

    - Review with management and the independent auditors the annual audited
      financial statements.

    - Review with financial management and the independent auditors the results
      of their timely analysis of significant financial reporting issues and
      practices.
Also, review with financial management and the independent
      auditors their judgments about the quality and reasonableness of the
      financial statements.

    - Meet with the independent auditors and financial management of the Company
      to review the scope and plans for the proposed annual audit and quarterly
      reviews and approve the independent auditor's compensation.

    - At the conclusion of the annual audit, meet with the independent auditors
      to discuss the results of their examinations including any comments or
      recommendations.

                                      A-1

    - Discuss with the auditors their independence from management and the
      Company including the matters in the written disclosures required by the
      Independence Standards Boards and shall consider the compatibility of
      nonaudit services with the auditors' independence.

    - Discuss the results of the annual audit with the board of directors.

    - Review with the independent auditors and financial management personnel,
      the adequacy and effectiveness of the accounting and financial controls of
      the Company.
Elicit any recommendations for the improvement of such
      internal controls.

    
- Provide sufficient opportunity for the independent auditors to meet with
      the members of the audit committee without members of management present.
      
Among the items to be discussed in these meetings are the independent
      auditors' evaluation of the company's financial management personnel, the
      cooperation that the independent auditors received during the course of
      audit, and any other concerns that the independent auditors may have.

    
- Investigate any matter brought to the Audit Committee's attention within
      the scope of its duties, with full access to all books, records,
      facilities and personnel of the Company and the power to retain outside
      counsel or other experts for this purpose.

    
- Maintain free and open communication between the directors, the
      independent auditors, and the management of the company.

                                      
A-2

                                   APPENDIX B
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

    This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of May 2, 2001, among MSC.Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), AES Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Advanced Enterprise Solutions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Company").

                                    RECITALS

    A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), Parent and
Company intend to enter into a business combination transaction.

    
B.  Concurrently herewith, Parent, Dassault Systemes of America Corp.
("DSA") and Dassault Systemes are entering into that certain Stock Purchase
Agreement, dated the date hereof (the "Stock Agreement"), pursuant to which
Parent will acquire all the capital stock of Company held by DSA.

    
C.  The Board of Directors and the stockholders of Company have
(i) determined that the Merger (as defined in Section 1.1) is consistent with,
and in furtherance of, the long-term business strategy of Company and is fair
to, and in the best interests of, Company and its stockholders, and
(ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

    
D. The Board of Directors of Parent has (i) determined that the Merger is
consistent with, and in furtherance of, the long-term business strategy of
Parent and is fair to, and in the best interests of, Parent and its
stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) determined to recommend
that the stockholders of Parent approve the issuance of the Parent Common Stock
(as defined below) in connection with the Merger and the Stock Agreement.

    
E.  Concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
stockholders of Company are executing and delivering the Stockholders Agreement
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Stockholders Agreement") and any
person becoming a stockholder of Company prior to the Effective Date (as defined
herein) shall execute the Stockholders Agreement.

    
F.  As a condition to the obligations of Parent to consummate the Merger,
Company will cause the termination of that certain Software Distribution
Agreement, dated June 7, 1999, between DSA and Subsidiary (as hereafter defined)
(the "Software Distribution Agreement").

    
G.
As a condition to the obligations of the parties hereto to consummate the
Merger, DSA, Parent and Company shall execute the Document of Understanding, as
referred to in Section 6.1(e).

    
H. As a condition to the obligations of the parties to consummate the
Merger, Parent shall assume that certain Promissory Note of Subsidiary (as
defined in Section 2.3 hereof), dated June 22, 1999, as amended by a letter
agreement dated December 16, 1999, issued to Dassault Systemes (the "DSA
Promissory Note").

    
I.  
The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of
reorganization within Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code").

                                      
B-1

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                   
THE MERGER

    1.1  THE MERGER.  
At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and
subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the applicable
provisions of the DGCL and the consummation of the Stock Agreement, Company
shall be merged with and into Merger Sub (the "Merger"), the separate corporate
existence of Company shall cease and Merger Sub shall continue as the surviving
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
Merger Sub as the surviving
corporation after the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation."

    1.2  EFFECTIVE TIME; CLOSING.  
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a
Certificate of Merger in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant
provisions of DGCL (the "Merger Documents") (the time of such filing being the
"Effective Time") as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date (as herein
defined).
The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the
offices of O'Melveny & Myers LLP, 400 South Hope Street, Los Angeles,
California, at a time and date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no
later than the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI, or at such other time, date and location as
the parties hereto agree in writing (the "Closing Date").

    1.3  EFFECT OF THE MERGER.  
At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the
DGCL.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Surviving
Corporation shall possess all the rights, privileges, powers and franchises, and
shall be subject to all the debts, restrictions, disabilities and duties, of
Company and Merger Sub, all without further act or deed.

    
1.4  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION; BYLAWS.

        
(a)
At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of the
    Surviving Corporation shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger
    Sub.

        (b) The Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
    Effective Time, shall be, at the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the Surviving
    Corporation until thereafter amended.

    
1.5  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.  
The initial directors of the Surviving
Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time, until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualified.
The initial officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be the
officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their
respective successors are duly appointed.

    
1.6  EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK.  
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of the following
securities, the following shall occur:

        (a)  CONVERSION OF COMPANY STOCK.  
All of the shares of the Company's
    Common Stock, $0.01 par value (the "Company Stock"), issued and outstanding
    immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Company Stock
    to be purchased by Parent under the Stock Agreement) will be canceled and
    extinguished and automatically converted (subject to Sections 1.6(d) and
    1.6(g)) and upon surrender of the certificate representing shares of Company
    Stock in the manner provided in Section 1.7 (or in the case of a lost,
    stolen or destroyed certificate, upon delivery of an affidavit and
    indemnity, if required, pursuant to Section 1.9), into the right to receive
    in the

                                      B-2

    aggregate (i) cash equal to $20,000,000 (the "Cash Portion"), (ii) an
    aggregate principal amount of Promissory Notes in the form and having the
    terms set forth in Exhibit E hereto (the "Promissory Notes") equal to the
    result of $20,000,000 minus the product of the Net Worth Adjustment (as
    defined below), if any, multiplied by the Stockholders Factor (as defined
    below), and (iii) a number of shares of the Common Stock, $0.01 par value
    per share, of Parent (the "Parent Common Stock") determined by subtracting
    from 6,000,000 the sum of (1) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock
    constituting the Purchase Price under the Stock Agreement, and (2) the
    Option Shares (as defined below) (collectively, the "Merger Consideration").
    
The term "Stockholders Factor" means the percentage (calculated to five
    decimal points) determined by dividing (A) the total number of shares of
    Company Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, excluding
    the shares of Company Stock to be sold to Parent under the Stock Agreement,
    by (B) the sum of the total number of shares of Company Stock outstanding
    immediately prior to the Effective Time (including the shares of Company
    Stock to be sold to Parent under the Stock Agreement) plus all shares of the
    Company Stock then issuable upon conversion of any convertible securities or
    the exercise of any options or warrants.
The term "Option Shares" means ten
    percent of the result of (x) 100,000,000 minus the Net Worth Adjustment, if
    any, multiplied by (y) the Option Factor (as defined below).
The term
    "Option Factor" means the percentage (calculated to five decimal points)
    determined by dividing (I) the total number of shares of Company Stock
    immediately prior to the Effective Time issuable upon conversion of any
    convertible securities or the exercise of any options or warrants (the
    "Diluting Shares"), by (II) the sum of the total number of shares of Company
    Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time plus the Diluting
    Shares.
Each share of Company Stock issued and outstanding prior to the
    Effective Time will be converted (subject to Sections 1.6(d) and 1.6(g))
    into the right to receive the Cash Portion of the Merger Consideration, the
    aggregate principal amount of the Promissory Notes constituting a portion of
    the Merger Consideration and the number of shares of Parent Common Stock
    constituting a portion of the Merger Consideration, in each case divided by
    the number of Outstanding Shares (as defined below).
The term "Outstanding
    Shares" means the total number of shares of Company Stock outstanding
    immediately prior to the Effective Time, excluding the shares of Company
    Stock to be sold by DSA to Parent under the Stock Agreement.

    
The shares of Parent Common Stock referred to in this
Section 1.6(a)(iii) shall be adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any stock
split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of stock
convertible into Parent stock, whether common stock or preferred stock),
reorganization, recapitalization or other similar change with respect to Parent
stock after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time, but no adjustment
will be made for the issuance of Parent Common Stock upon exercise of Company
Stock Options (as defined below).

        (b)  NET WORTH ADJUSTMENT.  
Company shall deliver to Parent a
    consolidated balance sheet of Company as of the end of the last fiscal
    quarter ending prior to the Effective Date (the "Balance Sheet") and the
    related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
    flows, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
    ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis with the Financial Statements (as
    defined in Section 2.7), (i) making all ordinary period end adjustments in
    accordance with GAAP, (ii) disregarding any foreign exchange effects
    materially different from the foreign exchange effects reflected in the
    Financial Statements and expenses of this transaction not in excess of
    $150,000 and (iii) including in stockholders equity the then aggregate
    principal amount of the DSA Promissory Note.
"Net Worth Adjustment" shall be
    the amount, if any, by which stockholders equity on the Balance Sheet is
    less than $19,000,000.

        
(c)  ESCROW AGREEMENT.  
Parent shall establish and maintain an escrow
    (the "Escrow Account") comprised of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to
    the sum of (i) the product of (A) the Stockholders Factor multiplied by the
    result of 100,000,000 minus the Net Worth

                                      B-3

    Adjustment, if any, divided by (B) 100 (rounded to the nearest whole number
    of shares of Parent Common Stock), and (ii) 250,000 additional shares of
    Parent Common Stock (collectively, the "Shares"), and shall designate and
    appoint U.S. Trust Company of California or such other third party escrow
    agent that is acceptable to Parent and the Stockholders' Agent (as defined
    in the Stockholders Agreement) in connection therewith (the "Escrow Agent")
    to serve in accordance with the Escrow Agreement attached as Exhibit B
    hereto (the "Escrow Agreement") to be entered into among Parent, the Escrow
    Agent and the Stockholders' Agent at Closing.
Any disbursements of Shares to
    Parent or any other indemnified party shall be treated as a reduction of the
    aggregate purchase price under this Agreement.

        
(d)  CANCELLATION OF PARENT-OWNED STOCK.  
Each share of Company Stock
    held by Company or owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct or indirect
    wholly owned subsidiary of Company or of Parent immediately prior to the
    Effective Time, including the shares of Company Stock acquired by Parent
    pursuant to the Stock Agreement, shall be canceled and extinguished without
    any conversion thereof.

        
(e)  STOCK OPTIONS.  
At the Effective Date, all options to purchase
    Company Stock identified in Section 2.2 of the Company Schedule (as defined
    in Article II hereof) shall be assumed by Parent in accordance with
    Section 5.8 hereof.

        (f)  CAPITAL STOCK OF MERGER SUB.  
Each share of Common Stock, $0.01 par
    value per share, of Merger Sub (the "Merger Sub Common Stock") issued and
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding
    as shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.
Each certificate
    evidencing ownership of shares of Merger Sub Common Stock shall evidence
    ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

        
(g)  FRACTIONAL SHARES.  
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
    will be issued by virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof each holder of
    shares of Company Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a
    share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of
    Parent Common Stock that otherwise would be received by such holder) shall,
    upon surrender of such holder's Certificate(s)
(as defined in
    Section 1.7(b)) receive from Parent an amount of cash (rounded to the
    nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the product of (i) such
    fraction, multiplied by (ii) the average closing price of Parent Common
    Stock for the ten trading days immediately preceding the last full trading
    day prior to the Effective Time, as reported on The New York Stock Exchange
    ("NYSE").

    
1.7  SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES.

        
(a)  EXCHANGE AGENT.  
Parent shall act as the exchange agent in the
    Merger.

        (b)  EXCHANGE PROCEDURES.  
As soon as practicable after the Effective
    Time, but in no event later than ten days after the Effective Time, Parent
    shall mail to each holder of record (as of the Effective Time) of a
    certificate or certificates (the "Certificates"), which immediately prior to
    the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Stock whose
    shares were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
    cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(g) and any
    dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 1.7(c), (i) a letter of
    transmittal in customary form (which shall specify that delivery shall be
    effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
    upon delivery of the Certificates to Parent and shall contain such other
    provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use
    in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
    Consideration, cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to
    Section 1.6(g) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to
    Section 1.7(c).
Upon surrender of the Certificates for cancellation to
    Parent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent,
    together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly
    executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, the holders of such

                                      B-4

    Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger
    Consideration, payment in lieu of fractional shares which such holders have
    the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.6(g) and any dividends or
    distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(c), and the Certificates so
    surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.
Until so surrendered, outstanding
    Certificates will be deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all
    corporate purposes, subject to Section 1.7(c) as to the payment of
    dividends, to evidence only the right to receive the Merger Consideration
    and the right to receive an amount in cash in lieu of the issuance of any
    fractional shares in accordance with Section 1.6(g) and any dividends or
    distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(c).

        (c)  DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES.  
No dividends or
    other distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with
    respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time
    will be paid to the holders of any unsurrendered Certificates with respect
    to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holders
    of record of such Certificates shall surrender such Certificates.
Subject to
    applicable law, following surrender of any such Certificates, Parent shall
    deliver to the record holders thereof, without interest, the amount of any
    such dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective
    Time payable with respect to whole shares of Parent Common Stock received by
    such record holder pursuant to this Agreement.

        
(d)  TRANSFERS OF OWNERSHIP.  
If certificates representing shares of
    Parent Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in which the
    Certificates surrendered in exchange therefor are registered, it will be a
    condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificates so surrendered will
    be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the
    persons requesting such exchange will have paid to Parent or any agent
    designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
    issuance of certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock in any
    name other than that of the registered holder of the Certificates
    surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent
    designated by it that such tax has been paid or is not payable.

        
(e)  NO LIABILITY.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
    Section 1.7, neither Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor any party hereto
    shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common Stock or Company
    Stock for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to any
    applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

    
1.8  NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY STOCK.  
Delivery of the Merger
Consideration (together with any cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to
Sections 1.6(g) and 1.7(c)) shall be deemed to have been delivered in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Stock, and there
shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving
Corporation of shares of Company Stock which were outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time.
If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented
to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and
exchanged as provided in this Article I.

    1.9  LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES.  
In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent shall issue in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, the Merger Consideration, cash for
fractional shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to Section 1.6(g) and any
dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(c)
; provided,
however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the
issuance of the Merger Consideration, cash and other distributions, require the
owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver an indemnity
agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to Parent as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against Parent or the Surviving Corporation
with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

                                      B-5

    1.10  TAKING OF NECESSARY ACTION; FURTHER ACTION.  
If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, the current officers and directors of
Company and Merger Sub will take all such lawful and necessary action.

                                   
ARTICLE II
                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

    Except as otherwise disclosed in the Company disclosure schedule attached
hereto (the "Company Schedule"), Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent and Merger Sub as follows as of the date hereof:

    2.1  CORPORATE ORGANIZATION.  
Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

Company has furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy of its Certificate
of Incorporation and By-Laws, as amended to the date hereof (the "Company
Charter Documents").
Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
own or lease its properties and assets and to conduct its business as now
conducted.
Company is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties
owned or leased by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to do so would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company.
As used in this Agreement, the phrase
"Material Adverse Effect on Company" means (i) as to matters which can
reasonably be quantified in economic terms, any effect which has resulted in or
would reasonably be expected to result in, with respect to Company or the
Subsidiary (as defined below), a diminution or decrease in the value of
properties or assets, an increase in liabilities or obligations (whether
accrued, contingent or otherwise), an adverse change in the business or
financial condition, or any combination thereof involving, individually or in
the aggregate, with respect to the applicable representation or warranty, more
than $250,000, (ii) as to matters which cannot reasonably be quantified in
economic terms, a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or
otherwise), business, assets, liabilities or results of operations of Company
and the Subsidiary considered as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on
the ability of Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

    
2.2  CAPITALIZATION OF COMPANY.  
The authorized capital stock of Company
consists of 10,000 shares of Company Common Stock.
As of the date hereof, 1,100
shares of Company Stock are issued and outstanding.
All of the outstanding
shares of Company Stock have been, and all of the shares of Company Common Stock
to be outstanding as of the Closing Date will be, duly authorized and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable and owned of record and beneficially as
set forth in Section 2.2 of the Company Schedule, free and clear of any liens,
claims, charges, security interests, options or other legal or equitable
encumbrances.
Except as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Company Schedule, there
are no outstanding options, warrants, agreements, conversion rights, preemptive
rights or other rights to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any
Company Stock or any unissued or treasury shares of the capital stock of Company
which have been issued, granted or entered into by Company.
All outstanding
shares of Company Stock have been, and all of the Company Stock Options (as
defined in Section 5.8 hereof) will be, issued and granted in all material
respects in compliance with applicable securities law and other requirements of
law.

    
2.3  SUBSIDIARIES AND EQUITY INVESTMENTS.  
Tyra Technologies, Inc., a
California corporation, is the only subsidiary of Company (the "Subsidiary").

Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the State of California and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties and assets and to
conduct its business as now conducted.
Subsidiary is qualified to do business as
a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the
character of the properties owned or leased by it or the nature of the

                                      B-6

business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the
failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse effect on Company.
The
outstanding capital stock of Subsidiary consisting of 1,000,000 shares of common
stock, of which 954,000 shares are issued and outstanding, have been duly
authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable, and are owned
beneficially and of record by Company, free and clear of all liens, claims,
charges or encumbrances.
There are no options, warrants, agreements, conversion
rights, preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire any of the capital stock of Subsidiary, except for options to
acquire 74,682 shares of the common stock of Subsidiary as set forth in
Section 2.3 of the Company Schedule.
Neither Company nor the Subsidiary has
agreed nor is obligated to make nor is bound by any written, oral or other
agreement, contract, subcontract, lease, binding understanding, instrument,
note, option, warranty, purchase order, license, sublicense, insurance policy,
benefit plan, commitment or undertaking of any nature, as of the date hereof or
as may hereafter be in effect, under which it may become obligated to make, any
future investment in or capital contribution to any other entity.
Neither
Company nor the Subsidiary directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar
interest in or any interest convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any
equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or
other business, association or entity (other than Company's ownership of equity
interests in Subsidiary).

    
2.4  CORPORATE AUTHORITY, ETC.  Company has the corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations
hereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of
Company's obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by the Board of
Directors and stockholders of Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the
part of Company are necessary to authorize such execution, delivery and
performance.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Company and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent and
Merger Sub, is a valid and legally binding obligation of Company, enforceable
against Company in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other laws relating to
or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and to general
equitable principles (regardless of whether at law or in equity).

    
2.5  NO VIOLATION.  
Subject to receipt of the consents, waivers,
authorizations and approvals or the making of the declarations or filings
referred to in Section 2.6 hereof, the execution, delivery and performance by
Company of this Agreement will not (a) violate any provision of any statute,
rule or regulation applicable to Company or Subsidiary or any order, judgment or
decree of any court, governmental or regulatory authority, or arbitrator to
which Company or Subsidiary is subject, (b) violate the Company Charter
Documents or the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Subsidiary,
(c) violate, conflict with or constitute (or, with due notice or lapse of time
or both, result in) a default under, or result in the acceleration of or entitle
any party to accelerate (whether after the giving of notice or lapse of time or
both) any obligation under, any provision of any material contract, lease, loan
agreement, mortgage, security agreement, trust indenture, license or other
agreement or instrument to which Company or Subsidiary is a party or by which it
is bound, or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or
encumbrance upon or security interest in any of the properties or assets of
Company or Subsidiary, that in the case of clauses (a), (c) or (d) would have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company or prevent the consummation of the Merger.

    
2.6  CONSENTS AND APPROVALS.  
Except for the applicable requirements of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"),
and the filing of the Merger Documents as required by the DGCL, and except as
set forth in Section 2.6 of the Company Schedule, no consent, waiver,
authorization or approval of any court, administrative agency, commission,
governmental or regulatory authority (a "Governmental Entity"), or of any other
person or entity, and no declaration to or filing with any such Governmental
Entity, is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Company or the performance by Company of its

                                      B-7

obligations hereunder, except for those as to which the failure to make, file,
give or obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or prevent
the consummation of the Merger.

    
2.7  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.  
Section 2.7
of the Company Schedule sets forth the audited consolidated balance sheets of
Company at December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the three years ended
December 31, 2000 (including the related notes thereto) of Company, prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (the "Financial Statements").
The Financial Statements are complete in
all material respects, and present the consolidated financial position and
consolidated results of operations of Company as of December 31, 2000 and 1999
and for the periods covered in accordance with GAAP, and comply as to form in
all material respects with applicable accounting requirements.
Except as
reflected, reserved against or otherwise disclosed in the Financial Statements
and liabilities incurred since December 31, 2000 in the ordinary course of
business, neither Company nor Subsidiary has any indebtedness or liability.

    
2.8  ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS; NO MATERIAL ADVERSE
CHANGE.  
Except as set forth in Section 2.8 of the Company Schedule, since
December 31, 2000, neither Company nor Subsidiary has taken any action of a type
referred to in Section 4.1 of this Agreement that would have required the
consent of Parent if such action were to have been taken during the period
between the date hereof and the Closing Date, and there has been no Material
Adverse Effect on Company.

    2.9  TAX MATTERS.

        
(a) For purposes of this Agreement, "Tax" or "Taxes" shall include any
    and all federal, state, county, local, foreign and other taxes, assessments
    and other governmental charges, including, without limitation, income, gross
    receipts, capital stock, franchise, profits, employee and payroll related,
    withholding, foreign withholding, social security, unemployment, disability,
    real property, personal property, stamp, excise, occupation, sales, use,
    transfer, value added, alternative minimum or estimated taxes, including any
    interest, penalties or additions to tax in respect of the foregoing.

        