URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/315189/000095013001503016/0000950130-01-503016.txt

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   In 2000, Deere developed a "green industry" strategy that was designed to
expand Deere's participation with landscape contractors and other landscape
professionals to increase the level of business these parties could transact
with Deere.
In the green industry area, Deere identified irrigation as a major
opportunity.
After studying the irrigation business and evaluating strategic
alternatives, Deere determined that the best strategy was to acquire entities
engaged in the distribution of products in the green industry, including
irrigation products and systems.
Deere subsequently identified several
companies, including Richton, which were in the irrigation equipment
distribution business.

   
On July 18, 2000, David Werning and Michael McGrady (current president and
vice president, respectively, of McGinnis Farms, Inc., doing business as John
Deere Landscapes, Inc.) met with Fred R. Sullivan, president, chief executive
officer and chairman of the board of Richton, and the chief financial officer
of Richton, in New York to explore the feasibility of a strategic transaction
involving Deere and Richton.
Mr. Sullivan advised the Deere representatives
that Richton was not for sale and that Richton intended to pursue its course of
expansion through acquisitions and the opening of new branches.
Informal
conversations between the parties continued from time to time over the next
eight weeks.

   
On October 6, 2000, Deere sent a letter to Mr. Sullivan expressing Deere's
interest in pursuing an acquisition of Richton.
On October 10, 2000, Deere
submitted to Richton a proposal indicating an interest in acquiring all of
Richton's common stock for $100 million.
The Richton board of directors, after
due consideration, made a determination that the indication of interest was too
preliminary in nature and below expectations in terms of price to warrant
further consideration at that time; and Richton's management reiterated its
intent to pursue its own strategic course.
On November 21, 2000, at the
invitation of Deere, Mr. Sullivan and Richton's CFO met with John Jenkins,
president of the worldwide commercial and consumer equipment division of Deere,
Robert Lane, chief executive officer of Deere, and Messrs. Werning and McGrady
at the corporate headquarters of Deere.
As a result of the discussions between
Mr. Sullivan and Deere, Deere indicated that it was prepared to increase the
proposed offer price.
Further discussions on the feasibility of a strategic
transaction as well as price and terms would ensue.

   
On December 4, 2000, members of Deere's management made a presentation to
the Deere board of directors during which they outlined a strategy to expand
participation in the green industry by acquiring companies.
Included in the
presentation was a discussion of possible terms for a proposed acquisition of
Richton.
Deere's board of directors authorized Deere's management to move
forward with its efforts to proceed with a business combination transaction
with Richton.
At this time, Richton made no similar authorization or
commitment.
Throughout this period, Richton continued to implement its existing
business/strategic plan.

   
On or about December 5, 2000, Deere indicated that it was prepared to make
an enhanced offer of $125 million on an all cash basis, with various transition
issues to be discussed.
On December 19, 2000, Deere representatives and
Richton's CFO and Richard Barnitt, a Richton director, met at Richton's offices
in New York City to discuss aspects of Deere's proposed offer of $125 million
and anticipated due diligence.
At the request of Mr. Sullivan, Deere's
representatives suggested that an exchange-of-stock pricing mechanism might be
arranged, as well as a cash offer.
As a precondition to formal consideration by
the Richton board, Richton representatives asked for clarification of Deere's
pricing mechanism.
During this time, Richton received unsolicited indications
of interest from other prospective strategic partners.

   
On January 9, 2001, Mr. Jenkins spoke with Mr. Sullivan regarding the
potential terms of a transaction.
During the conversation, Mr. Jenkins outlined
an offer with an exchange-of-stock pricing mechanism and aggregate
consideration of $125 million.
Under the terms of the discussion, Richton
shareholders would have the opportunity to elect to receive cash or Deere
common stock in exchange for their shares of Richton common stock, provided
that no more than 49% of the shares of Richton common stock could be exchanged
for cash.
On January 9, 2001, Deere sent Mr. Sullivan a letter summarizing the
potential terms of the transaction as discussed in the January 9, 2001
conversation between Messrs. Jenkins and Sullivan.

   
On January 10, 2001, Richton's management presented the Deere proposal for
consideration at a meeting of Richton's board of directors.
The Richton board
of directors formed a special committee of the board of directors for the
purpose of formally considering the Deere proposal and other strategic
alternatives including, but not limited to, Richton continuing with its
existing business plan.
The Richton board of directors gave the special
committee authority to consider strategic alternatives, negotiate terms and
undertake due diligence if it deemed such actions appropriate.
The special
committee retained Sills Cummis Radin Tischman Epstein & Gross, P.A. as its
special counsel.
On January 16, 2001, Richton issued a press release indicating
it had received and was considering unsolicited expressions of interest in
acquiring Richton.

   
On January 26, 2001, Richton and Deere entered into a confidentiality
agreement and Richton agreed to supply to Deere documents and information about
Richton's business.

   
On January 29, 2001, the special committee convened to review with special
counsel the duties of the special committee and to discuss Richton's strategic
course, the Deere offer and other strategic alternatives.
On January 31, 2001,
the special committee met at Richton's New York headquarters to consider an
appropriate course of action for Richton.
The special committee deemed the
viewpoint of an investment bank important to determining the fairness of any
transaction to Richton's shareholders from a financial point of view and, after
consideration of a variety of investment banking candidates, engaged the
investment banking firm of Gleacher & Co. LLC.
Gleacher & Co. was asked to
present a preliminary analysis of the market, Deere's business and prospects,
and the Deere proposal.

   
Commencing in February 2001 and through the signing of the merger agreement,
representatives of Deere and Richton's special committee, with their respective
financial and legal advisors, held numerous discussions during which they
negotiated various terms of the merger agreement, including the termination fee
and Richton's fiduciary obligations with respect to competing offers, and the
terms of the voting agreement.

   
On February 6, 2001, Deere commenced the due diligence process at the
offices of Richton's outside counsel.
Thereafter, representatives of Deere
conducted due diligence at Richton and its subsidiaries.
On March 1, 2001, the
special committee convened a conference call in which it reviewed the progress
of due diligence and the negotiations with Deere and also reviewed the plans by
Richton to further its existing strategic course.
On March 29, 2001, due
diligence meetings were held in New York City.
At that meeting, Richton's
management team answered questions from Deere's management team about Richton's
milestones, sales and marketing strategy and historical and financial
performance, and Deere's management team answered questions from Richton about
Deere's milestones, sales and marketing strategy and historical and financial
performance.
On-site due diligence by Deere continued through early April 2001.

During this period, Richton and Gleacher & Co. conducted due diligence with
respect to Deere.

   
On April 20, 2001, Deere confirmed its willingness to move forward with the
proposed transaction.
On April 24, 2001, the special committee met and
determined to proceed with a final review of the proposed transaction.
The
special committee's special counsel and Gleacher & Co. were directed to proceed
with their negotiation of documentation and financial review.

   
On May 1, 2001, representatives of Deere met telephonically with
representatives of Gleacher & Co. to discuss Deere's business and the perceived
benefits of combining Deere and Richton.
At the special committee's direction,
Gleacher & Co. conducted a detailed review of financial information provided by
Deere.

   
On May 22, 2001, the special committee met to discuss strategic options and
review the proposed transaction with Deere.
The special committee heard a
presentation by its special counsel regarding the terms of Deere's offer.

Gleacher & Co. reviewed alternative valuation methodologies and recent
transactions.
Gleacher & Co. delivered its oral opinion to the special
committee, later confirmed in writing, to the effect that the proposed merger
consideration was fair to Richton's stockholders (other than Deere and its
affiliates) from a financial point of view.
At that meeting, the special
committee approved the proposed transaction with Deere subject to consent to
the proposed merger and merger agreement from Richton's board of directors.
The
special committee then authorized its counsel to complete all documentation
associated with the proposed merger.

   
On May 29, 2001, the Richton board of directors considered the approval of
the Deere transaction from the special committee and approved the merger and
merger agreement.
On May 29, 2001, the parties signed the definitive merger
agreement.
On May 30, 2001, Richton and Deere issued separate press releases
announcing the execution of the merger agreement.
The voting agreement
thereafter was executed and delivered and accepted by Deere.


Recommendation of the Special Committee of the Richton Board of Directors

   After careful consideration, the special committee of the Richton board of
directors has determined the proposed merger and the merger agreement to be
fair to and in the best interests of Richton and its stockholders.
The special
committee unanimously recommends approval of the proposed merger and the merger
agreement.
The remaining members of Richton's board of directors join in the
recommendation.
In considering the recommendation of the special committee, you
should be aware that certain directors and executive officers of Richton may
have certain interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, the interests of Richton's stockholders generally.
Also, directors
and officers will receive continuing indemnification and directors and officers
insurance coverage under the provisions of the merger agreement.
The directors
and officers of Richton will not continue as directors and officers after the
merger.
The members of the special committee are not officers of Richton.
See
"--Interests of Richton Management in the Merger" at page 34.


Richton's Reasons for the Merger

   In its evaluation of the proposed merger, the special committee of the
Richton board of directors consulted Richton's management, as well as its
outside financial advisor, consultants and legal counsel and, over the course
of several meetings, considered numerous potential benefits of the merger, the
most important of which included:

  .  
Richton stockholders may elect to receive shares of Deere common stock,
     a substantially larger and more established and diversified participant
     in the agricultural equipment industry and, as a Fortune 500 and NYSE
     registered company, with a market in its stock that is larger and better
     established than that of the market for Richton's stock, providing the
     potential for greater stock marketability and/or return in the future
     than Richton may have on its own;

  .  
the view of the special committee that the combined company resulting
     from the merger, as a subsidiary of Deere, will have, among other
     things:

    --substantially greater financial and other resources available to it
     than Richton as a stand-alone company;

    --an enhanced marketing capability and the potential for a broader
     national and international presence; and

    --a larger sales force able to reach more customers;

  .  
the fact that, for stockholders electing to receive solely Deere common
     stock, the merger is structured to be tax-free except to the extent cash
     is received in lieu of fractional share interests (see "The Merger-
     Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences" on page 37);

  .  
the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed at .8415 shares of Deere
     common stock for each share of Richton common stock if the average
     closing sales price of Deere common stock for the 10 consecutive trading
     days ending on the second full trading day before the effective time of
     the merger is equal to or more than $42.9375 and that this ratio will
     increase if such average closing sales price is less than $42.9375, so
     that, in that latter case, Richton stockholders will receive more shares
     of Deere common stock, in effect maintaining the value of the aggregate
     consideration to be received by Richton stockholders if the average
     closing sales price were $42.9375; and

  .  
the fact that, for Richton stockholders electing to receive cash, the
     price per share to be received by Richton stockholders is fixed at
     $36.1299 per share and is in excess of the price at which Richton's
     common stock has traded in the public market in the recent past.
     Richton's common stock has been traded on the AMEX since November, 1989.
     
The highest closing bid price at which Richton common stock has traded
     since that date prior to Richton's announcement that it was considering
     unsolicited expressions of interest was $25.125 on January 11, 2001.
The
     trading volume of Richton shares is relatively low with an average
     weekly trading volume during the 52 weeks prior to entering into the
     merger agreement of approximately 30,750 shares.
Deere's common stock
     has been traded on the NYSE since 1933 and its average daily trading
     volume during the 52 weeks prior to entering into the merger agreement
     was 1,065,821 shares.
The agreed-upon price of $36.1299 per share of
     Richton common stock was $7.1299 (24.6%) over the price at which Richton
     common stock closed on May 29, 2001, the last trading day before the
     merger agreement was signed and announced.

   
The special committee considered a number of factors in its deliberations
concerning the proposed merger culminating in its decision to recommend
approval of the proposed merger, including, but not limited to:

  .  
information regarding historical market prices and other information
     with respect to the Richton common stock and Deere common stock, and the
     financial performance and condition, assets, liabilities and business
     operations of the two companies;

  .  
the prospects of each of Richton and Deere and their projected future
     values and prospects as separate entities and on a combined basis;

  .  
the oral presentation delivered by Gleacher & Co. to the special
     committee and the subsequent written opinion of Gleacher & Co. addressed
     to the special committee to the effect that, as of that date, based upon
     and subject to the various considerations set forth in the Gleacher &
     Co. opinion, the merger consideration was fair, from a financial point
     of view, to Richton's stockholders (other than Deere and its
     affiliates);

  .  
a comparison of selected recent acquisition and merger transactions in
     the industry, as well as the trading performance of comparable companies
     in the industry;

  .  
the expected tax and accounting treatment of the proposed merger;

  .  
reports from management, financial advisors, consultants and legal
     advisors as to the results of their due diligence investigations of
     Deere;

  .  
the viability and potential benefits of strategic alternatives to the
     proposed merger available to Richton;

  .  
the risk that the benefits sought to be achieved in the proposed merger
     will not be achieved;

  .  
the risks associated with Deere's expansion into a line of business
     relatively new (albeit related) to Deere with the acquisition of
     Richton;

  .  
the risks associated with Deere's common stock price falling after the
     exchange ratio is fixed and the lack of control over the performance of
     Deere's stock, the performance of stock in the agricultural industry and
     the volatility in the stock market generally, in the future; and

  .  
the other risks described above under "Risk Factors" on page 18.

   
This discussion of information and factors considered by the special
committee is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include the
material factors considered by the special committee.
In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by the special committee, the special committee
did not find it practical to quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to
the specific factors considered.
The special committee did not reach any
specific conclusion with respect to any one factor considered, but rather
conducted an overall analysis of these factors, including discussions with
management and legal and financial advisors.
The special

committee did not believe the negative factors were sufficient to outweigh the
potential advantages of the merger.
After taking into account all the factors,
the special committee unanimously agreed that the terms of the merger agreement
and the proposed merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, Richton and
its stockholders and that Richton should enter into the merger agreement.


Opinion of Richton's Financial Advisor

   The special committee of the board of directors of Richton engaged Gleacher
& Co. to act as the special committee's financial advisor in connection with
the proposed merger between Richton and Deere and related matters based upon
Gleacher & Co.'s qualifications, expertise and reputation.
In connection with
this engagement, the special committee requested Gleacher & Co. to evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to
Richton stockholders (other than Deere and its affiliates).
On May 22, 2001,
the special committee convened to review the proposed transaction with Deere
and the terms of the merger agreement.
During this meeting, Gleacher & Co.
rendered its oral opinion, which, on May 29, 2001, was subsequently confirmed
in writing, that, as of that date, based upon and subject to the various
considerations set forth in the Gleacher & Co. opinion, the merger
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to Richton stockholders
(other than Deere and its affiliates).
Gleacher & Co. expressed no opinion as
to the prices at which Richton and Deere common stock will trade following
announcement of the execution of the merger agreement or upon consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
The full text of Gleacher & Co.'s opinion, which sets forth, among other
things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken, in connection with the delivery of this
opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement/prospectus.
Richton
stockholders are urged to read the Gleacher & Co. opinion carefully and in its
entirety.
The summary of the opinion of Gleacher & Co. set forth in this proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of such opinion.

   
Gleacher & Co.'s opinion is addressed to the special committee of Richton's
board of directors and is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point
of view, of the merger consideration to Richton stockholders (other than Deere
and its affiliates) and is not intended to and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder of Richton as to how such stockholder should
vote with respect to the merger.
Although Gleacher & Co. evaluated the
financial terms of the merger, Gleacher & Co. was not asked to and did not
recommend that Richton engage in the merger and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement on the terms set forth therein, which were the result
of arm's length negotiations between Richton and Deere.

   
In connection with rendering its opinion, Gleacher & Co., among other
things:

  .  reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
     information of Richton and Deere;

  .  reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
     operating data concerning Richton prepared by the management of Richton;

  .  
analyzed certain financial forecasts prepared by the management of
     Richton, which forecasts Richton represented to Gleacher & Co. were
     consistent with the best judgments of Richton's management as to the
     future financial performance of Richton and were the best currently
     available forecasts with respect to such future financial performance of
     Richton;

  .  
discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and
     the prospects of Richton with senior executives of Richton;

  .  
reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Richton common
     stock and Deere common stock;

  .  
compared the financial performance of Richton and Deere and the prices
     and trading activity of Richton common stock and Deere common stock with
     that of certain other comparable publicly traded companies and their
     securities;

  .  
reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
     certain comparable acquisition transactions;

  .  
reviewed a draft of the merger agreement and certain related documents;
     and

  .  
performed other analyses and considered other factors as Gleacher & Co.
     deemed appropriate.

   
In rendering its opinion, Gleacher & Co. has assumed and relied upon without
independent verification the accuracy and completeness of the financial and
other information reviewed by it for the purposes of its opinion.
With respect
to the financial projections provided to Gleacher & Co., with the consent of
the special committee of Richton's board of directors, Gleacher & Co. has
assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and are consistent with the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the senior management of
Richton as to the future financial performance of Richton.
Gleacher & Co. has
not, with the permission of the special committee, discussed with Deere
financial forecasts, with respect to Deere, which were prepared by unaffiliated
financial analysts, and Deere has not provided Gleacher & Co. any internally
prepared financial forecasts with respect to Deere.
Gleacher & Co. assumes no
responsibility for and expresses no view as to such forecasts or the
assumptions on which they are based, and has relied upon the assurances of the
senior management of Richton that they are unaware of any facts that would make
the information provided to or reviewed by it incomplete or misleading.

Gleacher & Co. has also assumed, based upon the information which has been
provided and without assuming responsibility for independent verification
therefor, that no material undisclosed liability exists with respect to Richton
or Deere.
Gleacher & Co. has not made any independent valuation or appraisal of
the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Richton or Deere or any
of their subsidiaries, nor has Gleacher & Co. been furnished with any such
valuations or appraisals.
Gleacher & Co. has assumed that the merger will be
accounted for as a purchase transaction in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles and will qualify as a "reorganization" within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Gleacher & Co. has
also assumed that the merger will be consummated in accordance with the terms
set forth in the merger agreement and that all of the representations and
warranties of the parties to the merger agreement are true, that the covenants
of each party to the merger agreement will be fully complied with, and that all
conditions to the merger set forth in the merger agreement will be satisfied
and not waived.
Gleacher & Co.'s opinion is necessarily based on economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
to it as of, May 29, 2001.
It should be understood that, although subsequent
developments may affect this opinion, Gleacher & Co. does not have any
obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this opinion.

   
Gleacher & Co.'s opinion addresses only the fairness, from a financial point
of view, to the stockholders of Richton (other than Deere and its affiliates)
of the merger consideration, and Gleacher & Co. does not express any view as to
any other term of the proposed merger or the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.
Gleacher & Co.'s opinion does not address Richton's
underlying business decision to effect the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

   
The following is a brief summary of the material valuation, financial and
comparative analyses considered by Gleacher & Co. in connection with the
rendering of its opinion.
This summary does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses underlying Gleacher & Co.'s opinion.
The following
summary of the analyses contains information in tabular format.
In order fully
to understand the financial analyses used by Gleacher & Co., the tables must be
read in conjunction with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses summarized therein.

   
Transaction Summary.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed the principal terms of the
merger agreement, noting, among other things, that:

  .  
the holder of each share of Richton common stock may elect to receive as
     consideration: (i) that fraction of a share of Deere common stock equal
     to the fraction obtained by dividing $36.1299 by the average of the
     closing sale prices of Deere common stock for the period of the ten
     consecutive trading days ending on the second full trading day prior to
     the effective time of the merger, provided,

     however, that if the shares of Deere common stock have an average
     closing sales price equal to or more than $42.9375, then the exchange
     ratio will be fixed at 0.8415, or (ii) cash consideration equal to
     $36.1299, provided, however, that the cash consideration will only be
     available for up to 49% of the Richton common stock.

  .  
the merger agreement provides for a voting agreement whereby Mr.
     Sullivan and FRS Capital have agreed to vote all shares held by them,
     representing approximately 41.5% of the Richton shares outstanding, in
     favor of the merger agreement;

  .  
the merger agreement provides for a termination fee of $2.0 million,
     subject to the provisions of the merger agreement;

  .  
the merger will be accounted for as a purchase transaction in accordance
     with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and

  .  
the merger is expected to qualify as a "reorganization" within the
     meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

   
Historical Trading Analysis.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed the historical closing
stock prices of Deere common stock and Richton common stock and the implied
historical exchange ratios, determined by dividing the closing price per share
of Richton common stock by the closing price per share of Deere common stock.

Gleacher & Co. noted, among other things, that the implied historical exchange
ratio over the last year had not exceeded the exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement.

   
Comparable Company Analysis.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed selected financial
information, ratios and public market multiples for certain selected publicly
traded companies that Gleacher & Co. deemed relevant, with respect to Richton
and Deere, respectively.

   
For Richton, the selected comparison group included a total of eleven
companies: Aviall, Inc.; Building Materials Holding; Central Garden & Pet Co.;
Genuine Parts Co.; W.W. Grainger, Inc.; Hughes Supply, Inc.; Huttig Building
Products, Inc.; Lesco, Inc.; Noland Co.; SCP Pool Corp.; and Watsco, Inc.,
which are referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the Richton
comparable companies.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed, among other information, the
Richton comparable companies' ratios, or multiples, of enterprise value (equal
to the value of fully diluted common equity plus total debt, preferred stock,
and minority interests, if any; less cash, cash equivalents, and the estimated
value of any unconsolidated assets, if any) to latest twelve months, or LTM,
net sales; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or
EBITDA; and earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, and the ratios of
equity value (equal to the value of fully diluted common equity) to LTM net
income and book value.
All data are based on publicly available information
and on market information as of May 18, 2001.
The range, mean and median of
these ratios are summarized in the table below.

                                 
Enterprise Value
                                    Multiples        Equity Value Multiples
                              ----------------------
--------------------------
                              Net Sales EBITDA EBIT  Net Income     Book Value
                              ---------
------
----- -----------    -----------

   High......................   0.97x   12.6x  15.4x         27.2x           4.7x
   Low.......................   
0.19x    4.8x   5.9x          7.5x           0.4x
   Mean......................   0.49x    7.6x  10.1x         15.2x           1.5x
   Median....................   0.42x    7.3x   9.9x         14.3x           1.2x

   Gleacher & Co. noted that the consideration to be received by Richton's
stockholders in the merger implies enterprise value multiples of 0.68x LTM net
sales, 10.5x LTM EBITDA, and 12.2x LTM EBIT, respectively, and equity value
multiples of 19.1x LTM net income and 5.1x book value, respectively.

   
For Deere, the selected comparison group included a total of seven
companies: AGCO Corp.; Alamo Group, Inc.; Caterpillar Inc.; CNH Global N.V.;
Lindsay Manufacturing Co.; Terex Corp.; and Valmont Industries, Inc., which
are referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the Deere comparable
companies.


Gleacher & Co. reviewed, among other information, the Deere comparable
companies' ratios of enterprise value to LTM net sales, EBITDA, and EBIT; the
ratios of market equity value to LTM net income and book value; and the ratios
of price to estimated earnings per share, or price/earnings multiples for
calendar years 2001 and 2002.
All data are based on publicly available
information and on market information as of May 18, 2001.
Estimated earnings
per share figures are based on Institutional Brokers Estimate System mean
estimates.
The range, mean and median of these ratios are summarized in the
table below.

                               
Enterprise Value        Equity Value
                                  Multiples              Multiples       Price/Earnings Multiples
                            ----------------------
--------------------- -------------------------
                            Net Sales EBITDA EBIT  Net Income Book Value    2001E        2002E
                            ---------
------
----- ---------- ----------
------------ ------------

   High....................   
1.49x   11.3x  25.2x   28.8x       3.4x           21.3x        15.9x
   Low.....................   0.43x    6.3x   7.6x    9.1x       0.7x           10.1x         8.2x
   Mean....................   
0.86x    8.4x  13.5x   17.4x       1.8x           16.3x        11.7x
   Median..................   0.79x    8.0x  13.2x   16.8x       1.5x           16.7x        10.9x

   Gleacher & Co. noted that Deere's current share price implies enterprise
value multiples of 0.98x LTM net sales, 11.7x LTM EBITDA, and 18.7x LTM EBIT,
respectively; equity value multiples of 21.5x LTM net income and 2.1x book
value, respectively; and price/earnings multiples of 26.7x and 18.3x estimated
earnings per share for calendar years 2001 and 2002, respectively.

   
No company used in the comparable company analysis is identical to Richton
or Deere.
Accordingly, any comparable company analysis necessarily involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics of Richton and Deere and other factors that could
affect the public trading value of the companies to which they are being
compared.
Mathematical analysis (such as determining the mean or median) is not
in itself a meaningful method of using comparable company data.

   
Precedent Transaction Analysis.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed the multiples and
premiums paid in certain selected public change of control transactions that
Gleacher & Co. deemed relevant.
The selected comparison group included a total
of eleven precedent transactions:

    .  
Kent Electronics Corp. pending acquisition by Avnet, Inc.;

    .  
McGinnis Farms, Inc. acquisition by Deere & Company;

    .  
JLK Direct Distribution, Inc. acquisition by Kennametal, Inc.;

    .  
Westburne, Inc. acquisition by Rexel SA;

    .  
WF Electrical PLC acquisition by Hagemeyer NV;

    .  
Cameron Ashley Building Products, Inc. acquisition by Guardian
       Industries Corp.;

    .  
Wilmar Industries, Inc. acquisition by Parthenon Capital, Inc. and
       Chase Capital Partners;

    .  
Innovative Valve Technologies, Inc. acquisition by Flowserve Corp.;

    .  
Graham Group PLC acquisition by Meyer International PLC;

    .  
White Cap Industries, Inc. acquisition by Leonard Green & Partners,
       L.P.

    .  
British Fittings Group PLC acquisition by Wolseley PLC; and

    .  
Dahl International AB acquisition by EQT Scandinavia BV and
       Forvaltnings AB Ratos.

   
Gleacher & Co. reviewed, among other information, the ratios of enterprise
value to LTM net sales, EBITDA, and EBIT and the ratios of equity value to LTM
net income and book value implied by the precedent

transactions listed above.
All data are based on publicly available
information.
The range, mean and median of these ratios are summarized in the
table below.

                                       
Enterprise Value        Equity Value
                                          Multiples              Multiples
                                    ----------------------
---------------------
                                    Net Sales EBITDA EBIT  Net Income Book Value
                                    ---------
------
----- ----------
----------

   High............................   1.20x   10.3x  15.8x   21.3x       2.5x
   Low.............................   
0.30x    5.4x   7.2x    9.6x       0.2x
   Mean............................   0.61x    7.7x  10.4x   15.3x       1.7x
   Median..........................   0.55x    8.0x   9.9x   15.3x       2.0x

   Gleacher & Co. noted that the consideration to be received by Richton's
stockholders in the merger implies enterprise value multiples of 0.68x LTM net
sales, 10.5x LTM EBITDA, and 12.2x LTM EBIT, respectively, and equity value
multiples of 19.1x LTM net income and 5.1x book value, respectively.

   
Gleacher & Co. reviewed the purchase premiums implied by the purchase prices
of the precedent transactions and the respective targets' unaffected closing
share prices one day, one week, and four weeks prior to the initial
announcement date of the transaction.
The range, mean and median of these
premiums are summarized in the table below.

                                                          
Purchase Premiums
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     One Day One Week Four Weeks
                                                     -------
-------- ----------

   High.............................................  
111.2%  127.6%    188.0%
   Low..............................................   14.0%   23.0%     18.7%
   Mean.............................................   45.1%   60.3%     66.4%
   Median...........................................   40.1%   45.3%     55.3%

   Gleacher & Co. noted that the consideration to be received by stockholders
of Richton in the merger implies premiums relative to Richton's closing stock
price one day, one week and four weeks prior to the announcement, on January
16, 2001, that Richton had received an unsolicited acquisition offer of 48.2%,
65.2%, and 70.0% respectively.

   
No transaction used in the precedent transaction analysis is identical to
the merger.
Accordingly, any precedent transaction analysis necessarily
involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics of Richton and other factors that could
affect the value of the companies to which it is being compared and of the
transactions to which the merger is being compared.
Mathematical analysis (such
as determining the mean or median) is not in itself a meaningful method of
using precedent transaction data.

   
Premiums Paid Analysis.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed the premiums paid in a broad
group of selected public change of control transactions in the wholesale trade
and manufacturing sectors with transaction values between $100 million and $300
million, announced during the last three years.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed the
purchase premiums based on the targets' closing share prices one day, one week,
and four weeks prior to the announcement date of the transaction.
All data are
based on publicly available information and on market information as of May 18,
2001.
The mean and median of these premiums are summarized in the table below.

                                                          
Purchase Premiums
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     One Day One Week Four Weeks
                                                     -------
-------- ----------

   Mean.............................................  45.6%    53.0%     61.3%
   Median...........................................  30.3%    38.8%     48.0%

   Gleacher & Co. noted that the consideration to be received by stockholders
of Richton in the merger implies premiums relative to Richton's closing stock
price one day, one week and four weeks prior to the announcement, on January
16, 2001, that Richton had received an unsolicited acquisition offer of 48.2%,
65.2% and 70.0%, respectively.

   
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
Gleacher & Co. performed a discounted cash
flow analysis to calculate an estimate of the theoretical present fully diluted
equity value per share of Richton using financial forecasts through the fiscal
year ending December 2005 that were prepared by the management of Richton.

Gleacher & Co. utilized discount rates ranging from 8.5% to 9.5% and EBITDA
terminal value multiples ranging from 5.5x to 6.5x.
This analysis showed a
range of present values per fully diluted Richton share of $27.32 to $34.77.

This analysis did not purport to be indicative of actual values or expected
values of the shares of Richton common stock before or after the merger.

   
Leveraged Buyout Analysis.
Gleacher & Co. performed an analysis to calculate
an estimate of the theoretical purchase price which could potentially be
obtained in a hypothetical leveraged buyout transaction, or LBO, with a
capitalization reflective of the current leveraged finance market.
Gleacher &
Co. used in its analysis financial forecasts through the fiscal year ending
December 2005 that were prepared by the management of Richton.
The LBO analysis
assumed (1) a $23.00 per share purchase price, (2) total debt capacity at
closing of 4.0x LTM EBITDA for Richton, (3) interest rates on tranches of
senior debt and mezzanine debt financing ranging from 8.00% to 11.50%, (4)
terminal EBITDA multiples ranging from 7.0x to 8.0x and (5) equity ownership
dilution for mezzanine financing providers and management incentive programs
ranging in the aggregate from 0.0% to 10.0%.
Based on these assumptions, this
analysis showed a range of theoretical returns to equity sponsors of 20.3% to
27.8%.
This analysis did not purport to be indicative of the actual purchase
price or expected purchase price that would be obtained in an LBO.

   
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description.
Gleacher
& Co. believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all analyses, would
create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion and the
presentation to the special committee of Richton's board of directors.
Gleacher
& Co. has not indicated that any of the analyses which it performed had a
greater significance from any other.
In addition, Gleacher & Co. may have
deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so
that the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described
above should not be taken to be Gleacher & Co.'s view of the actual value of
Richton.

   
In performing its analyses, Gleacher & Co. made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of either Richton or Deere.

The analyses performed by Gleacher & Co. are not necessarily indicative of
actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested
by such analyses.
Such analyses were prepared solely as a part of Gleacher &
Co.'s analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to Richton stockholders (other than Deere and its affiliates) and
were provided to the special committee of Richton's board of directors in
connection with the delivery of Gleacher & Co.'s opinion.
The analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses
or securities might actually be sold, which are inherently subject to
uncertainty.
In addition, Gleacher & Co.'s opinion and presentation to the
special committee of Richton's board of directors was one of many factors taken
into consideration by the special committee in making its determination to
approve the merger.
Consequently, analyses performed by Gleacher & Co.
described above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the
special committee or Richton's management with respect to the merger.

   
Gleacher & Co. is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm that regularly engages in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions.

   
Richton has agreed to pay Gleacher & Co. a financial advisory fee of $1
million pursuant to the terms of Gleacher & Co.'s engagement letter dated
February 1, 2001.
In addition, Richton has agreed, among other things, to
reimburse Gleacher & Co. for all reasonable travel and other reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses incurred in connection with Gleacher & Co.'s engagement (not to
exceed $10,000 without the prior written consent of the special committee of
Richton's board of directors), and to indemnify and hold harmless Gleacher &
Co. and certain related parties from and against certain liabilities and
expenses, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, in
connection with its engagement.


Deere's Reasons for the Merger

   The boards of directors of Deere and Green Mergersub approved the proposed
merger on December 4, 2000 and May 29, 2001, respectively, after Deere's senior
management discussed with the boards of directors the businesses, assets,
liabilities, results of operations and financial performance of Richton, the
complementary nature of certain of Deere's and Richton's businesses, the
expectation that certain of Richton's businesses could be readily integrated
with Deere's existing operations, and the potential benefits that could be
realized as a result of such integration.
The Deere and Green Mergersub boards
of directors also carefully considered the terms of the merger agreement and
the voting agreement and determined that the transaction is in the best
interests of Deere, Green Mergersub and their respective stockholders.


Interests of Richton Management in the Merger

   When considering the recommendation of Richton's special committee to
approve the proposed merger, Richton's stockholders should be aware that
Richton's directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that
are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Richton's
stockholders.
The special committee was aware of and considered the following
potential conflicts:

   Options and Warrants; Restricted Stock Grants.
As of June 30, 2001,
Richton's directors and executive officers (including the president of one of
its subsidiaries) beneficially owned a total of 132,500 options and warrants to
purchase common stock of Richton with exercise prices ranging from $3.00 to
$5.36 per share.
The holders of Richton stock options may exercise those
options now and make a cash election or stock election along with the other
Richton stockholders.
In addition, provision has been made in the merger
agreement whereby all holders of Richton stock options will have the right to
exercise their options upon the effective time of the merger, and to receive
shares of Deere common stock upon such exercise.
If the holders of Richton
stock options do not exercise their options upon completion of the merger,
Deere has agreed to assume the obligation to honor then-outstanding options,
with each option exercisable for shares of Deere common stock instead of
Richton common stock.
The number of shares of Deere common stock purchasable
under each option exercised upon the effective time of the merger and under
each assumed option, and the exercise price of such options, will be calculated
using the same exchange ratio as defined in the merger agreement.
The table
below sets forth certain information with respect to Richton warrant and option
holders prior to the proposed merger.

                                                       
Date   Exercise Number of
   Option Holder                                     Granted   Price    Shares
   -------------                                     --------
-------- ---------

   Fred R. Sullivan.................................
08/06/97  $ 5.36    30,000
   Andrew Lally.....................................
08/06/97  $4.875     2,500

                                                       Date   Exercise Number of
   Warrant Holder                                    Granted   Price    Shares
   --------------                                    --------
-------- ---------

   FRS Capital Company, LLC.........................  3/30/95  $ 3.00   100,000

   In addition, Mr. Sullivan received a restricted stock grant of 20,000 shares
on December 1, 1998 and a restricted stock grant of 20,000 shares on August 9,
1999.
Of these, as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, 20,000 of
the restricted stock grants will be free of restriction.
The grant restrictions
on Fred R. Sullivan in disposing of 13,333 of the 20,000 shares of stock that
currently remain subject to grant restrictions will terminate the day after the
stockholders approve the proposed merger (assuming consummation of the merger
is after August 8, 2001).

   Severance Agreements.
Deere has accepted the prior decision of Richton's
board of directors to set aside a total of $1,050,000 for severance payments to
certain executive officers and employees.
Under Richton's Deferred Compensation
Plan, Mr. Sullivan will receive, or a trust will receive for Mr. Sullivan's
benefit, a severance payment equal to $800,000.
Under a separate agreement,
Cornelius F. Griffin will receive a severance payment equal to one year's
salary plus continuation and payment of his family medical benefits until his
65th birthday.

   
Mr. Sullivan is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Richton and
beneficially owns, in the aggregate, 1,643,197 shares of Richton common stock.

Mr. Sullivan's share ownership may be broken down as follows: (i) 40,000 shares
representing restricted grants (of which 20,000 are free of restriction and
20,000 remain subject to restriction; the number of restricted shares decreases
to 13,333 on August 9, 2001); (ii) 1,139,274 shares of common stock (inclusive
of the 236,250 shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of warrants) and a
warrant to acquire an aggregate of 100,000 shares of Common Stock, which shares
and warrant are held by FRS Capital and which may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by Mr. Sullivan by virtue of his part ownership of FRS Capital and his
voting control with respect to FRS Capital; (iii) an option to acquire 30,000
shares of Richton common stock; (iv) 208,923 shares of common stock owned by
the Franc M. Ricciardi Residuary Trust, of which Mr. Sullivan is the sole
trustee; and (v) 125,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Fred R.
Sullivan.
Based on the 3,637,097 shares of common stock outstanding as
reflected on Richton's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March
31, 2001, after netting 319,855 treasury shares and after giving effect to the
issuance of 142,500 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of all
outstanding Richton options and the warrant (including a 10,000 share option
exercised in April 2001), the 1,643,197 shares of common stock beneficially
owned by Fred R. Sullivan would constitute 47.49% of the shares of common stock
outstanding.
Mr. Sullivan disclaims any and all pecuniary interest in the Trust
Shares.
Mr. Sullivan has the sole power to vote and direct the vote and to
dispose and direct the disposition of all of the shares beneficially owned by
him.
These shares do not include 407,000 shares owned by Fred A. Sullivan, the
son of Mr. Sullivan, and 27,000 shares owned by the wife of Mr. Sullivan, as to
each of which Mr. Sullivan disclaims any beneficial ownership.

   
Mr. Griffin is the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Richton and
beneficially owns 112,000 shares of Richton.

   S-8 Registration.
Deere has agreed, at or promptly following the effective
time of the merger, to file a registration statement with respect to the Deere
shares issuable upon the exercise of any Richton option exercised on the
effective time of the merger or assumed by Deere such that the Deere common
stock may be resold without restriction.
Mr. Sullivan owns 30,000 of the
eligible options.

   
Voting Agreement.
Mr. Sullivan and FRS Capital have entered into a voting
agreement under which they have agreed to vote in favor of the proposed merger,
unless:

  .  
the special committee (1) receives another acquisition proposal which is
     a superior proposal, (2) Richton provides notice of its determination to
     Deere, (3) Deere does not amend its offer such that the special
     committee does not proceed with the determination and (4) the special
     committee recommends acceptance of the superior proposal to Richton's
     stockholders receives an unsolicited proposal which the special
     committee determines is a superior proposal to the merger proposal of
     Deere and determines to accept the superior proposal in accordance with
     the provisions of the merger agreement; or

  .  
the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms.


See "Voting Agreement" on page 52.

   
Consulting Agreement and Non-Compete Agreement.
Deere and Mr. Sullivan have
agreed to enter into a one-year consulting agreement and a one-year non-compete
agreement upon the effective time of the merger.
Under the consulting
agreement, Deere will be obligated to pay to Mr. Sullivan $200,000 for
consulting services.
Mr. Sullivan will also be entitled to the temporary use of
Richton's New York City offices, as presently equipped and furnished, until
December 31, 2001.
Under the non-compete agreement, Mr. Sullivan has agreed not
to compete with Deere in certain businesses that are related to Richton's
business for a period of one year from the effective time of the merger.
Deere
will pay Mr. Sullivan $200,000 under the non-compete agreement.

   
Easing of Restrictions.
As a director, officer and principal stockholder of
Richton, Mr. Sullivan is restricted in his ability freely to sell his shares in
a public transaction under federal securities law.
In general, under Rule 144
under the Securities Act, officers, directors and, generally, persons who hold
10% or more of a company's stock (or otherwise control the company), may not
sell, in any 3-month period, more than the greater of 1% of the company's
outstanding shares, or the average weekly trading volume during the four weeks
prior to the execution of the sale of the shares.
In general, under Section
16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, officers, directors, and 10%
stockholders who purchase and sell shares within a six-month period are liable
to the corporation for any profits deemed received on the transaction.
As noted
above, this restriction affects Mr. Sullivan and FRS Capital Company, LLC.
In
addition, stockholders who own more than 10% of a company's shares also must
comply with certain reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act
and the rules promulgated under such Act.
Upon completion of the merger, Mr.
Sullivan would not be a director, officer or majority stockholder of the
surviving subsidiary or of Deere and, as a stockholder of Deere common stock,
he would own less than 10% of Deere.
As a result, and as such, Mr. Sullivan
would be free from reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and the rules promulgated thereunder.
Mr. Sullivan would remain subject to
certain restrictions under Rule 144 after the proposed merger is completed as a
result of Rule 145, including the volume restrictions on the resale of his
shares of Deere common stock received in the merger.
However, because Mr.
Sullivan and his affiliates will own substantially less than 1% of the
outstanding stock of Deere immediately after the merger, Mr. Sullivan's ability
to sell his shares of Deere will be subject to substantially fewer restrictions
under Rule 145 than was his ability to sell his shares of Richton under Rule
144.

   Indemnification.
The merger agreement provides that the Deere acquisition
subsidiary will, for a period of six years, defend and hold harmless, to the
fullest extent permitted under law, each present and former director, officer,
and employee of Richton or any of its subsidiaries, for any acts or omission by
them in their capacities as such to the same extent as they are indemnified by
Richton prior to the effective time of the merger.

   
Directors and Officers Insurance.
In the merger agreement, Deere agreed to
maintain in effect directors and officers liability insurance for Richton's
directors and officers for six years after the effective time of the merger or,
in lieu of Deere maintaining in effect such insurance coverage, Deere has
agreed to obtain tail insurance for the covered directors and officers for the
six year period.


Accounting Treatment

   The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for financial accounting
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States.
For purposes of preparing Deere's consolidated financial
statements, Deere will establish a new accounting basis for Richton's assets
and liabilities based upon their fair values, the merger consideration and the
costs of the merger.
Deere believes that any excess of cost over the fair value
of the net assets of Richton will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible
assets.
A final determination of the intangible asset values and required
purchase accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the purchase price
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair
values, has not yet been made.
Deere will determine the fair value of Richton's
assets and liabilities and will make appropriate purchase accounting
adjustments, including adjustments to the amortization period of the intangible
assets, upon completion of that determination.


Regulatory Matters

   U.S. Antitrust.
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, Deere and Richton cannot
complete the merger until they have given the following notice and information
to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the United States DOJ and one or more
specified waiting periods expire or are earlier terminated:

  .  
notification that Deere and Richton desire to merge; and

  .  
certain information relating to the nature of the businesses and
     industries in which Deere and Richton operate.

   
Deere and Richton submitted pre-merger notification and report forms under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ on
June 12, 2001.
The merger cannot be consummated until a required waiting period
of 30 days from the date of such filing has expired or been terminated earlier
by the Antitrust Division of the DOJ, which period was terminated on June 27,
2001.


Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   
The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger that are applicable to Richton stockholders.
It is
based on the Internal Revenue Code, applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations,
judicial authority and administrative rulings and practice, all as of the date
of this proxy statement/prospectus and all of which are subject to change,
including changes with retroactive effect.
The discussion below does not
address any state, local or foreign tax consequences of the merger.
The tax
treatment of a stockholder may vary depending upon the stockholder's particular
situation, and certain stockholders (including individuals who purchased their
shares of Richton common stock pursuant to the exercise of employee stock
options or otherwise acquired shares as compensation, insurance companies, tax-
exempt organizations, financial institutions or broker-dealers, persons who are
neither citizens nor residents of the United States, and persons who hold
Richton common stock as part of a hedge, straddle or conversion transaction)
may be subject to special tax rules not discussed below.
The following
discussion assumes that Richton common stock will be held as a capital asset at
the effective time.
Neither Deere nor Richton has requested or will request an
advance ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to the tax consequences of
the merger.

   
Richton stockholders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the
particular tax consequences of the merger to them, including the applicability
and effect of any state, local or foreign laws, and the effect of possible
changes in applicable tax laws.

   
The obligations of Deere and Richton to consummate the merger are
conditioned upon the receipt by Deere and Richton of opinions of Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel to Deere, and Sills Cummis Radin Tischman
Epstein & Gross, P.A., counsel to Richton, that on the basis of the facts,
representations and assumptions set forth or referred to therein, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, the merger will qualify as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The tax opinions
will be based upon certain facts, representations and assumptions set forth or
referred to therein and the continued accuracy and completeness of certain
representations made by Deere and Richton, including representations in
certificates to be delivered to counsel by the management of each of Deere and
Richton which, if incorrect in certain material respects, would jeopardize the
conclusions reached by counsel in their opinions.
In addition, in the event
that Deere or Richton is unable to obtain the tax opinions, each of Deere and
Richton is permitted under the merger agreement to waive the receipt of such
tax opinions as a condition to their obligation to consummate the merger.
As of
the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, neither Deere nor Richton intends
to waive the receipt of the tax opinion as a condition to their obligation to
consummate the merger.

   
The following discussion assumes that the merger will constitute a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

   
Merger Consideration Includes Only Deere Common Stock.
Subject to the
discussion below regarding fractional shares of Deere common stock, each
Richton stockholder who receives solely Deere common stock in the merger will
not recognize any gain or loss as a result of the receipt of Deere common stock
pursuant to the merger.

   
Merger Consideration Includes Only Cash.
In general, each Richton
stockholder who receives solely cash in the merger will recognize capital gain
or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and such
stockholder's adjusted tax basis in the shares of Richton common stock
surrendered.
Such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss
if the holder held the Richton shares for more than one year at the effective
time of the merger.
If, however, any holder of Richton common stock
constructively owns shares of Richton common stock that are exchanged for
shares of Deere common stock in the merger, or, possibly, owns shares of Deere
common stock actually or constructively after the merger, in unusual
circumstances the consequences to such holder may be similar to the
consequences described below under the heading "Merger Consideration Includes
Both Deere Common Stock and Cash," except that the amount of such
consideration, if any, treated as a dividend would not be limited to the amount
of such holder's gain.

   
Merger Consideration Includes Both Deere Common Stock and Cash.
Subject to
the discussion below regarding fractional shares of Deere common stock, if
Richton stockholders receive a combination of Deere common stock and cash in
exchange for Richton common stock in the merger, gain, but not loss, will be
recognized in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the excess, if any, of (x)
the sum of the fair market value (at the effective time of the merger) of the
Deere common stock and the cash received over (y) each stockholder's tax basis
in the shares of Richton common stock surrendered in the merger and (ii) the
amount of cash consideration.
Any such recognized gain will be treated as
capital gain unless the receipt of the cash has the effect of a distribution of
a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case, such gain will
be treated as ordinary dividend income to the extent of each such stockholder's
ratable share of Richton's accumulated earnings and profits.
Any capital gain
will be long-term capital gain if, as of the effective time of the merger, the
holding period for such stockholder's Richton common stock exceeds one year.

The following discussion briefly describes under what circumstances any gain
recognized will be treated as capital gain versus a distribution of a dividend.

Richton stockholders should consult their tax advisors as to the possibility
that any cash received in exchange for their Richton common stock will be
treated as a dividend.

   
The stock redemption rules of Section 302 of the Internal Revenue Code apply
in determining whether cash received by a stockholder of Richton pursuant to
the merger has the effect of a distribution of a dividend, which is known as
the hypothetical redemption analysis.
Under the hypothetical redemption
analysis, a stockholder of Richton will be treated as if the portion of shares
of Richton common stock exchanged for cash in the merger had been instead
exchanged for shares of Deere common stock, which are called the hypothetical
shares, followed immediately by a redemption of the hypothetical shares by
Deere for cash.
Under the principles of Section 302 of the Internal Revenue
Code, a stockholder of Richton will recognize capital gain rather than dividend
income with respect to the cash received if the hypothetical redemption is "not
essentially equivalent to a dividend" or is "substantially disproportionate"
with respect to such stockholder.
In applying the principles of Section 302 of
the Internal Revenue Code, the constructive ownership rules under Section 318
of the Internal Revenue Code apply in computing a stockholder's ownership
interest in Deere both immediately after the merger (but before the
hypothetical redemption) and after the hypothetical redemption.

   
Whether the hypothetical redemption by Deere of the hypothetical shares for
cash is "essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to a stockholder of
Richton will depend on such stockholder's particular circumstances.
However,
the hypothetical redemption must, in any event, result in a "meaningful
reduction" in such stockholder's percentage ownership of Deere's stock.
In
determining whether the hypothetical redemption by Deere results in a
meaningful reduction in the stockholder's ownership interest in Deere, and
therefore, does not have the effect of a distribution of a dividend, a
stockholder of Richton should compare his or her share interest in Deere
(including interests owned actually, hypothetically and constructively)
immediately after the merger (but before the hypothetical redemption) to his or
her interest after the hypothetical redemption.
The Internal Revenue Service
has indicated that a stockholder in a publicly-held corporation whose relative
stock interest in the corporation is minimal and who exercises no "control"
over corporate affairs generally is treated as having had a meaningful
reduction in his or her stock interest after a redemption transaction if his or
her percentage stock ownership in the corporation has been reduced to any
extent, taking into account the stockholder's actual and constructive ownership
before and after the redemption.

   
The hypothetical redemption transaction would be "substantially
disproportionate," and therefore, would not have the effect of a distribution
of a dividend with respect to a stockholder of Richton who owns less than 50%
of the voting power of the outstanding Deere common stock if the percentage of
Deere common stock actually and constructively owned by such stockholder
immediately after the hypothetical redemption is less than 80% of the
percentage of Deere common stock actually, hypothetically, and constructively
owned by such stockholder immediately before the hypothetical redemption.

   
Tax Basis and Holding Period.
The aggregate tax basis of Deere common stock
(including any fractional shares deemed received, as described below) will be
equal to the aggregate tax basis of the Richton common stock surrendered in the
exchange, decreased by the amount of cash received and increased by the amount
of gain recognized.
The holding period of the Deere common stock received will
include the holding period of the Richton common stock surrendered in exchange
therefor.

   
Cash Received in Lieu of Fractional Shares.
Any Richton stockholder who
receives cash in lieu of fractional shares of Deere common stock will be
treated as having first received such fractional shares pursuant to the merger
and then as having sold those fractional shares in the market for cash.
Richton
stockholders will recognize gain or loss with respect to such fractional shares
in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and
the portion of the tax basis allocable to such fractional interest (as
determined above).
Any such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will
constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the holding period of such
fractional shares (as determined above) exceeds one year.


Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Resale Restrictions

   The merger agreement requires Richton to use its reasonable best efforts to
cause each of its affiliates to execute a written agreement, in the form
attached as an exhibit to the merger agreement, to the effect that such person
will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the shares of common stock
of Deere issued to that affiliate in the merger or otherwise owned or acquired
by that affiliate in violation of the Securities Act.

   
All shares of common stock of Deere received by Richton stockholders in the
merger will be freely transferable, except that shares of common stock of Deere
received by persons who are deemed to be "affiliates" of Richton under the
Securities Act at the time of Richton's special meeting may resell those shares
only in transactions permitted by Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as
otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
Persons who may be affiliates of
Richton for those purposes generally include individuals or entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, Richton, but
would not include stockholders who are not officers, directors or principal
stockholders of Richton.


Appraisal and Dissenters' Rights

   
In accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, there will be no
appraisal rights or dissenters' rights available to holders of Richton common
stock in connection with the merger.


Stock Exchange Listing

   Deere is obligated under the merger agreement to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the shares of Deere common stock to be issued upon the
consummation of the merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE.
In addition,
it is a condition to Richton's obligation to consummate the merger that these
shares be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of
issuance to the NYSE.
The Richton common stock will be delisted from the AMEX
following consummation of the merger.

                               
MERGER AGREEMENT

   
The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement.

This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus.
All stockholders are urged to read the merger agreement
in its entirety for a more complete description of the terms and conditions of
the merger, because it, and not this proxy statement/prospectus, is the legal
document that governs the merger.


The Merger

   Structure of the Merger.
At the effective time of the merger, Richton will
merge with and into Green Mergersub, a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary
of Deere.
After the merger, Green Mergersub will be the surviving corporation
and will remain a wholly owned subsidiary of Deere.

   
Effective Time of the Merger.
The closing of the merger will occur within
three business days after the fulfillment or waiver of the conditions
described below under "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to the Completion of
the Merger," unless Deere and Richton agree in writing upon another time or
date.

   
The merger will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger
with the Delaware Secretary of State.
The filing of the certificate of merger
will take place at the time of the closing of the merger.

   
Merger Consideration.
The merger agreement provides that each share of
Richton common stock that is outstanding prior to the effective time of the
merger will, at the effective time of the merger, be converted into the right
to receive either cash or Deere common stock as follows:

    .  
for each share of Richton common stock with respect to which a cash
       election has been made, the right to receive in cash from Deere an
       amount equal to $36.1299, subject to the possible proration as
       described below.
Shares with respect to which a cash election has
       been made are referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as cash
       election shares;

    .  
for each share of Richton common stock with respect to which a stock
       election has been made, the right to receive from Deere, that
       fraction of a share of Deere common stock equal to the exchange
       ratio.
The exchange ratio is equal to the result obtained by dividing
       $36.1299 by the average closing sales price of Deere common stock, as
       reported on the NYSE for the period of the ten consecutive trading
       days ending on the second full trading day prior to the effective
       time.
However, if such average closing sales price of Deere common
       stock is equal to or more than $42.9375, then the exchange ratio will
       be fixed at 0.8415.

       
By way of example, if such average closing sales price is $42.9375 or
       greater, the exchange ratio will be 0.8415, and, if all shares of
       Richton common stock are exchanged for Deere common stock, the
       approximately 3,459,742 shares of Richton common stock presently
       issued and outstanding would be exchanged for approximately 2,911,373
       shares of Deere common stock.
However, if such average closing sales
       price of Deere's common stock is below $42.9375, then the exchange
       ratio will increase and the Richton common stock would be exchanged
       for more shares of Deere common stock to maintain the value of the
       aggregate consideration that would have been received if the average
       closing sales price of Deere's common stock was $42.9375 and the
       exchange ratio is 0.8415.
For example, if such average closing sales
       price is $40.00, the exchange ratio would be increased, based on such
       $40.00 average closing sales price, to 0.9032 and, if all of the
       approximately 3,459,742 shares of Richton common stock were exchanged
       for Deere common stock, then approximately 3,124,839 shares of Deere
       common stock would be received by the Richton stockholders.

       
For purposes of calculating the exchange ratio, in the event that
       Deere declares a stock split, stock dividend or other
       reclassification or exchange with respect to Deere's common stock
       with a

       record date occurring prior to the effective time, there will be an
       appropriate adjustment made to the exchange ratio to provide to the
       holders of the Richton common stock the same economic effect as
       contemplated by the merger agreement prior to such event; and

  .  
for each non-electing share, which are shares of Richton common stock
     other than shares as to which a cash election or a stock election has
     been made: (A) if the total number of cash election shares exceeds 49%
     of the number of shares of Richton common stock outstanding immediately
     prior to the effective time, the right to receive from Deere, that
     fraction of a share of Deere common stock equal to the exchange ratio,
     or (B) if the total number of cash election shares is less than or equal
     to 49% of the number of shares of Richton common stock outstanding
     immediately prior to the effective time, the right to receive cash and
     Deere common stock in the following manner:

    .  
each non-electing share will be converted into (A) the right to
       receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) $36.1299 and
       (y) the non-election proration factor and (B) a fraction of a share
       of Deere common stock equal to the product of (x) the exchange ratio
       and (y) a fraction equal to one minus the non-election proration
       factor; and

    .  
the non-election proration factor will be a fraction, (A) the
       numerator of which will be the lesser of (x) the total number of non-
       electing shares and (y) 49% of the number of shares of Richton common
       stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time minus the
       total number of cash election shares and (B) the denominator of which
       will be the total number of non-electing shares.

       
For example, assuming that there are 3,459,742 shares of Richton
       common stock issued and outstanding, 1,383,885 shares are cash
       election shares, 1,729,883 shares are stock election shares, 345,974
       shares are non-electing shares and the exchange ratio is 0.8415,
       then, in such event, each non-election share would be exchanged for
       $32.5182 in cash and 0.08412 of a share of Deere common stock.

  .  
If the total number of cash election shares exceeds 49% of the number of
     shares of Richton common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
     effective time, then the cash election shares will be converted into the
     right to receive cash and Deere common stock in the following manner:

    .  
each cash election share will be converted into (A) the right to
       receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) $36.1299 and
       (y) the cash proration factor and (B) a fraction of a share of Deere
       common stock equal to the product of (x) the exchange ratio and (y) a
       fraction equal to one minus the cash proration factor; and

    .  
the cash proration factor will be a fraction, (A) the numerator of
       which will be 49% of the number of shares of Richton common stock
       outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and (B) the
       denominator of which will be the total number of cash election
       shares.

       
For example, assuming that there are 3,459,742 shares of Richton
       common stock issued and outstanding, 2,075,845 shares are cash
       election shares, 1,210,910 shares are stock election shares, 172,987
       shares are non-electing shares and the exchange ratio is 0.8415,
       then, in such event, each cash election share would be exchanged for
       $29.5061 in cash and 0.1543 of a share of Deere common stock.

  .  
The maximum number of shares of Richton common stock which will be
     converted into the right to receive cash in the merger, pursuant to cash
     elections, will be equal to that number which corresponds to 49% of the
     number of shares of Richton common stock outstanding immediately prior
     to the effective time.
However, if either of the tax opinions to be
     delivered to Richton and Deere cannot be rendered (as reasonably
     determined by their respective counsels), then the amount of shares of
     Richton common stock that may elect to receive cash will be reduced to
     the minimum extent necessary to enable the relevant tax opinion or
     opinions, as the case may be, to be rendered.

   
Cancellation of Shares.
Each share of Richton common stock held by Richton
as treasury stock or owned by Deere immediately prior to the effective time
will be automatically canceled, and Deere will not exchange those shares for
any securities of Deere or any other consideration.

   
Procedure for Election of Consideration.
Included with this proxy
statement/prospectus is an election form to be completed by the Richton
stockholders and returned to the exchange agent.
Each Richton stockholder will
specify on the election form whether such stockholder wishes to receive cash,
Deere common stock or a combination thereof.
Richton stockholders can also
specify the number of shares of Richton common stock to be converted into cash,
subject to the limit on cash election shares, which is 49% of the number of
shares of Richton common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time, by making a cash election and/or the number of shares of Richton common
stock to be converted into Deere common stock by making a stock election.
If a
Richton stockholder does not make an election, he or she will be deemed to have
made a non-election and his or her shares will be treated as non-electing
shares.

   
All stockholder election forms must be received by the exchange agent at its
designated office, by 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the business day next
preceding the effective time of the merger.
The election form must be properly
completed and signed and accompanied by certificates for the shares of Richton
common stock to which such election form relates, duly endorsed in blank or
otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on Richton's books (or by an
appropriate guarantee of delivery of such certificates as set forth in the
election form from a firm which is a member of a registered national securities
exchange or a commercial bank or trust company having an office or
correspondent in the United States, provided that such certificates are in fact
delivered to the exchange agent within three NYSE trading days after the date
of execution of such guarantee of delivery).
Richton stockholders are urged to
send their election forms, accompanied by their stock certificates, so that
they are received by the exchange agent no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time,
on [one business day before the meeting], 2001, in order to ensure that their
election forms are received by the deadline referred to above.

   
Election forms will be made available as may be reasonably requested to all
persons who become holders of Richton common stock between the record date and
the business day next preceding the effective time of the merger.

   
If Deere determines that any purported election was not properly made or was
received after 5:00 p.m. of the business day next preceding the effective time
of the merger, such purported election will be deemed to be of no force and
effect and the holder making such purported cash election or stock election
will be deemed to have made a non-election.

   
Any Richton stockholder may change or revoke such holder's election by
giving written notice to the exchange agent at The Bank of New York, Tender and
Exchange Department, P.O. Box 11248, Church Street Station, New York, New York
10286-1248, prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the business day next
preceding the date of the effective time of the merger.
After this date, you
may not change or revoke any election you have made with respect to the
consideration you wish to receive in the merger.
If an election form is
revoked, the certificates (or guarantee of delivery, if applicable) evidencing
the shares of Richton common stock to which such election form relates will be
returned to the stockholder.

   
Richton stockholders having a preference as to the form of consideration to
be received for his or her shares of Richton common stock should complete the
election form, otherwise they will be deemed to have made an non-election and
will receive either Deere common stock, cash or a combination of Deere common
stock and cash for each of their shares of Richton common stock, depending on
the number of stockholders that elect to receive cash.
Neither Richton nor the
Richton board of directors makes any recommendation as to whether stockholders
should elect to receive cash or Deere common stock in the merger.
Each Richton
stockholder must make his or her own decision with respect to such election.

   
Any election form may be revoked only by written notice received by the
exchange agent prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern time on the on the business day next
preceding the effective time of the merger.
In addition, all election forms
will automatically be revoked if the exchange agent is notified in writing by
Deere and Richton that the merger has been abandoned or if Richton's
stockholders fail to approve the merger.
If an election form is revoked, the
certificates (or guarantee of delivery, if applicable) for the shares of
Richton common stock, if any, to which such election form relates shall
promptly be returned to the stockholder.

   
Procedure for Surrender of Certificates; Fractional Shares.
At or following
the effective time and the final determination of the cash proration factor,
the exchange agent will mail to each holder of record of Richton common stock
who has not completed an election form, (i) a letter of transmittal and (ii)
instructions for surrendering their certificates of Richton common stock in
exchange for (A) a certificate or certificates representing Deere common stock
if any, into which the Richton common stock will be converted pursuant to the
merger and (B) the amount of cash, if any, into which all or a portion of the
Richton common stock will be converted pursuant to the merger.
Upon surrender
of a certificate for cancellation to the exchange agent, together with a letter
of transmittal, the holder of such certificate will be entitled to receive cash
or Deere common stock, as appropriate.

   
Richton stockholders who surrender their stock certificates together with a
properly completed letter of transmittal will receive stock certificates
representing the shares of Deere common stock into which their shares of
Richton common stock have been converted in the merger and/or cash.

   
After the merger, each certificate that previously represented shares of
Richton common stock will represent only the right to receive cash or the
shares of Deere's common stock into which those shares of Richton common stock
have been converted.

   
Deere will not pay dividends to holders of Richton stock certificates in
respect of the shares of Deere common stock into which the Richton shares
represented by those certificates have been converted until the Richton stock
certificates are surrendered to the exchange agent.

   
After the merger becomes effective, Richton will not register any further
transfers of Richton shares.
Any certificates evidencing Richton shares that
you present for registration after the effective time of the merger will be
exchanged for Deere shares.

   
Deere will not issue fractional shares in the merger.
Instead, a cash
payment will be paid in an amount equal to the product of (i) the fractional
part of a share of Deere common stock multiplied by (ii) the closing price for
Deere common stock on the NYSE Composite Tape on the date of the effective time
of the merger.


Treatment of Richton Stock Option Plans and Richton Warrants

   At the effective time of the merger, the right to receive shares of Richton
common stock pursuant to each outstanding warrant or option or other stock-
based award granted under Richton's 1990 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2000
Long-Term Incentive Plan, whether vested or not vested, will be assumed by
Deere and become a warrant or option to acquire a number of shares of Deere
common stock equal to the number of shares of Richton common stock that were
subject to the warrant or option multiplied by the exchange ratio, at an
exercise price equal to the exercise price per share of Richton common stock
subject to such warrant or option divided by the exchange ratio.
Each
substitute warrant or option will be subject to the same terms and conditions
of the warrant or option as in effect immediately prior to the effective time.

Any adjustment to a Richton option which is an "incentive stock option" will be
made in a manner consistent with Section 424(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

   
Deere will take all action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient
number of shares of Deere common stock that will become subject to options or
warrants to purchase shares of Deere common stock and will file with the SEC a
registration statement with respect to such Deere common stock.

   
If the Richton warrant, dated as of March 29, 1995, issued to Mr. Sullivan
and now held by FRS Capital remains unexercised, Richton will amend the Richton
warrant, to provide that, following the effective time, Deere's obligations
under the warrant agreement will be subject to Deere including the shares
related to the warrant in a registration statement for shares to be sold by
other selling stockholders of Deere.
If the Richton warrant is exercised prior
to the effective time of the merger and Deere is notified of such exercise and
a stock election is made by the warrant holder, then the shares related to the
Richton warrant will be exchanged for registered shares of Deere common stock
at or promptly after the effective time as a part of the merger.


Board of Directors; Officers

   At the effective time of the merger, the officers and directors of the
surviving corporation will be the officers and directors of Green Mergersub
immediately prior to the effective time.


Representations and Warranties

   Richton and Deere have each made to the other a number of representations
and warranties regarding aspects of their respective businesses, financial
condition, capitalization, structures and other facts pertinent to the proposed
merger.

   
Richton has made representations and warranties to Deere covering the
following topics:

  .  
corporate organization and qualification to do business, and that of its
     subsidiaries;

  .  
certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  
capitalization;

  .  
authority to enter into the merger agreement;

  .  
absence of conflicts in entering into the merger agreement and any
     required filings and consents;

  .  
permits necessary to operate Richton's businesses and compliance with
     applicable laws;

  .  
contracts;

  .  
filings with the SEC;

  .  
accuracy and completeness of disclosure in this proxy
     statement/prospectus;

  .  
the absence of certain changes or events since December 31, 2000 that
     would have a materially adverse effect;

  .  
litigation;

  .  
employee benefit plans;

  .  
labor matters;

  .  
compliance with environmental laws and other environmental matters;

  .  
intellectual property matters;

  .  
taxes relating to Richton and its subsidiaries;

  .  
treatment of the proposed merger as a reorganization;

  .  
matters relating to real property owned or leased;

  .  
effectiveness of customary insurance;

  .  
customers and suppliers;

  .  transactions between Richton or its subsidiaries and their affiliates;

  .  
receipt of an opinion from Richton's financial advisor;

  .  
vote required to approve the proposed merger;

  .  
brokers' fees;

  .  
applicability of state takeover statutes; and

  .  
inapplicability of Richton rights agreement to the merger and related
     agreements.

   
Certain of the representations and warranties are qualified by a material
adverse effect standard.
A material adverse effect, with respect to Richton,
means any fact, change or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to be,
materially adverse, individually or in the aggregate, to the financial
condition, business or results of operations of Richton and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole, except to the extent resulting from:

  .  
a decrease in revenues of Richton;

  .  
a decrease in customer orders; or

  .  
any cancellations of customer orders to the extent that Richton can in
     good faith establish that cancellations were directly attributable to
     the public announcement that Richton will be acquired by Deere.

   
Deere and its acquisition subsidiary have, jointly and severally, made
representations and warranties to Richton covering the following topics:

  .  
corporate organizations and qualifications to do business;

  .  
certificates of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  
capitalization and validity of Deere shares to be issued in the proposed
     merger;

  .  
authority to enter into the merger agreement;

  .  
absence of conflicts in entering into the merger agreement and any
     required filings and consents;

  .  
filings with the SEC;

  .  
accuracy and completeness of disclosure in this proxy
     statement/prospectus;

  .  
the absence of certain changes or events since October 31, 2000 that
     would have a materially adverse effect;

  .  
treatment of the proposed merger as a reorganization;

  .  
brokers' fees; and

  .  
formation and operations of the acquisition subsidiary.

   
Certain of the representations and warranties are qualified by a material
adverse effect standard.
A material adverse effect, with respect to Deere or
Green Mergersub, means any fact, state of facts or circumstances, event, change
or effect that is or is reasonably be likely have a material adverse effect,
individually or in the aggregate, on the assets, financial condition,
prospects, business, operations or results of operations of Deere and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole.

   
The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement do not
survive the effective time of the merger.


Covenants

   Each of Deere and Richton has undertaken certain covenants in the merger
agreement.
Set forth below is a summary of the more significant of these
covenants:

   No Solicitation.
Richton has agreed not to, and will cause its subsidiaries
not to, and will use its reasonable best efforts to see that its officers,
directors, employees, investment bankers, consultants, attorneys, accountants,
agents and other representatives not to, directly or indirectly:

  .  
solicit, initiate, or knowingly encourage, or take any action to
     facilitate the making of any "acquisition proposal" or any inquiry with
     respect to any acquisition proposal;

  .  
enter into any agreement with respect to any acquisition proposal; or

  .  
engage in discussions or negotiations with, or afford access to or
     provide any nonpublic information or data relating to Richton or its
     subsidiaries to any person relating to any acquisition proposal, or
     otherwise cooperate with, or assist or participate in, facilitate or
     knowingly encourage an effort or attempt by any person to do or seek any
     of the foregoing;

however, in the event that an unsolicited written acquisition proposal is
received by Richton and the board of directors of Richton or the special
committee concludes in good faith and on the basis of advice from financial
advisors and independent outside counsel that such acquisition proposal
involves consideration which is reasonably likely to result in a "superior
proposal" and the failure to discuss, negotiate and consider such acquisition
proposal could constitute a violation of the fiduciary duties of Richton's
board of directors, or its special committee, Richton may, after giving written
notice of its intention to do so to Deere:

  .  
furnish confidential information with respect to Richton and its
     subsidiaries to the person making an acquisition proposal pursuant to a
     customary confidentiality agreement; and

  .  
participate in discussions and engage in negotiations with the person
     regarding such acquisition proposal, in response to an unsolicited
     written acquisition proposal.

   
An "acquisition proposal" is any written offer or proposal for, or any
indication of interest in, any:

  .  
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business or asset of
     Richton or any of its subsidiaries that constitutes 20% or more of the
     net revenues, net income or assets of Richton and its subsidiaries,
     taken as a whole;

  .  
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 20% or more of any class
     of equity securities of Richton or any of its subsidiaries whose
     business constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net income or
     assets of Richton and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

  .  
tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any
     person beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of equity securities
     of Richton or any of its subsidiaries whose business constitutes 20% or
     more the net revenues, net income or assets of Richton and its
     subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

  .  
merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
     liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Richton or any
     of its subsidiaries whose business constitutes 20% or more of the net
     revenue, net income or assets of Richton and its subsidiaries, taken as
     a whole, other than the transactions contemplated hereby.

   
A "superior proposal" is any bona fide written acquisition proposal made by
a person the terms of which acquisition proposal Richton's board of directors,
or its special committee, determines in its good faith judgment (after
consultation with Richton's financial advisor, or another financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) to be more favorable (other than in
immaterial respects) to Richton's stockholders than the merger taking into
account all relevant factors (including (x) whether, in the good faith judgment
of Richton's board of directors, or its special committee, after obtaining
advice from Richton's financial advisor, or another financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation, the person is reasonably able to finance the
transaction, (y) the likelihood that such acquisition proposal will be
consummated and (z) any proposed changes to the merger agreement that may be
proposed by Deere in response to the acquisition proposal).

   
Richton will notify Deere promptly of any inquiries, expressions of
interest, proposals or offers received by Richton or any of Richton's
representatives relating to any acquisition proposal or possibility or
consideration of making an acquisition proposal indicating the terms and
conditions of any such acquisition proposal and, if the acquisition proposal is
formally made, the name of the person making the acquisition proposal.
Richton
will furnish Deere copies of any confidential information provided to the
person making any such acquisition proposal.

   
Board of Directors' Covenant to Recommend and Call Stockholder
Meeting.
Richton's board of directors has agreed to call a meeting of its
stockholders, to recommend the approval and adoption of the merger

agreement and the merger to its stockholders and to use its best efforts to
obtain such approval and adoption.
Neither Richton's board of directors, nor
its special committee, is permitted to:

  .  
withdraw, qualify or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw, qualify or
     modify, in a manner adverse to Deere or Green Mergersub, the approval or
     recommendation by Richton's board of directors or its special committee
     of the merger or the merger agreement;

  .  
approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
     acquisition proposal; or

  .  
cause Richton to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in
     principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to
     any acquisition proposal;

unless, prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by Richton's
stockholders, Richton's board of directors, or its special committee,
determines in good faith, after it has received a superior proposal and after
consultation with independent outside counsel, that the failure to do so could
constitute a violation of fiduciary duties of Richton's board of directors, or
its special committee.
If Richton's board of directors, or its special
committee, makes such a determination, it may inform Richton's stockholders
that it no longer believes that the merger or the merger agreement is advisable
and no longer recommends approval, but only at a time that is after the fifth
business day following Deere's receipt of written notice advising Deere that
Richton's board of directors, or its special committee, has received a superior
proposal specifying the material terms and conditions of the superior proposal,
identifying the person making the superior proposal, and stating that it
intends to make a determination that it no longer believes that the merger or
the merger agreement is advisable and no longer recommends approval.
After
providing notice, Richton will provide a reasonable opportunity to Deere to
make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of the merger agreement as
would enable Richton to proceed with its recommendation to its stockholders.

   
Operations of Richton Pending Closing.
Richton has undertaken that it and
its subsidiaries, until the earlier of the effective time of the merger or
termination of the merger agreement, will conduct their businesses in the
ordinary course consistent with past practices and use their reasonable best
efforts to preserve intact their business organizations and relationships with
third parties.
Richton has agreed that it and its subsidiaries will not,
without the prior written consent of Deere, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld:

  .  
amend any organizational documents;

  .  
issue, encumber or dispose of any stock, options or other securities
     convertible into or exchangeable for stock, except pursuant to stock
     options and warrants outstanding as of May 29, 2001, and any assets,
     except for sales of assets in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practice and for liens granted in connection with its existing
     loans;

  .  
declare, set aside or pay dividends;

  .  
split, combine, subdivide or reclassify its stock;

  .  
acquire any material amount of assets, enter into any material
     agreements, except in the ordinary course of business, and which would
     not be reasonably likely to prevent or materially delay the consummation
     of the merger;

  .  
authorize any capital expenditures in excess of 125% of the amounts
     currently budgeted for the fiscal year 2001;

  .  
incur any additional incremental indebtedness, except in the ordinary
     course of business and consistent with past practice and except for the
     refinancing of existing indebtedness, borrowings under commercial paper
     programs in the ordinary course of business or borrowings under existing
     bank lines of credit in the ordinary course of business;

  .  
increase employee compensation or benefits except for increases in the
     ordinary course consistent with past practice or as required by law or
     by agreement;

  .  
change any accounting policies except as required by changes in
     generally accepted accounting principles;

  .  
make any material election with respect to taxes;

  .  
enter into any agreement which would result in a breach of Richton's
     representation and warranty in the merger agreement that the merger
     agreement and the merger will not result in a breach of Richton's
     certificate of incorporation, Richton's bylaws, law or material
     agreements;

  .  
materially modify, amend or terminate any of the agreements material to
     Richton or waive or assign any material rights or claims, except in the
     ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

  .  
settle or compromise any arbitration, action, suit, investigation or
     proceeding, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practice;

  .  
amend or waive any right under any agreement with any affiliate of
     Richton or with any stockholder of Richton or any of its subsidiaries or
     any affiliate of any stockholder, other than as may be done in the
     ordinary course of business and that is not material to Richton;

  .  
take any action that would make any representation or warranty of
     Richton contained in the merger agreement inaccurate in any material
     respect;

  .  
renew, extend or replace any of Richton's leases for real property
     scheduled to expire prior to the closing of the merger; or

  .  
enter into, or publicly announce an intention to enter into, any
     contract, agreement, commitment, plan or arrangement to, do any of the
     foregoing.

   
Operations of Deere Pending Closing.
Deere has undertaken that it will not:

  .  
amend any organizational documents;

  .  
declare, set aside or pay dividends, except for regular quarterly cash
     dividends consistent with past practice;

  .  
change any accounting policies except as required by changes in
     generally accepted accounting principles;

  .  
take any action that would make any representation or warranty of Deere
     contained in the merger agreement inaccurate in any material respect; or

  .  
enter into, or publicly announce an intention to enter into, any
     contract, agreement, commitment, plan or arrangement to, do any of the
     foregoing.

   
Employee Matters.
Deere and Richton agreed to the following in the merger
agreement:

  .  
for a period of at least one year following the effective time of the
     merger, for as long as each Richton employee remains employed by Deere
     or its subsidiaries, Deere will provide to employees of Richton and any
     of its subsidiaries employee benefits which in the aggregate are
     substantially comparable to the benefits provided pursuant to Richton's
     employee benefit plans immediately prior to the effective time of the
     merger;

  .  
Deere specifically agrees to honor the change of control, severance and
     bonus provisions for Messrs. Sullivan and Griffin;

  .  
Deere will cause the company surviving the merger to honor in accordance
     with their terms all benefits and obligations under certain Richton
     employee plans;

  .  
Deere will, or will cause the company surviving the merger to, provide
     to employees of Richton at the effective time of the merger full credit
     for their service with Richton for purposes of eligibility and vesting
     (but not for purposes of benefit accrual) under severance benefit,
     vacation and other

     employee benefit plans maintained by Deere in which such employees are
     eligible to participate after the effective time of the merger, except
     where such crediting of service would result in a duplication of
     benefits;

  .  
Deere will, or will cause the company surviving the merger to, waive all
     limitations as to pre-existing conditions, exclusions and waiting
     periods, with respect to participation and coverage requirements
     applicable to Richton employees at the effective time of the merger
     under any welfare benefit plans of Deere that such employees may be
     eligible to participate in after the effective time of the merger, other
     than limitations, exclusions and waiting periods that would have been in
     effect with respect to the same employees under any welfare plan
     maintained by Richton before the effective time of the merger; and

  .  
Deere will, or will cause the company surviving the merger, to provide
     to employees of Richton at the effective time of the merger credit for
     any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the effective time in
     satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under
     any welfare plans that such employees are eligible to participate in
     after the effective time of the merger.

   
Consulting and Non-Compete Agreements.
At the effective time of the merger,
Deere will enter into a consulting agreement and a non-compete agreement with
Mr. Sullivan substantially in the forms attached to the merger agreement.

Under the consulting agreement, Mr. Sullivan will be paid $200,000.
Under the
non-compete agreement, Mr. Sullivan has agreed not to compete with Deere in
certain businesses that are related to Richton's business for a period of one
year from the effective time of the merger and will be paid $200,000 by Deere.

   
See "The Merger--Interests of Richton Management in the Merger" beginning
on page 34, for additional information regarding the consulting agreement, the
non-compete agreement and employee benefits matters covered in the merger
agreement.


Additional Covenants

   Insurance and Indemnification.
The merger agreement provides that, for six
years after the effective time of the merger, the certificate of incorporation
and bylaws of the surviving corporation will contain the same provisions
regarding indemnification as are set forth in Richton's certificate of
incorporation and bylaws.

   
Deere has agreed to maintain in effect directors and officers liability
insurance for Richton's directors and officers for six years after the
effective time of the merger or, in lieu of Deere maintaining in effect such
insurance coverage, Deere has agreed to obtain tail insurance for the covered
directors and officers for the six year period

   Expenses.
Deere and Richton have agreed to each pay their own costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the merger.

Deere and Richton will, however, share equally:

  .  
the filing fees for filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act;

  .  
the filing fees in connection with the filing with the SEC of this proxy
     statement/prospectus and the related registration statement; and

  .  
all printing, mailing and related expenses.

   
NYSE Listing.
Deere is obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to
cause the shares of its common stock to be issued in the merger to be approved
for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.

   
Tax and Accounting Treatment.
Richton and Deere have agreed not to
knowingly take any action that would be reasonably likely to jeopardize the
intended tax treatment of the proposed merger as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.


Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

   The respective obligations of Deere, Richton and Green Mergersub to complete
the merger are subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent legally
permissible, the waiver of various conditions which include, in addition to
other customary closing conditions, the following:

  .  approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger by the
     stockholders of Richton in accordance with Delaware law;

  .  
expiration or termination of the relevant waiting period under the Hart-
     Scott-Rodino Act;

  .  
the absence of any law, regulation or court order prohibiting,
     materially restricting, making illegal or enjoining the completion of
     the merger;

  .  
the SEC having declared effective the registration statement relating to
     the issuance of the shares of Deere common stock to be issued in the
     merger, of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part;

  .  
receipt of all necessary authorizations, consents, waivers, orders or
     approvals, and all other filings, notices or declarations required to be
     made will have been made; and

  .  
the shares of Deere common stock to be issued in the merger having been
     approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of
     issuance.

   
In addition, the respective obligations of Deere, Green Mergersub and
Richton to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent
legally permissible, the waiver of the following additional conditions:

  .  
the representations and warranties of the other company contained in the
     merger agreement being true and correct in all material respects (except
     for certain representations and warranties which must be true and
     correct in all respects) on the effective time of the merger, as if they
     were made on that date, unless they were by their express provisions
     made as of a specific date, in which case they need be true and correct
     only as of that specific date;

  .  
the other company having performed in all material respects all required
     obligations to be performed by it prior to the closing of the merger;

  .  
each company having received a certificate signed by an executive
     officer of the other company on its behalf to the effect of the previous
     two paragraphs; and

  .  
Deere and Richton having received an opinion from their respective
     counsel to the effect that the merger will be treated for federal income
     tax purposes as a reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code, and
     those opinions having not been withdrawn prior to the effective time of
     the merger.


Termination of the Merger Agreement

   Right to Terminate.
The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior
to the closing in any of the following ways:

  .  
by the mutual written consent of Deere and Richton;

  .  
by either Deere or Richton:

    .  
if the merger is not completed as of October 31, 2001, except that
       Deere or Richton may not terminate the merger agreement on the dates
       above if the cause of the merger not being completed is its failure
       to fulfill its obligations;

    .  
if there has been a breach by the other company of any of the other
       company's representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
       contained in the merger agreement, and the breach would result in
       the failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions to the merger
       and the breach is incapable of being cured or, if capable of being
       cured, has not been cured within 20 days after written notice was
       received by the company in breach;

    .  
if a law or court order permanently prohibits the completion of the
       merger; or

    .  
if the Richton stockholders do not approve the merger agreement and
       the merger at the Richton special meeting;

  .  
by Deere, if:

    .  
the Richton board of directors fails to recommend the merger
       agreement or has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Deere
       its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger
       or has failed to call the Richton special meeting;

    .  
the Richton board of directors or the special committee recommends
       to the Richton stockholders a superior proposal;

    .  
an acquisition proposal other than the merger has been announced and
       the Richton board of directors fails to recommend against acceptance
       of the acquisition proposal within ten business days of its receipt;

    .  
the Richton board of directors resolves to do any of the foregoing;

    .  
the voting agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms because the
       special committee determines that another acquisition proposal is a
       superior proposal, Richton provides notice of its determination to
       Deere, Deere does not amend its offer such that the special
       committee does not proceed with the determination and the special
       committee recommends acceptance of the superior proposal to
       Richton's stockholders;

    .  
Richton enters into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
       acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to any
       acquisition proposal or

    .  
the voting agreement was not executed within one business day of May
       29, 2001 (it being understood that Deere and Richton acknowledge
       that the voting agreement has been duly executed and delivered);

  .  
by Richton, if Richton's board of directors authorizes Richton to enter
     into a binding written agreement concerning a superior proposal and
     Richton notifies Deere that it intends to enter into such an agreement
     and Deere does not make an offer that Richton's board of directors
     determines, in good faith after consultation with its financial
     advisors, is at least as favorable to Richton's stockholders as the
     superior proposal

   Termination Fee Payable by Richton.
Richton has agreed to pay Deere a
termination fee of $2 million in the event that:

  .  
Richton terminates the merger agreement after Richton's board of
     directors authorizes Richton to enter into a binding written agreement
     concerning a superior proposal and Richton notifies Deere that it
     intends to enter into such an agreement and Deere does not make an offer
     that Richton's board of directors determines, in good faith after
     consultation with its financial advisors, is at least as favorable to
     Richton's stockholders as the superior proposal; or

  .  
Deere terminates the merger agreement:

    .  
after the Richton board of directors fails to recommend the merger
       agreement or has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Deere
       its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger
       or has failed to call the Richton special meeting;

    .  
the Richton board of directors or the special committee recommends
       to the Richton stockholders a superior proposal;

    .  
an acquisition proposal other than the merger has been announced and
       the Richton board of directors fails to recommend against acceptance
       of the acquisition proposal within ten business days of its receipt;

    .  
the Richton board of directors resolves to do any of the foregoing;

    .  
the voting agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms because the
       special committee determines that another acquisition proposal is a
       superior proposal, Richton provides notice of its determination to
       Deere, Deere does not amend its offer such that the special
       committee does not proceed with the determination and the special
       committee recommends acceptance of the superior proposal to
       Richton's stockholders; or

    .  
Richton enters into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
       acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to any
       acquisition proposal; or

  .  
either Deere or Richton terminates the merger agreement after the
     Richton stockholders do not approve and adopt the merger agreement and
     the merger at the Richton special meeting and, either at or prior to the
     time of the failure of Richton's stockholders to approve and adopt the
     merger agreement and the merger, an acquisition proposal has been made
     public and Richton enters into an acquisition proposal within twelve
     months after termination of the merger agreement.


Amendments and Waiver

   Any provision of the merger agreement may be amended or waived at any time
prior to the effective time of the merger.
However, if a provision of the
merger agreement is amended or waived after the Richton stockholders approve
the merger agreement, such amendment or waiver will be subject to any necessary
stockholder approval.
Any amendment must be signed by Deere, Richton and Green
Mergersub.
Any waiver must be signed by the party against whom the waiver is to
be effective.

                                
VOTING AGREEMENT

   
The following description of the voting agreement describes the material
terms of the agreement but does not purport to describe all the terms of the
agreement.

   
As a condition to Deere's agreement to acquire Richton via its acquisition
subsidiary, Deere, Green Mergersub, Mr. Sullivan and FRS Capital have entered
into a voting agreement.
Under the voting agreement, Mr. Sullivan and FRS
Capital, which together own 1,434,274 shares of Richton common stock,
constituting approximately 41.5% of the outstanding shares of Richton common
stock, have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the proposed merger and the
merger agreement.
The voting agreement also provides that Mr. Sullivan and FRS
Capital will vote against the following actions:

  .  
any other merger or other extraordinary corporate transaction, such as
     consolidation or other business combination involving Richton;

  .  
any sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of Richton's assets;

  .  
any reorganization, re-capitalization, dissolution or liquidation of
     Richton;

  .  
any change in the majority of Richton's board of directors;

  .  
any material change in the capitalization or any amendment of the
     certificate of incorporation or similar governing document of Richton or
     any other material change in the corporate structure or business of
     Richton; and

  .  
any other action which, in the case of a change in the majority of board
     or material change in the capitalization, charter documents, corporate
     structure or business of Richton, is intended or could reasonably be
     expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or
     materially adversely affect the contemplated economic benefits to Deere
     or Deere's acquisition subsidiary of the proposed merger or the
     transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
The voting agreement will terminate:

  .  
if the merger agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms;

  .  
if the special committee determines that (1) another acquisition
     proposal is a superior proposal, (2) Richton provides notice of its
     determination to Deere, (3) Deere does not amend its offer such that the
     special committee does not proceed with the determination and (4) the
     special committee recommends acceptance of the superior proposal to
     Richton's stockholders; or

  .  
upon completion of the merger.

                            
INFORMATION ABOUT DEERE

   Deere and its subsidiaries have operations that are categorized into four
major business segments:

  .  
Deere's worldwide agricultural equipment segment manufactures and
     distributes a full line of farm equipment-including tractors; combine,
     cotton and sugarcane harvesters; tillage, seeding and soil preparation
     machinery; sprayers; hay and forage equipment; materials handling
     equipment; and integrated precision farming technology.

  .  
Deere's worldwide commercial and consumer equipment segment manufactures
     and distributes equipment for commercial and residential uses--including
     small tractors for lawn, garden, commercial and utility purposes; riding
     and walk-behind mowers; golf course equipment; snowblowers; handheld
     products such as chain saws, string trimmers and leaf blowers; skid-
     steer loaders; utility vehicles; landscape and irrigation equipment; and
     other outdoor power products.

  .  
Deere's worldwide construction and forestry segment manufactures and
     distributes a broad range of machines used in construction, earthmoving,
     material handling and timber harvesting-including backhoe loaders;
     crawler dozers and loaders; four-wheel-drive loaders; excavators; motor
     graders; articulated dump trucks; forklifts; landscape loaders; and log
     skidders, feller bunchers, loaders, forwarders, harvesters and related
     attachments.

     
The products produced by the equipment segments are marketed primarily
     through independent retail dealer networks and major retail outlets.

  .  
The credit segment primarily finances sales and leases by John Deere
     dealers of new and used agricultural, commercial and consumer, and
     construction equipment and sales by non-Deere dealers of recreational
     products.
In addition, it provides wholesale financing to dealers of the
     foregoing equipment, provides operating loans and finances retail
     revolving charge accounts.

   
In addition you may obtain Deere's filings with the SEC for more
information.
See "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 66.

                           
INFORMATION ABOUT RICHTON

Security ownership of directors, executive officers and principal stockholders
of Richton

   The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of
the common stock of Richton as of June 30, 2001, by all persons known to
Richton to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of the common stock, by the
directors and by the directors and executive officers as a group:

                                               
Shares Beneficially   Percent
   Beneficial Owner                                   Owned        of Class (1)
   ----------------                            -------------------
-----------

   Fred R. Sullivan...........................      1,643,197(2)      47.5%
   FRS Capital Company, LLC...................      1,239,274(3)      35.8%
   The Franc M. Ricciardi Residuary Trust.....        208,923(4)       6.0%
   Fred A. Sullivan...........................        407,000(5)      11.8%
   Norman E. Alexander (6)....................          5,000            *
   Richard P. Barnitt (6).....................          1,000            *
   Marshall E. Bernstein (7)..................          1,500            *
   Cornelius F. Griffin (8)...................        112,000          3.2%
   Thomas J. Hilb (6).........................         51,137          1.5%
   Stanley J. Leifer (6)......................         16,551            *
   Donald A. McMahon (6)......................          3,000            *
   All directors and executive officers
    as a group (8 persons)....................      1,833,385         53.0%

- --------
*  denotes less than one (1%) percent.

(1) In determining the percent of class, shares which could be acquired through
    the exercise of stock options and warrants that are presently exercisable
    or exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of
    computing that person's percentage of class.
The percentages are based on
    3,459,742 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2001.
(2) Includes: (i) 208,923 shares owned by the Franc M. Ricciardi Residuary
    Trust, of which Fred R. Sullivan is the sole trustee; (ii) 30,000 shares
    which may be acquired through the exercise of stock options, all of which
    are currently exercisable; (iii) 1,139,274 shares and warrant to purchase
    an additional 100,000 shares held by FRS Capital, over which Mr. Sullivan
    has voting and investment control (see Note (3) below); (iv) 40,000 shares
    issued pursuant to restricted stock grants (of which 20,000 are free of
    grant restrictions and 20,000 remain subject to grant restrictions; the
    number of restricted shares decreases to 13,333 on August 9, 2001); and (v)
    125,000 shares owned directly by Mr. Sullivan.
Does not include 27,000
    shares owned by Mr. Sullivan's wife, of which Mr. Sullivan disclaims
    beneficial ownership.
Mr. Sullivan is the President, Chief Executive
    Officer and Chairman of the Board of Richton.
As a result of the Voting
    Agreement by and among Mr. Sullivan, FRS Capital, Deere and Green
    Mergersub, Mr. Sullivan may be deemed to be a member of a voting group
    owning beneficially in the aggregate 1,643,197 shares consisting of (i) the
    shares beneficially owned by Mr. Sullivan, and (ii) the shares beneficially
    owned by FRS Capital.
See "Voting Agreement" at page 52.

(3) Includes: 1,139,274 shares of common stock and a currently exercisable
    warrant to purchase an additional 100,000 shares of common stock.
While Mr.
    Sullivan has sole voting authority over the shares held by FRS Capital, his
    son, Fred A. Sullivan, has a majority equity interest in FRS Capital.
As a
    result of the Voting Agreement by and among Mr. Sullivan, FRS Capital,
    Deere and Green Mergersub, Inc., FRS Capital may be deemed to be a member
    of a voting group owning beneficially in the aggregate 1,643,197 shares
    consisting of (i) the shares beneficially owned by Mr. Sullivan, and (ii)
    the shares beneficially owned by FRS Capital .
As a member of that group,
    FRS Capital may be deemed to beneficially own the 1,643,197 shares
    beneficially owned by the group.
    
Does not include the 403,923 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Sullivan
    other than through FRS Capital, which shares FRS Capital may be deemed to
    beneficially own as a member of the voting group.
See "Voting Agreement" at
    page 52.


(4) Does not include 62,107 shares owned directly by Mrs. Rosemarie S.
    Ricciardi, widow of Franc M. Ricciardi, former Chairman of Richton.

(5) Does not include shares held by FRS Capital.
See Note (3) above.
Fred A.
    Sullivan is the son of Mr. Sullivan.

(6) This person is a director of Richton.

(7) Mr. Bernstein is Secretary of Richton.

(8) Mr. Griffin is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Richton.

   
If each of the above holders of Richton's common stock chooses the stock
election, such holder will receive that number of shares of Deere common stock
determined in accordance with the exchange ratio.
If all of the 2,240,385
shares of Richton common stock beneficially owned by such persons (assuming for
purposes of this paragraph, the exercise of all options and warrants held by
such persons, (if any) are exchanged in the merger, such persons would receive
an aggregate of 1,885,285 shares of Deere common stock (assuming an exchange
ratio of 0.8415), which amount, in the aggregate represents less that 1% of the
outstanding common stock of Deere.

          
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                      AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF RICHTON

Introduction

   Richton is a diversified service company.
Its wholly owned subsidiary,
Richton Holding Corporation, has three operating subsidiaries, Century Supply
Corp., or Century, CBE Technologies, Inc., or CBE, and Creative Business
Concepts, Inc., or CBC.
Century is a leading full-service wholesale distributor
of sprinkler irrigation systems, outdoor lighting and decorative fountain
equipment.
Its branches serve customers in 36 States and in Ontario, Canada.

Century's primary customers are irrigation and landscape contractors who
install irrigation systems for commercial, residential and golf course watering
systems.
Approximately 86% of revenues is derived from irrigation products,
with the remaining 14% from lighting and fountains.

   
CBE is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with offices in New York, New
York and Portland, Maine.
CBE is a systems integrator providing: network
consulting, design and installation; network management and related support;
technical services outsourcing; comprehensive hardware maintenance; and
equipment sales.
CBE is also an authorized service and warranty center for most
of the leading PC manufacturers including IBM, Compaq, Hewlett Packard, Apple
and AST.

   
CBC is headquartered in Irvine, California and was acquired by Richton in
February 1999.
CBE's Costa Mesa, California branch was merged into CBC in March
1999.
CBC essentially performs the same services for its West Coast customers
that CBE provides for its customers.


History of Business Acquisitions

   On March 29, 1995, Richton, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Century,
acquired all the operating assets and business of CBE for $5.0 million, plus
assumption of certain liabilities, which acquisition was financed by bank
borrowings of $3.0 million, a $1.0 million unsecured promissory note to the
former owners and a $1.0 million note to the Chairman of Richton.
The note to
the Chairman was subject to a fairness opinion of an independent advisor chosen
by Richton's board of directors.

   
During the period from 1995 through 1999, Century acquired for an aggregate
of $15.0 million, more than 25 distributor operations throughout the East,
South and Midwest.
The purchases were financed by bank borrowings and the
issuances of subordinated debt to former owners of these operations.
These
acquisitions were accounted for as purchases and Richton recognized an
aggregate of $6.2 million of goodwill and other intangibles in these
transactions.

   
On February 25, 1999, Richton acquired for $2.2 million 100% of the common
stock of CBC of Irvine, California, a leading computer networking integrator.

CBC was consolidated with the Costa Mesa office of Richton's CBE subsidiary.

The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase.
Richton recognized
approximately $2.3 million of goodwill in this transaction.

   
On October 18, 1999, Richton acquired for $1.4 million all of the operating
assets and certain of the liabilities of Corporate Access, Inc., or CAI.
CAI,
which has been assimilated into CBE, is a value added reseller of networking
and computer equipment.
This acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and
Richton recognized approximately $1.0 million of goodwill in this transaction.

   
On June 30, 2000, Century acquired all of the outstanding common stock of a
distributor in Arlington, Texas.
The aggregate purchase price of this
acquisition was $2.0 million, including the recording of goodwill and
intangible assets of $.8 million.
In addition, Richton acquired assets of two
other distributors in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts.
The aggregate purchase
price of these acquisitions was $.4 million, including the recording of
goodwill and intangible assets of $85,000.

   
During the first half of 2001, Century acquired, for an aggregate of $5.3
million, three distributor operations in Texas, Nevada and California.
These
acquisitions were accounted for as purchases and Richton recognized $1 million
in goodwill and other intangibles on these transactions.
In addition, Century
opened new branches in new markets in Texas and the Southwest.


Seasonality and Working Capital Requirements

   Century's business is seasonal principally due to the fact that irrigation
systems are normally installed during warm weather and a majority of Century's
branches are located in the eastern half of the United States.
As a result,
Century's monthly and quarterly sales, operating results and working capital
requirements fluctuate significantly.
Century relies on short-term borrowing to
finance its working capital needs.
Century seeks to maintain a level of
borrowing of approximately $25 million that is normally achieved during the
latter part of December through much of the first quarter.
Beginning in April,
borrowing requirements expand.
By July, short-term borrowings increase to
approximately $50 million, consistent with working capital growth and operating
requirements.
Thereafter, receivable balances are liquidated, releasing
substantial amounts of cash that may be used to reduce short-term borrowing.

See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below and Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for a description of Richton's Revolving Credit facility.

   
At December 31, 2000, working capital increased approximately $5.6 million
to $15.4 million from $9.8 million in 1999.
This increase was attributed
primarily to higher inventories and receivables resulting from increased sales
and acquisitions and to a buying program offered by one of Century's principal
suppliers.

   
The following analysis of the financial condition and results of operations
of Richton should be read in conjunction with the Selected Financial Data of
Richton and Richton's consolidated financial statements (including the notes
thereto) appearing elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.


Results of Operations

For the Three Months ended March 31, 2001

   Sales and net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2001 were $38.3
million and $3.16 million, respectively or $(.95) per share basic and diluted.

For the three months ended March 31, 2000, sales and net loss were $43.4
million and $1.16 million, respectively or $(.38) per share--basic and diluted.

As has been previously stated, the quarterly sales and profits are not
representative of the other quarters of the year due to seasonality of
Richton's principal business.

   
Century's sales were down approximately 14.2% from year earlier amounts.

Sales were unfavorably affected by the wet and cold weather throughout most of
Century's markets.
The markets in Texas and the Western regions showed
improvement when compared to last year.

   
The Technology Group reported decreased revenues--down 6.2%--compared with
the same three months last year.
This decline is principally attributed to a
refocus on the service side of their business and a rationalization of the
product sales side.
Gross profits for the Technology Group improved.
However,
operating profits as compared to the same periods in 2000 declined due to
higher costs associated with the cost of installing a new ERP software program.

   
Gross profit for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 were $9.4
million or 24.5% of sales and $10.5 million or 24.1% of sales, respectively.

The higher gross profit as a percentage of sales for the period ended March 31,
2001 when compared to the corresponding periods in 2000, is due principally to
geographic, product and service mix of Richton's two principal businesses.

   
Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended
March 31, 2001 and 2000 were $14.0 million and $11.8 million, respectively.
The
higher level of expenses in the current year is due to the higher number of
operating branches at Century.
Century now has 150 branches.

   
Interest expense--net, for the three months ended March 31, 2001 was $0.5
million, approximately the same as the prior year amount.
The result of higher
borrowing level is offset by the lower interest rates.

   
The benefit from Federal, State and foreign income taxes as a percentage of
pre-tax loss for the three-month period ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 were
39.0% and 37.6% respectively.

   
As a result of the foregoing, the net loss for the three months ended March
31, 2001 and 2000 were $3.16 million or $(.95) per share basic and diluted and
$1.16 million or $(.38) per share basic and diluted, respectively.


Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999

   Sales.
Sales for the year ended December 31, 2000 were $260.6 million, an
increase of $42.4 million, or approximately 19.4%, over sales of $218.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Century contributed $25.8 million of this
increase for a year over year increase of 14.7%.
Century's growth in 2000 was
due to geographical expansion and full year inclusion relating to acquisitions
made during 1999 and to continued expansion of its branch network, which
expanded to approximately 150 branches at December 31, 2000.
Richton's
Technology group has increased sales by 38.5%, to $59.4 million from $42.9
million in 1999.
All of the Technology Group's growth is due to increased sales
of product relating to the acquisition of CAI in the second half of 1999.

   
Gross Profit.
Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $71.6
million, an increase of $7.7 million, or approximately 12.1%, over gross profit
for the year ended December 31, 1999 of $63.8 million.
This increase is due
primarily to the higher sales noted above.
The overall gross profit percentage
decreased to 27.5% in the year ended December 31, 2000 from 29.2% in 1999 due
to the product mix related to the growth in the Technology Group's sales.

   
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.
Selling, general and
administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000 increased $6.0
million, or 12.1%, to $55.6 million from $49.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999.
As a percentage of sales, these costs are 21.3% and 22.7% of
sales in 2000 and 1999, respectively.
The full year effect of the geographical
expansion resulting from acquisitions made during 1999 noted above accounted
for a major portion of this increase.

   
Interest Expense.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31,
2000, increased $.5 million to $2.8 million from $2.3 million in 1999.
This
increase reflects the increased borrowings under Richton's line of

credit incurred to support the higher working capital requirements and the
moderately higher interest rates due principally to the tightening credit
markets for short-term borrowings.

   
Net Income.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, the federal, state and
foreign income tax provision was $4.7 million, and 35% of pre-tax income,
compared with $4.8 million and 40%, respectively for 1999.
The decline in the
effective tax rate is due to the reversal of tax reserves of approximately $.4
million relating to closed years.
The higher taxes are due to higher pretax
income in the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared with 1999.

   
As a result of the foregoing, net income for the year ended December 31,
2000 was $8.51 million, or $2.47 per share-diluted.
This compares with $7.16
million, or $2.12 per share-diluted, for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The
higher net income is due principally to increased sales levels as a result of
both acquisitions and internal growth.


Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 1999 and 1998

   Sales.
Sales for the year ended December 31, 1999 were $218.2 million, an
increase of $70.3 million, or approximately 47.5%, over sales of $147.9 million
in 1998.
Century contributed $50.3 million of this increase due largely to
favorable economic and weather conditions in most of its market areas and due
to geographical expansion relating to acquisitions made during 1998, the
acquisitions made in early 1999 and continued growth from past acquisitions and
branch openings.
Richton's Technology Group increased sales by 87.3%, to
$42.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, from the $22.9 million
represented solely by CBE in 1998.
This Group currently includes CBE, CAI
(purchased in October, 1999) and CBC (acquired effective January, 1999 with
1999 sales of $15.5 million).

   
Gross Profit.
Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 1999 was $63.8
million, an increase of $23 million, or approximately 56.4%, over gross profit
of $40.8 million for 1998.
This increase was due primarily to the higher sales
noted above.
The overall gross profit percentage increased slightly in 1999 to
29.2% from 27.6% in 1998 due to product mix and improved competitive
conditions, principally in the geographically diverse markets served by
Century.

   
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.
Selling, general and
administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 1999 increased $16.4
million, or 49.4%, to $49.6 million from $33.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 1998.
As a percentage of sales, these costs are 22.7% and 22.4% of
sales in 1999 and 1998, respectively.
The full year effect of the geographical
expansion resulting from acquisitions made during 1998 and 1999 noted above
accounted for a major portion of this increase.

   
Interest Expense.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31,
1999, increased $.7 million to $2.3 million in 1999 from $1.6 million in 1998.

This increase reflects the increased borrowings under Richton's line of credit
incurred to support the higher working capital requirements.
In addition,
higher interest rates due principally to the tightening credit markets for
short term borrowings contributed to this increased cost.

   
Net Income.
For the year ended December 31, 1999, the federal, state and
foreign income tax provision was $4.8 million, and 40% of pre-tax income,
compared to $2.4 million and 41%, respectively, for 1998, an increase of
approximately $2.4 million.
The higher taxes are due to higher pretax income in
1999 as compared to 1998.
The slightly lower tax rate was attributed to lower
state taxes in 1999.

   
As a result of the foregoing, net income for the year ended December 31,
1999 was $7.16 million, or $2.12 per share-diluted.
This compares with $3.53
million, or $1.06 per share-diluted, for the year ended December 31, 1998.
The
higher net income is due principally to increased sales levels as a result of
both acquisitions and internal growth.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Richton's principal source of funding is through its Revolving line of
credit.
For the three months ended March 31, 2001, and 2000 Richton's net cash
used in operations was $8.65 million and $2.87 million, respectively.
The
higher amounts used during 2001 were attributable to a higher operating loss
and to an increase in working capital.
These amounts were totally financed by
Richton's line of credit, which increased $9.91 million and $3.24 million at
March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
The balance of this funding was used to
reduce term and subordinated debt, make acquisitions and capital expenditures.

The measures of the currency of account receivable and inventory performance is
the day's sales outstanding and inventory turnover, respectively.
At March 31,
2001 days sales outstanding increased by approximately 25% when compared to the
same period last year.
The principal cause of the slower collections in 2001 is
due to the delay in the beginning of the selling season, which as noted above
is related to the poor weather.
The lower inventory turnover as compared to
last year is also due to the later start of the selling season.

   
While Richton has continued to generate sufficient cash and gain sufficient
credit availability to liquidate its term and subordinated debt as it becomes
due, and maintain growth, there is no assurance, given the high degree of
leverage, the seasonality of its principal business and the strong construction
economy that has existed, that it can continue to do so in the future.

   
Richton's net worth as of December 31, 2000 increased to $27.8 million from
$19.0 at December 31, 1999.
Richton's long-term debt, including the current
portion, was $5.2 million at December 31, 2000, a decrease of $3.1 million from
December 31, 1999.
In addition, amounts due under lines of credit totaled
$34.1 million as of December 31, 2000 compared with $ 29.0 million as of
December 31, 1999.
The increases in borrowings are primarily due to the higher
working capital needs in both businesses.
Cash flow from operations was $3.1
million in 2000, which compares with $3.4 million in 1999 and $1.3 million used
in operations in 1998.
Richton was thus able to fund it's subordinated debt
repayment and acquire new businesses and make capital improvements by
increasing its debt by only $3.4 million.

   
Richton continues to rely on short-term borrowings to finance its working
capital.
During the first quarter of each year, Century's working capital
requirements are at a low point with short-term borrowings of $38.0 million.

During the second quarter, working capital requirements begin to expand and by
July of each year, the amount necessary to carry the working capital expands to
approximately $45.0 million.
From July through the remainder of the year,
receivable balances are liquidated, releasing substantial amounts of cash that
may be used to reduce short-term debt.
By December 31, 2000, working capital
increased approximately $5.6 million to $ 15.4 million from $ 9.8 million in
1999.
This increase was attributed primarily higher inventory and receivable
balances.
Net worth to total capitalization improved to 44% at December 31,
2000 from 34% as of a year earlier.

   
As of January 1, 2001, Richton has sufficient credit facilities and cash
flow to meet its obligations as they come due over the next 12 months.
Although
Richton believes it will continue to generate cash and have sufficient credit
available to liquidate its term and subordinated debts as they become due,
there is no assurance, given the degree of leverage, the seasonality of its
principal business and the strong construction economy that existed during much
of 2000, that it can continue to do so in the future.

   
During 2000, Richton negotiated several modifications to its existing $67.5
million, five year revolving credit, term loan and security agreement with PNC
Business Credit.
The revolving credit agreement provides for a $60.0 million
revolving credit facility and a $7.5 million five year term loan--now reduced
to $4.25 million.
Loans under this agreement are secured by accounts
receivable, inventory and fixed assets of Century, CBC and CBE.
The revolving
credit loans carry an interest rate based upon LIBOR plus 250 basis points if
Richton's leverage ratio is in excess of 2.5 times trailing twelve month
EBITDA, as defined, or LIBOR plus 225 basis points if the leverage ratio is
lower than 2.5 times trailing twelve month EBITDA, as defined.
The
modifications include a lower applicable margin ( as defined) of 225 and 200
basis points when the leverage ratio is lower than 2.50 or 2.00, respectively.

In addition, certain other restrictive provisions were moderated.


Richton also has a prime rate option.
At December 31, 2000, the interest rate
was 8.9%, or LIBOR plus 225 basis points.
The revolving credit agreement
expires in 2004.
Although Richton believes it will continue to generate cash
and have sufficient credit available to liquidate its term and subordinated
debts as they become due, there is no assurance, given the degree of leverage,
the seasonality of its principal business and the strong construction economy
that existed during much of 2000, that it can continue to do so in the future.

                       
DESCRIPTION OF DEERE CAPITAL STOCK

   Set forth below is a description of the Deere capital stock.
The following
statements are brief summaries of, and are subject to the provisions of, the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Deere and the relevant provisions of
the law of Delaware.

   
Deere currently is authorized to issue up to 600,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $1.00 per share.
Deere is also authorized to issue up to
9,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share, in series.

Deere has not issued any of this preferred stock.
If preferred stock is issued,
Deere's board of directors may fix the designation, relative rights,
preferences and limitations of the shares of each series.

   
Dividends may be paid on the Deere common stock out of funds legally
available for dividends, when and if declared by Deere's board of directors.

   
Holders of the Deere common stock are entitled to share ratably in any
dividends and in any assets available for distribution on liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up, subject, if preferred stock of Deere is then
outstanding, to any preferential rights of such preferred stock.
Each share of
Deere common stock entitles the holder of record to one vote at all meetings of
stockholders, and the votes are non-cumulative.
The Deere common stock is not
redeemable, has no subscription or conversion rights and does not entitle the
holder to any pre-emptive rights.

   
Each holder of Deere common stock is also the holder of one preferred stock
purchase right for each share of Deere common stock.
Each right represents the
right to purchase one three hundredth of a share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock of Deere at a price of $225 and is exercisable upon occurrence
of certain specified events.

   
The Bank of New York is the transfer agent and registrar for the Deere
common stock.

                        
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

   Deere and Richton are both organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware.
Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of Deere common
stock and Richton common stock will arise from differences in their respective
certificates of incorporation and bylaws and, in the case of Deere, from the
existence of a rights agreement.
Under the terms of the merger agreement,
Richton stockholders have the right to receive the merger consideration in the
form of Deere common stock.
At the effective time of the merger, the rights of
Richton stockholders who receive Deere common stock in the merger will be
governed by Delaware law, Deere's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and Deere's amended bylaws.
The following is a summary of the
material differences between the current rights of Richton stockholders and the
rights of Deere stockholders.

   
The following discussions are not intended to be complete and are qualified
by reference to Richton's restated certificate of incorporation, Richton's
bylaws, Deere's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Deere's
amended bylaws.
In addition, the identification of some of the differences in
the rights of these stockholders as material is not intended to indicate that
other differences that are equally important do not exist.
We urge you to read
carefully the relevant provisions of Delaware law, as well as the respective
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Deere and Richton.
Copies of
Deere's and Richton's documents are incorporated by reference into this
document.
Copies of these documents will be sent to you upon request.
See
"Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 66.

 
SUMMARY OF MATERIAL DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE RIGHTS OF RICHTON STOCKHOLDERS AND
                        THE RIGHTS OF DEERE STOCKHOLDERS

                    Richton Stockholder Rights            Deere Stockholder Rights
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Authorized     The authorized capital stock of      The authorized capital stock of
   Capital       Richton currently consists of        Deere currently consists of
   Stock:        6,500,000 shares of capital          609,000,000 shares of capital
                 stock, consisting of (1)             stock, consisting of (1)
                 6,000,000 shares of Richton          600,000,000 shares of Deere
                 common stock, par value $0.10        common stock, par value $1.00
                 per share, and (2) 500,000           per share, and (2) 9,000,000
                 shares of preferred stock, par       shares of preferred stock, par
                 value $1.00 per share.               
value $1.00 per share.


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Number of      Richton's bylaws provide that        Deere's certificate of
   Directors;    the authorized number of             incorporation provides that the
   Classified    directors shall be not less than     board of directors shall consist
   Board:        5 nor more than 12 as determined     of not less than 3 nor more than
                 by the board of directors, The       18 directors as determined by
                 Richton board of directors           the affirmative vote of a
                 currently consists of 6              majority of the directors then
                 directors, divided into three        on the board.
The Deere board of
                 classes of relatively equal          directors currently consists of
                 number, with each director           12 directors, divided into three
                 elected to a term expiring at        classes of relatively equal
                 the third succeeding annual          number, with each director
                 meeting of stockholders.             
elected to a term expiring at
                                                      the third succeeding annual
                                                      meeting of stockholders.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Removal of     Richton directors may be removed     Deere directors may be removed
   Directors:    with or without cause by the         only for cause by the
                 affirmative votes of the holders     affirmative vote of the holders
                 of at least a majority of the        of a majority of the votes cast
                 votes cast by the holders of         by the holders of shares
                 shares entitled to vote thereon      entitled to vote thereon at a
                 at a meeting of stockholders.        meeting of stockholders.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Calling a      Special meetings of the Richton      Special meetings of the Deere
   Special       stockholders may be called by        stockholders may be called by
   Meeting       the chairman of the board of         the chairman of the board of
   of            directors or a majority of the       directors or the board of
   Stockholders: board of directors.                  directors.

                  
Richton Stockholder Rights            Deere Stockholder Rights
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Nomination   No provisions.                       
Under Deere's bylaws,
   of                                               nominations of persons for
   Directors                                        election as directors may be
   and Other                                        made at a meeting of
   Business:                                        stockholders only by the board
                                                    of directors or a board-
                                                    authorized person, or by any
                                                    stockholder of Deere entitled to
                                                    vote in the election of
                                                    directors, provided such
                                                    stockholder sends written notice
                                                    to the Secretary of Deere
                                                    proposing the nominee for
                                                    election as a director.
The
                                                    notice must contain specified
                                                    information regarding the
                                                    nominee for election as a
                                                    director and the nominating
                                                    stockholder, and must be
                                                    received by Deere not less than
                                                    90 days nor more than 120 days
                                                    prior to the meeting.

                                                    
In addition, Deere's bylaws
                                                    provide that for business to be
                                                    properly brought before any
                                                    annual or special meeting of
                                                    stockholders, it must be either
                                                    specified in the notice of
                                                    meeting from the Board of
                                                    Directors, otherwise properly
                                                    brought before the meeting by or
                                                    at the direction of the Board or
                                                    properly brought before the
                                                    meeting by a stockholder.
For
                                                    business to be properly brought
                                                    before a meeting by a
                                                    stockholder, the stockholder
                                                    must send notice to the
                                                    Secretary of Deere setting forth
                                                    a brief description of the
                                                    business, the stockholder's name
                                                    and other information regarding
                                                    the stockholder and any interest
                                                    the stockholder has in the
                                                    proposed business.
The notice
                                                    must be received by Deere not
                                                    less than 90 days nor more than
                                                    120 days prior to the meeting.


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Stockholder  Stockholders may act by written      Stockholders may not act by
   Action by   consent in lieu of a meeting.        
written consent in lieu of a
   Written                                          meeting.
   
Consent:

                        Richton Stockholder Rights        Deere Stockholder Rights
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Approval of        The affirmative vote of at least   Not applicable.
   
Business          80% of the voting power of the
   Combinations:     capital stock is required to (i)
                     adopt any agreement providing
                     for the merger or consolidation
                     of Richton or (ii) the sale,
                     lease or exchange of all or
                     substantially all of the assets
                     of Richton to, or any sale,
                     lease or exchange to Richton in
                     exchange for securities of
                     Richton of any assets of any
                     other corporation, person or
                     entity if the other corporation,
                     person or entity owns more than
                     10% of the outstanding stock of
                     Richton; provided that this
                     provision is not applicable to
                     any transaction if the board of
                     directors has approved a
                     memorandum of understanding with
                     respect to the transaction.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Amendment of       Generally, Richton's certificate   The affirmative vote of at least
   Certificate       of incorporation may be amended,   a majority of outstanding shares
   of Incorporation: following approval by Richton's    of Deere common stock is
                     board of directors, by the         required to amend the Deere
                     affirmative vote of the holders    certificate of incorporation.
                     of a majority of the outstanding
                     stock entitled to vote.
In
                     addition, Richton's certificate
                     of incorporation provides that
                     the affirmative vote of the
                     holders of at least 80% of the
                     voting power of the outstanding
                     capital stock of the company is
                     required to amend provisions in
                     Richton's certificate of
                     incorporation related to:

                     .  
the requirement discussed
                        above that the affirmative
                        vote of at least 80% of the
                        voting power of the capital
                        stock is required to approve
                        business combinations;

                     .  
the certificate of
                        incorporation provision
                        providing for 80% voting
                        requirements; and

                     .  
the requirement that the
                        bylaw provision setting forth
                        the number, election,
                        classification and terms of
                        directors may be amended or
                        repealed by the affirmative
                        vote of the holders of at
                        least 80% of the voting power
                        of the outstanding capital
                        stock of the company.

                     
Richton Stockholder Rights        Deere Stockholder Rights
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Amendment of    Richton's bylaws may be amended,   Deere's bylaws may be amended,
   Bylaws:        supplemented or repealed by the    supplemented or repealed by the
                  board of directors of the          stockholders of the company or
                  company.
Richton stockholders      the board of directors of the
                  may also amend, supplement or      company.
                  
repeal bylaws of the company,
                  except that the affirmative vote
                  of the holders of at least 80%
                  of the voting power of the
                  outstanding capital stock of the
                  company is required to amend,
                  supplement or repeal provisions
                  in Richton's bylaws relating to
                  the number, election,
                  classification and terms of
                  directors.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Interested      Under Delaware law, an             Deere has not made such an
   Stockholders:  interested stockholder, defined    election.
                  generally as a person owning 15%
                  or more of a corporation's
                  outstanding voting stock, is
                  prevented from engaging in a
                  business combination with the
                  corporation for three years
                  following the time that person
                  became an interested
                  stockholder, unless:

                  .  
the board, before the time
                     the person became an
                     interested stockholder,
                     approved either the business
                     combination or the
                     transaction that resulted in
                     the person becoming an
                     interested stockholder;

                  .  
the person became an
                     interested stockholder and
                     85% owner of the voting stock
                     in the transaction, excluding
                     shares owned by directors and
                     officers and shares owned by
                     some employee stock plans; or

                  .  
the combination transaction
                     is approved by the board and
                     authorized by the affirmative
                     vote of at least two-thirds
                     of the outstanding voting
                     stock not owned by the
                     interested stockholder.

                  
A Delaware corporation can elect
                  in its charter or bylaws not to
                  be governed by this provision of
                  Delaware law.
Richton has not
                  made such an election.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

   
The legality of the Deere common stock offered hereby will be passed upon
for Deere by James R. Jenkins, general counsel of Deere.
Mr. Jenkins
beneficially owns or has rights to acquire an aggregate of less than [0.01%] of
Deere's common stock.
Each of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel
to Deere, and Sills Cummis Radin Tischman Epstein & Gross, P.A., counsel to
Richton, will deliver opinions concerning the federal income tax consequences
of the merger.

                                    
EXPERTS

   The financial statements of Richton International Corporation as of December
31, 2000 and December 31, 1999 and for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2000 included in this proxy statement/prospectus have been
audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as indicated in
their reports with respect thereto, and are included herein in reliance upon
the authority of said firm as experts in giving said reports.

   
The financial statements and the related financial statement schedule
incorporated in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Deere &
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2000 have
been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their
report, which is incorporated herein by reference, and have been so
incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

   As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the Richton board of
directors is not aware of any matters that will be presented for consideration
at the special meeting other than as described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.
If any other matters come before the special meeting or
any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting and are voted upon,
the enclosed proxy will confer discretionary authority on the individuals named
as a proxy to vote the shares represented by the proxy as to any other matters.

The individuals named as proxies intend to vote or not to vote in accordance
with the recommendation of the management of Richton.

                      
FUTURE RICHTON STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   
If the merger is not consummated, Richton will hold an annual meeting of
stockholders in 2001.
If such meeting is held, for a stockholder proposal to be
considered for inclusion in Richton's proxy statement for the 2001 annual
meeting, the proposal must be received at Richton's offices no later than
August 20, 2001.
Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
contains standards as to what stockholder proposals are to be included in a
proxy statement.

   
In the event the merger is not consummated and the Richton 2001 annual
meeting is held, if a stockholder intends to present a proposal for
consideration or make a nomination for director at the 2001annual meeting
outside the processes of Rule 14a-8 to be considered "timely" within the
meaning of Rule 14a-4(c) under the Securities Exchange Act, the proposal must
have been received by Richton by October 1, 2001.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Deere and Richton file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC under the Exchange Act.
You may
read and copy this information at the following locations of the SEC:

   Public
    Reference
    Room            North East Regional              Midwest Regional Office
   450 Fifth
    Street,
    N.W.
    Office          7 World Trade Center             500 West Madison Street
   Room 1024        Suite 1300                       Suite 1400
   Washington,
    D.C. 20549      New York, New York 10048         Chicago, Illinois 60661-2511

   
The public may obtain information on the operations of the Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0300.
You may also obtain copies of this
information by mail from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates.

   
The SEC also maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy statements
and other information about issuers, like Deere and Richton, who file
electronically with the SEC.
The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov.

   
You may also obtain information about Deere, including printer-friendly
versions of Deere's SEC reports, at http://www.deere.com.

   
You can also inspect reports, proxy statements and other information about
Deere at the offices of the NYSE, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.

   
You can also inspect reports, proxy statements and other information about
Richton at the offices of the AMEX, 86 Trinity Place, New York, New York 10006.

   
Deere has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities
Act to register with the SEC the Deere common stock to be issued pursuant to
the merger agreement.
This proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that
registration statement.
As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you can find in the
registration statement or the exhibits to the registration statement.
You may
obtain copies of the Form S-4 (and any amendments to those documents) in the
manner described above.

   
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this proxy
statement/prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to
you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC.
The
information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by information
contained directly in this proxy statement/prospectus or in any document filed
after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus by Deere with the SEC under
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act until the meeting of
Richton's stockholders.
This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by
reference the documents set forth below that Deere and Richton have previously
filed with the SEC.
These documents contain important information about Deere
and Richton and their financial condition.

     
Deere SEC Filings                            Period
     -----------------                            ------

     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated July 3, 2001
     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated June 28, 2001
     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated May 15, 2001
     Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q............... Quarter ended April 30, 2001
     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated April 5, 2001
     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated March 22, 2001
     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated March 21, 2001
     Current Report on Form 8-K..................
Dated February 13, 2001
     Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q...............
Quarter ended January 31, 2001
     Proxy Statement.............................
Filed January 17, 2001

     Deere SEC Filings                              Period
     -----------------                              ------

     Current Report on Form 8-K....................
Dated December 11, 2000
     Current Report on Form 8-K....................
Dated November 27, 2000
     Current Report on Form 8-K....................
Dated November 21, 2000
     Annual Report on Form 10-K....................
Year ended October 31, 2000

     Richton SEC Filings                            Period
     -------------------                            ------

     Current Report on Form 8-K....................
Dated June 11, 2001
     Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.................
Quarter ended March 31, 2001
     Annual Report on Form 10-K....................
Year ended December 31, 2000

   Each of Deere and Richton incorporates by reference the documents listed
above, and any additional documents filed by each of them with the SEC under
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act until Richton's meeting
of stockholders.

   
You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this document to vote on the merger agreement and the merger.

Neither Deere nor Richton has authorized anyone to provide you with information
that is different from what is contained in this document.
This document is
dated as of the date set forth on the cover page.
You should not assume that
the information contained in this document is accurate as of any date other
than this date, and neither the mailing of this document to stockholders nor
the delivery of Deere common stock pursuant to the merger shall create any
implication to the contrary.

                     
INDEX TO RICHTON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
  Report of Independent Public Accountants................................  
F-2
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999............  F-3
  Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2000,
   1999 and 1998..........................................................  F-4
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended
   December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.......................................  F-5
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31,
   2000, 1999 and 1998....................................................  F-6
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..............................  
F-7
MARCH 31, 2001 AND 2000
  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended March
   31, 2001 and 2000 (Unaudited).......................................... F-17
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2001 (Unaudited) and
   December 31, 2000...................................................... F-18
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended March
   31, 2001 and 2000 (Unaudited).......................................... F-19
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).................. F-20

                                      F-1

                    Report of Independent Public Accountants

To Richton International Corporation and Subsidiaries:

   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Richton
International Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2000.
These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

   
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States.
Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

   