URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/19446/000091205701522524/0000912057-01-522524.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In September 2000, Charles M. Diker, Chairman of Cantel, and James P.
Reilly, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cantel, requested a meeting
with William Hope, a director and then acting Chief Executive Officer of
Minntech, and Dr. Fred Shapiro, a co-founder and director of Minntech, to
discuss the possibility of a business relationship between the two companies.

    
On September 11, Messrs. Diker and Reilly met with Messrs. Hope and Shapiro
in the Minneapolis area.
At this meeting, the participants discussed generally
their respective company's businesses and potential strategic business
arrangements that might benefit both Cantel and Minntech, including a possible
business combination.
The discussions remained at a general level, and there was
no discussion regarding the specific terms of a possible transaction.

    
In conjunction with the initial discussions with Minntech, Cantel retained
Nexus Health Capital, LLC as its financial advisor and retained Fried, Frank,
Harris, Shriver & Jacobson as its legal counsel.
Consultations with these
advisors continued throughout the merger discussions.
Working with its advisors,
Cantel began in September to conduct a due diligence investigation of Minntech
using only publicly available materials and began an analysis of a possible
business combination.

    
Between September 6 and September 19, Cantel purchased 103,000 shares of
Minntech common stock in open market transactions for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $725,000.

    
On September 28, Messrs. Diker and Reilly, and Roy Malkin, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Cantel's MediVators subsidiary, and Messrs. Hope and
Shapiro met in the Minneapolis area and again discussed general issues
concerning a possible transaction.
During this discussion, Messrs. Diker, Reilly
and Malkin indicated to Messrs. Hope and Shapiro that they were prepared to
consider a merger of the two companies, pursuant to which Minntech shareholders
would receive $10.00 per share, payable in cash and Cantel common stock.

Messrs. Hope and Shapiro indicated their view that a price per share of at least
$12.00 would have to be paid by Cantel in any transaction.
They further
requested that Cantel submit a proposal with specific terms if it wished to
proceed with the idea of a combination of the companies.

    
On September 29, Cantel submitted a non-binding written proposal summarizing
the basic structure and terms of a possible transaction between Cantel and
Minntech.
The material terms of the proposal, based upon what Cantel stated was
its preliminary analysis of Minntech, were that each shareholder of Minntech
would receive, for each share of Minntech common stock, $6.00 in cash and a
fraction of a share of Cantel common stock with a value, at the time of fixing
the exchange ratio, of

$6.00.
The proposal stated that the exchange ratio would be set at the time of
signing a definitive agreement.
On September 29, the closing price of Minntech
common stock was $6.88.
Cantel also stated that, upon execution by Minntech of
an agreement providing Cantel with a 45-day exclusivity period to negotiate a
definitive merger agreement, the due diligence process could proceed.

    
On October 10, the board of directors of Minntech met to consider the Cantel
proposal and possible alternatives.
Present at the meeting were officers of
Minntech, representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., and Minntech's
legal counsel, Faegre & Benson LLP.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed with
the board the proposal and possible alternatives to it and provided the board
with information concerning the market performance and operations of Cantel.
The
board determined to engage U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray as its financial advisor
and instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to supply additional information to
the board at its next meeting to assist the board in determining whether to
pursue a business combination and, if so, the most desirable process for
proceeding.

    
Following discussions among Cantel's and Minntech's representatives, Cantel,
by letter dated October 16, confirmed its interest in pursuing a business
combination and proposed to increase the cash portion of the consideration to
Minntech shareholders to $6.60 per Minntech share, and to set the exchange ratio
for the stock portion of the consideration at .54 of a share of Cantel common
stock for each share of Minntech common stock.
Based on the closing price of
Cantel common stock on October 16, the total value of the proposed consideration
for each Minntech share was $11.53.
On October 16, the closing price of Minntech
common stock was $6.88.
The letter also proposed structuring the transaction as
a cash-election merger with an adjustment to the cash and stock components if
necessary to retain tax-free treatment for Minntech shareholders of the stock
portion of the consideration.
Cantel stated again that, if Minntech agreed to
execute an agreement providing Cantel with a 45-day exclusivity period to
negotiate a definitive merger agreement, Cantel and Minntech could proceed with
a reciprocal due diligence process.

    
The board of Minntech met on October 17.
Also present at the meeting were
officers of Minntech and representatives of Faegre & Benson and U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray.
After the board reviewed financial information concerning
Minntech with its officers, Faegre & Benson discussed the fiduciary duties of
the directors in determining whether to pursue a possible business combination
or sale.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray then discussed with the board Cantel's
latest proposal, supplied the board with further information concerning Cantel
and its stock, provided an analysis of Minntech, and described potential
alternatives to Cantel's proposal and various processes for exploring those
alternatives.
After discussion, the board authorized U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
to establish a process for pursuing discussions with a number of potential
purchasers, including Cantel.
After the board meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray informed Nexus Health Capital that Minntech would not agree to an
exclusivity period for negotiations with Cantel, and that U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray would be establishing a process for pursuing potential purchasers,
including Cantel.

    
On October 24, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray notified Cantel that Minntech
would consider the sale of the company only through a formal auction process.
As
a result, on October 25, Cantel withdrew its proposal.

    
In October and November, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Minntech prepared a
descriptive memorandum to be provided to potential acquirors, including both
strategic buyers that were in the medical device industry or that were likely to
be interested in entering the medical device industry and financial buyers that
would likely regard Minntech as an attractive investment.
At Minntech's
direction, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray contacted 23 potential acquirors to
ascertain their level of interest in pursuing a transaction.
Sixteen of the
contacted parties, including Cantel, expressed sufficient interest to be
provided with copies of the descriptive memorandum.
Fourteen of the sixteen,
including Cantel, entered into confidentiality agreements, and the remaining two
received a redacted memorandum.
Under the process established by U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray, six of the potential acquirors, including

Cantel, submitted written expressions of interest in late November.
The other
ten potential acquirors did not submit expressions of interest.

    
The material terms of the non-binding preliminary indication of interest
submitted by Cantel, on November 28, were that Cantel would provide, subject to
Cantel board approval, completion of due diligence and the negotiation of a
satisfactory definitive agreement, that each shareholder of Minntech would
receive, for each share of Minntech common stock, $6.70 in cash and 0.59 of a
share of Cantel common stock.
Based on the closing price of Cantel common stock
on November 28, the value of the cash and Cantel stock proposed to be exchanged
for each share of Minntech common stock would have had a value of $11.50.

Minntech's closing stock price on November 28 was $6.31.
The indication of
interest also provided for a cash-election feature, which would have permitted
Minntech shareholders to elect to receive a larger or smaller portion of their
payment in cash so long as approximately 60% of the total payments to Minntech
shareholders was in cash.
The proposal also stated that financing for the cash
portion of the consideration was expected to be provided by Summit Bancorp (now
Fleet Bank, N.A.), that Cantel intended to continue the operations of Minntech
in the Minneapolis area, and that up to two seats on the Cantel board of
directors would be offered to designees of Minntech.

    
Minntech's board of directors met on November 29 to review with U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray the expressions of interest that had been submitted.
Minntech's
board authorized U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to invite the five potential
acquirors that indicated interest at the highest valuations, including Cantel,
to participate in a due diligence review of Minntech.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
was authorized to invite the sixth potential acquiror that had expressed an
interest to perform due diligence if that corporation would increase its
valuation range to the range of the other five potential acquirors, but the
sixth party determined not to do so.
Minntech's closing stock price on
November 29 was $6.50.

    
During December 2000 and January 2001, each of the five potential acquirors
that were invited to participate in the due diligence review, including Cantel,
met separately with Minntech's management and reviewed confidential due
diligence materials in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
requested that each of the five potential acquirors submit a final acquisition
proposal following those meetings and include in the proposal their comments on
a draft acquisition agreement provided by Faegre & Benson.
On December 18,
Cantel retained DrKW to assist with the due diligence review of Minntech and to
provide an opinion with respect to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
to Cantel of any transaction that might take place between Cantel and Minntech.

In addition, in January, Minntech entered into a confidentiality agreement with
respect to Cantel information and began a due diligence investigation of Cantel.

    
On January 29, 2001, the deadline imposed by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and
Minntech for submitting final acquisition proposals, only one of the potential
acquirors, Cantel, submitted a proposal.

    
The material terms of Cantel's proposal were that Cantel would provide that
each shareholder of Minntech would receive, for each share of Minntech common
stock, $6.10 in cash and 0.38681 of a share of Cantel common stock.
The revised
proposal was otherwise substantially similar to the November 28 proposal.
Based
on the closing price of Cantel common stock on January 29, which had increased
after the dates of its previous proposals, the proposal represented a value of
$10.65 for each Minntech share.
Minntech's closing stock price on January 29 was
$7.38.

    
Throughout the process, senior management of both companies had numerous
discussions regarding various business, financial, operational and technical
issues involved in combining the companies.
Also throughout the process, both
boards of directors met and were updated by their senior management with respect
to the status of negotiations and due diligence.

    
On January 31, the board of directors of Minntech met.
In attendance were
officers of Minntech and representatives of Faegre & Benson and U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray summarized the process, including the
parties that had been contacted, that had expressed initial interest, that had
submitted written expressions of interest, and that had conducted due diligence.

U.S.

Bancorp Piper Jaffray then analyzed the Cantel proposal, the financing that
would be needed by Cantel to complete the merger, and the operations and
financial condition of Cantel.
Faegre & Benson reviewed the fiduciary duties of
the directors in deciding whether to proceed in negotiations with Cantel and
discussed Cantel's proposed revisions to the draft acquisition agreement
provided to Cantel.
The officers of Minntech then left the meeting and the
outside directors of Minntech reviewed Minntech's current operations and future
prospects and the Cantel proposal.
The outside directors then invited R. James
Danehy, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Minntech, into the meeting to
express his views regarding the proposal.
The board determined to authorize U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray to attempt to negotiate with Cantel a higher acquisition
price.
The board also requested that U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray attempt to
negotiate a collar provision with respect to the Cantel stock to protect
Minntech shareholders against the risk of the market price of Cantel's stock
dropping substantially before completion of the merger.
The board also
instructed its counsel to negotiate the major unresolved issues in the
acquisition agreement, subject to review by the board of directors at its next
meeting.
Minntech's closing stock price on January 31 was $7.73.

    
Following the January 31 board meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Nexus
Health Capital conducted further price negotiations.
Initially, Nexus Health
Capital stated that Cantel would not agree to more than a nominal increase in
its January 29 proposal.
At a telephonic meeting of the board of directors of
Minntech on February 7, the board instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to
continue to seek a higher per-share price.
Following further negotiations
between the financial advisors, Cantel proposed, in a letter dated February 12,
that Cantel would increase the per share cash consideration from $6.10 to $6.25
but would reduce the per-share stock consideration to .38462 shares of Cantel
stock.
However, because Cantel's market price had increased between January 29
and February 12 from $11.75 to $13.00, the value of the Cantel stock proposed to
be exchanged for each share of Minntech's stock, based on Cantel's closing stock
price on February 12, increased from $4.55 to $5.00 and the total cash and stock
consideration under Cantel's February 12 proposal increased from $10.65 to
$11.25.
Minntech's closing price on February 12 was $7.48.
Cantel would not,
however, agree to Minntech's request for a collar provision with respect the
number of Cantel shares to be issued.

    
The board of directors of Minntech met again on February 14.
Officers of
Minntech and representatives of Faegre & Benson and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
also attended the meeting.
The board discussed the new Cantel proposal.
The
Board expressed concern that there was no downside protection to the amount of
Cantel stock to be offered in the merger and no right for Minntech to terminate
the agreement if Cantel's stock price decreased significantly before completion
of the merger.
The board's concern arose primarily as a result of the
substantial increase in Cantel's stock price (from $8.63 on September 11 when
discussions between the companies began to $13.44 on February 14) and the
inherent uncertainty as to whether or not the increase would be short-lived.

Faegre & Benson then discussed the major areas of disagreement between Minntech
and Cantel concerning the proposed merger agreement.
These disagreements
included the amount of termination fees required to be paid to Cantel if the
agreement was terminated because Minntech's board of directors withdrew its
recommendation of the Cantel merger, Minntech entered into an acquisition
agreement with a third party, or similar events occurred.
Cantel's proposal was
conditioned on a termination fee of $3 million and expense reimbursement of up
to $1 million.
Minntech had proposed that the fee would be 2% of the purchase
price (approximately $1.5 million, assuming a per-share merger price of $11.25)
and that the reimbursement of Cantel's out-of-pocket expenses would not exceed
$750,000.
In addition, Minntech's board desired the right to terminate the
agreement immediately if it approved a superior acquisition transaction with
another party, but Cantel wanted to require Minntech, in that event, to hold a
shareholders' meeting to vote on the Cantel merger agreement before Minntech
could terminate the agreement.

    
At its February 14 meeting, the Minntech board formed a special committee,
in accordance with Minnesota statutes, consisting of all of the directors who
had not been officers or employees of Minntech within the preceding five years.

The special committee discussed whether to pursue Cantel's February 12 proposal
and instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to attempt to negotiate a collar
provision and the ability for Minntech to terminate the agreement if Cantel's
stock price dropped substantially.
Minntech's closing stock price on
February 14 was $7.56.

    
Following the February 14 meeting, discussions continued between U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Nexus Health Capital.
Following these discussions, by
letter dated February 22, Cantel submitted a revision to its proposal that
provided that each shareholder of Minntech would receive, for each share of
Minntech common stock, $6.75 in cash and a fraction of a share of Cantel common
stock valued at $4.50, based on the average closing price of Cantel common stock
during a measurement period of seven consecutive trading days ending shortly
before closing of the merger.
The proposal included a downside collar and an
upside collar on the exchange ratio.
As a result, Minntech shareholders would
receive $11.25 per share, so long as the average closing price of Cantel's
common stock was at least $11.70 and at or below an amount to be calculated
based on a percentage above Cantel's closing price at the time of signing the
merger agreement equal to the percentage that $11.70 was below this closing
price.
On February 22, the closing price of Minntech common stock was $7.44, and
the closing price of Cantel common stock was $13.63.
Cantel also agreed to
reduce its proposed termination fee from $3 million to $2.25 million, and its
maximum reimbursable expenses from $1 million to $750,000.

    
The Minntech board met by telephone conference on February 26 with officers
of Minntech and representatives of Faegre & Benson and U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray to consider the February 22 proposal from Cantel.
The board continued to
express concern about being obligated to complete the merger even if the market
price of Cantel's stock dropped substantially below $11.70 shortly before
completion of the merger.
The Minntech Board instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray and Faegre & Benson to advise Cantel's financial advisor and legal
counsel that Minntech wanted the right to terminate the agreement if Cantel's
average stock price during that period was less than $9.75.
This termination
price was selected because, under the Cantel proposal, it would result in a
total value in the merger for each Minntech share equal to $10.50.
The board
also instructed its advisors to inform Cantel that the merger agreement should
provide Minntech with an immediate right to terminate the agreement if Minntech
approved a superior offer from another prospective acquiror.
On February 26,
Minntech's closing stock price was $7.67, and Cantel's closing price was $17.75.

    
On February 27, Faegre & Benson discussed the board's position with Fried,
Frank, and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed the board's position with Nexus
Health Capital.
Cantel's advisors initially rejected the ability of Minntech to
terminate the transaction if Cantel's average stock price dropped below $9.75.

They did state that Cantel would permit Minntech to terminate the agreement
before its shareholders meeting if the board's fiduciary duties required that it
recommend a better offer, provided that Cantel was first given five business
days' notice and a right to match the better offer.
Later on February 27, Nexus
Health Capital informed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray that Cantel also would revise
its proposal to permit Minntech to terminate the agreement if Cantel's average
stock price shortly before the merger dropped below $9.75, so long as Cantel
could prevent such a termination by agreeing to provide additional cash or
Cantel stock, or both, to Minntech's shareholders to enable Minntech's
shareholders to receive $10.50 in value for each of their shares.

    
Minntech's board of directors met on February 28 with officers of Minntech
and representatives of Faegre & Benson and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.
U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray informed the board of Cantel's modified proposal and
Faegre & Benson advised the board of its fiduciary duties and discussed the
status of the negotiation of the merger agreement.
The board determined that it
had no preference for a non-taxable transaction, and that each Minntech
shareholder should receive the same combination of cash and Cantel stock in the
merger and, therefore, that the agreement should not contain a cash-election
feature.
The board instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and its legal counsel
to continue

negotiations with Cantel in an attempt to arrive at a mutually acceptable merger
agreement, subject to review by the board.

    
On March 7, Cantel's board of directors held a meeting to discuss the
proposed transaction, including the results of management's due diligence
findings.
Cantel officers and Dornbush Mensch Mandelstam & Schaeffer, LLP
("Dornbush Mensch"), Cantel's general counsel, were present at the meeting.

Cantel's officers summarized Minntech's business, as well as the results of
Cantel's due diligence investigation of Minntech.
Cantel's board held an
extensive discussion regarding the relative merits and risks of the potential
merger, including the valuation of Minntech's stock and the risks associated
with Minntech's business.
The Cantel board of directors directed Cantel's
management to continue its due diligence investigation of Minntech and
determined that a subsequent meeting should be held after Cantel completed its
due diligence.

    
Throughout March, negotiations were conducted among the parties' legal and
financial advisors regarding the details, terms and conditions of the merger
agreement.
In early March, Minntech informed Cantel about liabilities of
Minntech related to unpaid state sales and income taxes.
Throughout March,
Cantel conducted additional due diligence, including with respect to these tax
liabilities.

    
At a meeting of the board of directors of Minntech on March 28, Faegre &
Benson informed the board of the status of its negotiations with counsel to
Cantel regarding the merger agreement, and the board and Minntech's officers and
advisers discussed the status of their due diligence investigation of Cantel and
due diligence issues regarding Minntech that were being raised by Cantel.

    
Following further due diligence by Cantel in late March and in April, Cantel
informed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Mr. Hope in mid April, that Cantel was
reducing its proposed purchase price to $10.85 per Minntech share.
After
negotiations with U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Mr. Hope, Cantel agreed that
its reduction would be to $11.00 per Minntech share, consisting of $6.75 in cash
and $4.25 of Cantel stock based on the average closing price of Cantel stock
during a period ending shortly before the closing of the merger.
The stock
portion of the merger consideration would have a value of $4.25 so long as the
average closing price of Cantel's stock shortly before completion of the merger
was not less than $11.70 or more than $17.74.
Cantel proposed that Minntech
would continue to have the right to terminate the agreement if the payment to
Minntech shareholders for each of their shares would be less than $10.50, unless
Cantel provided additional cash or Cantel stock, or both, to Minntech's
shareholders to enable them to receive cash and Cantel stock with a value of
$10.50 per Minntech share.

    
At a meeting of the board of directors of Minntech on April 25, U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray and Mr. Hope informed the board of the negotiations and Cantel's
proposed decrease in merger consideration from $11.25 to $11.00 per Minntech
share.
Minntech's closing stock price on that date was $8.67 and Cantel's was
$15.00.
Minntech's officers also reviewed with the board updated preliminary
estimates of Minntech's results of operations for the fourth quarter of fiscal
year 2001 ending March 31, 2001, and for fiscal year 2001, subject to completion
of the 2001 audit.
They also discussed preliminary views concerning Minntech's
projected performance for fiscal 2002.
Both fiscal 2001 and 2002 projections
were substantially below projections that had previously been provided to Cantel
and the other prospective acquirors.
The board instructed the officers to
finalize the fourth quarter financial information and the projections for fiscal
2002 and to provide them to Cantel.
Faegre & Benson distributed copies of the
most recent draft of the merger agreement and due diligence materials concerning
Cantel to the board and discussed with the board the status of the negotiations
regarding the merger agreement and the most significant remaining issues.

Faegre & Benson also discussed the board's fiduciary duties in considering the
revised Cantel proposal.
The special committee then met to discuss Minntech's
performance and outlook, and the special committee and the board of directors
determined to continue negotiations with Cantel.

    
Following the April 25 meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray delivered to
Cantel tentative financial data prepared by Minntech for the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2001 and projections for fiscal 2002.
Mr. Reilly, Mr. Malkin and Craig A.
Sheldon, Vice President and Controller of Cantel met with representatives of
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and certain officers of Minntech on May 7 to discuss
these results and projections.
Following that meeting, Mr. Reilly proposed to
Mr. Hope a reduction in the merger price for each Minntech share from $11.00 to
$10.25, consisting of $6.25 in cash and $4.00 in Cantel stock, based on the
average closing price of Cantel stock shortly before the closing of the merger.

The revised proposal was confirmed in a letter from Cantel dated May 12.

Although Cantel's previous proposal had provided that Minntech could terminate
the merger agreement if the value of the cash and Cantel stock delivered in
exchange for each Minntech share was less than $10.50, the termination price
under the May 12 proposal was reduced to $10.00 per share, subject again to
Cantel's right to avoid termination by agreeing to pay cash or additional Cantel
stock, or both, to Minntech's shareholders to bring the per-share merger price
up to $10.00.
On May 11, Minntech's closing stock price was $8.55, and Cantel's
closing stock price was $17.39.

    
On May 15, the board of directors of Minntech met to discuss Cantel's
May 12 proposal.
Officers of Minntech and representatives of Faegre & Benson and
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also attended the meeting.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
discussed the new proposal, presented an analysis of Minntech and discussed the
operations and financial condition of Cantel, its stock, and the financing
needed by Cantel to complete merger.
The special committee then met to discuss
the proposal, the outlook for the company, and the status of due diligence
regarding Cantel.
Officers of Minntech also discussed the prospects of Minntech
with the special committee.
Following the discussions, the special committee
authorized U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to make an alternative proposal to Nexus
Health Capital of $6.25 in cash and $4.50 in value of Cantel's stock, for total
consideration of $10.75 for each Minntech share.
Minntech's closing stock price
on May 15 was $8.70 and Cantel's was $18.40.

    
Following discussions with U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Nexus Health Capital
informed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray on May 16 that Cantel was willing to propose
$6.25 in cash and $4.25 in Cantel stock for each Minntech share.
Cantel
continued to propose a termination right for Minntech's board of directors if
the per-share merger price was under $10.00, based on the average closing price
of Cantel stock shortly before completion of the merger, again subject to the
right of Cantel to avoid termination by increasing the merger consideration to
$10.00 through additional payments of cash or Cantel stock, or both.
Cantel also
agreed that the $4.25 of Cantel stock would be paid so long as Cantel's average
closing stock price was not lower than $15.00, regardless of how high the stock
of Cantel was trading when the merger agreement was signed.

    
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray informed the board of Minntech of the new
proposal at a telephonic board meeting on May 16.
The board determined to
continue negotiations but to defer final consideration of the new proposal until
negotiation of the merger agreement and due diligence on Cantel was completed
and Cantel received a bank commitment for the financing of the cash portion of
the merger consideration.
Minntech's closing stock price on May 16 was $8.60,
and Cantel's closing stock price was $22.01.

    
At a telephonic meeting on May 17, the Minntech board discussed Minntech's
proposed press release relating to its fiscal 2001 earnings, which, as discussed
above, were substantially below prior projections.
After the stock market closed
on May 17, Minntech issued the release.
In that release, Minntech announced that
it was in merger negotiations with a public company for cash and stock with an
aggregate value of $10.50 per Minntech share, subject to adjustment.
Minntech's
stock closed at $8.95 on May 18 following this news.

    
On May 21, the board of directors of Cantel held a special telephonic
meeting to consider the final results of Cantel's due diligence investigation of
Minntech, and to consider the revised terms and conditions of the proposed
transaction.
Nexus Health Capital, Fried, Frank and Dornbush Mensch

participated in the meeting.
Cantel's officers and financial advisors discussed
with the board Cantel's and Minntech's separate and pro forma combined financial
and business information, the strategic rationale for a combination of the two
companies, and the results of Cantel's due diligence investigation of Minntech.

Cantel's legal counsel discussed with the Board the proposed terms of the merger
agreement and the board's fiduciary duties in considering approval of the
proposed merger.
At this meeting, DrKW, a financial advisor to Cantel, delivered
its oral opinion to the board that, based on the assumptions made, matters
considered and limits of its review, as set forth in its opinion, the
consideration to be issued in the merger was fair, from a financial point of
view, to Cantel.
After deliberations, subject to final negotiation of the merger
agreement and of the terms of a financing commitment for the merger, the Cantel
board of directors, by the unanimous vote of those members in attendance,
approved the proposed merger, declared it to be advisable and in the best
interests of Cantel's stockholders, and resolved to recommend that Cantel's
stockholders vote in favor of the issuance of Cantel common stock in the merger.

    
On May 22, the board of directors of Minntech met to consider further the
Cantel proposal.
Minntech's officers discussed with them Minntech's performance
during April and early May and the prospects for Minntech as a stand-alone
company.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reported on its discussions with
representatives of Cantel and analyzed the proposal and discussed with the board
the methodologies used to evaluate Cantel's proposal from a financial point of
view.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray explained that the $4.25 of Cantel stock would
be paid with respect to each Minntech share so long as the average closing price
of Cantel stock shortly before the merger was not less than $15.00 or more than
$28.89.
Cantel's closing stock price on May 22 was $24.50, and Minntech's was
$9.15.
Faegre & Benson reviewed with the board its fiduciary duties and the
provisions of the latest draft of the merger agreement that had previously been
delivered to the directors.
The special committee then met to discuss the
proposed transaction.
The special committee and the board determined to defer
final consideration of the proposal until Cantel received a bank commitment for
the financing of the cash portion of the purchase price.

    
The Minntech board of directors met by telephone conference on May 23 and 24
to receive status reports regarding the negotiation by Cantel of a financing
commitment letter from Fleet Bank, N.A. Cantel provided to Minntech a draft of
that commitment letter on May 25.

    
At a telephonic board meeting on May 29, with Cantel officers, Nexus Health
Capital and Fried, Frank participating, the Cantel board reviewed and approved
the final terms of the merger agreement and a financing commitment letter from
Fleet Bank, N.A.
After deliberations, the Cantel board of directors, by the
unanimous vote of those members in attendance, affirmed its previous resolution
and approved the merger, declared it to be advisable and in the best interests
of Cantel's stockholders, and resolved to recommend that Cantel stockholders
vote in favor of the issuance of Cantel shares in the merger.
These resolutions
were affirmed by the two board members who were not in attendance at the May 29
meeting.

    
The Minntech board also met on May 29 and discussed Cantel's draft financing
commitment, received a status report on the negotiation by Cantel of that
commitment, and discussed the merger agreement.
On May 30, the Minntech board
discussed final proposed changes to the merger agreement.
Minntech's officers
also discussed the financial performance of Minntech.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
informed the board that it was prepared to render its fairness opinion.
The
special committee then met and, by unanimous agreement of those members in
attendance, approved the merger agreement and the merger.
The board then
reconvened and, by the unanimous vote of those members in attendance, approved
the merger agreement and the merger and recommended that the merger agreement be
submitted to Minntech's shareholders for approval.
These approvals were affirmed
by the member of the special committee and the board, respectively, who was not
in attendance at the time of the approvals at the May 30 meetings.

    
Representatives of Cantel and Minntech, respectively, signed the merger
agreement late on the night of May 30.
In addition, at Minntech's request,
certain stockholders of Cantel entered into a voting agreement with Minntech in
which they agreed to vote all of their shares of Cantel common stock in favor of
the common stock issuance in connection with the merger.

    
Cantel and Minntech issued a joint press release before the commencement of
trading on Nasdaq on May 31, 2001, announcing the execution of the merger
agreement.
Minntech's closing stock price on May 30 was $8.61, and Cantel's was
$23.00.

CANTEL'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE CANTEL BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    Although Cantel and Minntech each have attractive prospects for the future,
we believe that, by combining the two companies' highly complementary products
and operations, we will create a company that will be a leader in medical device
reprocessing and other infection prevention and control products and will have
greater opportunities for growth and the creation of shareholder value than
either company would have on a stand-alone basis.

    
The Cantel board of directors recommends that the stockholders of Cantel
vote "FOR" the issuance of Cantel common stock in the merger.

    
In reaching its determination, the Cantel board of directors consulted with
Cantel management, as well as Nexus Health Capital, LLC, DrKW and Fried, Frank,
Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, and considered the following important factors that
they believed supported the board's recommendation:

    - the merger is expected to be accretive to Cantel's future earnings per
      share;

    - the overall strategic fit between Cantel and Minntech in view of their
      respective product lines, markets and distribution channels and the
      potential synergies and efficiencies that could be realized through a
      combination of these two companies;

    - the complementary nature of the two companies' infection prevention and
      control and medical device reprocessing products will give the combined
      company an expanded range of products and technology in medical device
      reprocessing;

    - the merger will allow Cantel to diversify into non-hospital markets with a
      direct non-hospital based sales force and will enable the combined company
      to take advantage of cross-selling opportunities, joint-product
      development, joint-marketing and distribution and other new business
      initiatives;

    - the merger will allow Cantel to further expand internationally,
      particularly in Europe and Asia;

    - the potential growth of Minntech's filtration business and the potential
      expansion of hemofiltration technology into emerging therapeutic blood
      procedures;

    - the merger represents an opportunity for Cantel to further expand its
      business into the design, manufacture and distribution of proprietary
      products;

    - the merger will enhance Cantel's research and development capability and
      will be an economical and efficient means to expand Cantel's infection
      prevention and control and medical device reprocessing business;

    - the merger will give Cantel access to Minntech's proprietary liquid
      chemical germicide manufacturing expertise and capability and other
      proprietary technologies;

    - cost savings can be obtained from combining two public companies, realized
      principally through reductions in general and administrative costs,
      including cost savings and operational efficiencies due to the
      geographical proximity of Minntech and Cantel's MediVators subsidiary;

    - the merger will increase Cantel's business presence in the United States
      where it can better utilize its existing federal net operating loss
      carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the United States;

    - the potential to improve various aspects of Minntech's business by
      stabilizing Minntech's management, which has experienced significant
      turnover of its President/CEO function;

    - the increased float of Cantel common stock resulting from the merger
      should afford stockholders of the combined company an opportunity to
      benefit from some greater trading liquidity and should, with the greater
      size and scale of the combined company, potentially increase research
      coverage and market making sponsorship; and

    - the merger will increase the healthcare expertise on Cantel's board of
      directors through the addition of Dr. Fred Shapiro.

    
In its deliberations, the Cantel board carefully considered the following
additional factors and information:

    - the financial analysis and presentation of Cantel management made at the
      May 21, 2001 meeting of the Cantel board of directors;

    - the opinion of DrKW, dated May 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of that
      date, and subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations
      expressed therein, the consideration offered in the merger was fair, from
      a financial point of view, to Cantel;

    - information concerning the business, earnings, operations, financial
      condition and prospects of Cantel and Minntech, both individually and on a
      combined basis, including information with respect to the past earnings
      performance of each of Cantel and Minntech;

    - the Cantel board's understanding of current economic developments and
      trends generally and developments and trends in the medical device
      industry in particular, including the changing healthcare environment,
      with its increasing focus on cost containment, coupled with the trend of
      consolidation in the medical device industry;

    - reports from management, legal advisors and financial advisors as to the
      results of their due diligence investigation of Minntech;

    - the belief that the terms of the merger agreement, including the parties'
      representations, warranties and covenants, and the conditions to the
      parties' respective obligations, are not unusual; and

    - the termination fee payable by Minntech under some circumstances.

    
The board of directors of Cantel also considered a variety of risks and
other potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger.

In particular, the board of directors of Cantel considered:

    - the risks associated with integrating the operations of Minntech with
      Cantel's existing operations, including the risk that the combined company
      may not realize the cost savings and other benefits expected from this
      combination;

    - the risk of diverting management focus and resources from other strategic
      opportunities and from operational matters while working to implement the
      merger;

    - the potential loss of key personnel, customers or suppliers of Minntech
      after announcement or completion of the proposed merger;

    - the possible effect of the public announcement of the merger on the market
      price of Cantel common stock in the short term;

    - Minntech's consolidated financial performance over the past few years,
      including downward trends in sales growth and gross profit percentages;
      the absence of significant new product introductions; and the downward
      trends reflected in fiscal year 2002 projections provided by Minntech;

    - Minntech's potential tax liabilities, including unpaid state sales and
      income taxes;

    - the risks associated with the financing to be obtained to complete the
      merger, including the risk that the indebtedness incurred and operating
      and financial restrictions imposed by Cantel's proposed new credit
      facility could negatively affect the combined company's ability to finance
      operations and capital needs or to engage in other business activities
      such as acquisitions; and the risks associated with the merger agreement
      not being conditioned on the financing being actually funded;

    - the risk that new technologies for dialysis reprocessing will be
      developed, negatively affecting Minntech's dialysis reprocessing business;

    - the risk associated with obtaining regulatory approval for Minntech's next
      generation endoscope reprocessing system;

    - uncertainties associated with Minntech's dialyzer reprocessing centers;

    - the high cost of fuel as it relates to Minntech's cost of shipping
      products to its customers; and

    - the risks relating to Minntech's business discussed in "Risk Factors"
      above and how they would affect the operations of the combined company.

    
The board of directors of Cantel concluded that the anticipated benefits of
the merger outweighed the possible detriments.

    
The foregoing discussion of factors considered by the Cantel board of
directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material
information and factors considered by the Cantel board of directors in its
consideration of the merger.
In view of the wide variety of factors considered,
the Cantel board of directors did not find it practicable to quantify or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in its
deliberations and made its determination after consideration of all of the
factors as a whole.
In addition, individual members of the Cantel board of
directors may have given different weights to different factors.
After taking
into account all of the factors set forth above, Cantel's board of directors
agreed that the merger is advisable and in the best interests of Cantel and its
stockholders.


MINNTECH'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE MINNTECH'S BOARD OF
  DIRECTORS AND SPECIAL COMMITTEE

    Both the special committee of Minntech's non-employee directors formed
pursuant to Minnesota law and the full board of directors of Minntech recommend
that Minntech shareholders adopt the merger agreement.

    
In recommending adoption of the merger agreement, the board of directors and
the special committee considered a number of factors that they believed
supported their recommendation, including the following:

    - The market price performance of Minntech's shares before the announcement
      on May 17 of acquisition negotiations, the fact that Minntech's fourth
      quarter and annual results announced on May 17 were likely to have had a
      negative impact on Minntech's market price in the absence of that
      announcement, and the likelihood that Minntech's market price performance
      in the foreseeable future (particularly on a present-value basis) would
      not substantially exceed its recent performance in the absence of an
      announced acquisition.

    
- The adverse effect that Minntech's market price suffers, and would likely
      continue to suffer, as a micro-cap public company in the public market,
      including its limited trading volume, institutional sponsorship, and
      diminishing research attention from analysts, and the volatility of the
      Nasdaq Stock Market, particularly with regard to micro-cap stocks.

    
- The collars on the stock exchange ratio and the large cash component of
      the merger consideration, which provide greater certainty in the value of
      what Minntech shareholders will receive in the merger and minimize the
      number of shareholders whose taxable gain from the exchange of their
      shares will exceed the cash they receive in the merger.

    
- The fact that Minntech may terminate the merger agreement if Cantel's
      average stock price falls below $13.24 per share shortly before the
      Minntech shareholders' meeting and Cantel does not guarantee that Minntech
      shareholders will receive at least $10.00 in cash and Cantel stock, based
      on the average market price of Cantel shares during a seven trading day
      period shortly before completion of the merger, for each Minntech share
      they hold.

    - Their belief, after considering the possible alternatives to the merger
      and the auction process conducted by Minntech, with the assistance of U.S.
      Bancorp Piper Jaffray, which canvassed the market of the most likely
      prospective purchasers, that no other buyer would be likely to provide a
      superior value to Minntech's shareholders.

    
- The presentations of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray at various board and
      committee meetings as discussed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
      including the written opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to the
      Minntech board of directors dated May 30, 2001 as to the fairness, from a
      financial point of view, of the merger consideration to be delivered to
      Minntech shareholders under the merger agreement, subject to the
      assumptions, qualifications, and limitations expressed in that opinion.

    
- Their knowledge of Minntech's business, operations, assets, financial
      condition, operating results, and prospects, along with their knowledge of
      the industry in which Minntech competes.

    
- The increased competition and consolidation in the medical device industry
      and their conclusion that the combination of Minntech and Cantel would
      produce a stronger competitor than Minntech would be on a stand-alone
      basis.

    - The challenges and risks to Minntech's shareholders associated with
      attempting to build Minntech's size through acquisitions or internal
      growth, as compared to the potential benefits of such attempts.

    
- The difficulties faced by small medical device companies such as Minntech
      in light of changes in United States medical-reimbursement and
      third-party-payer policies and practices.

    
- The substantial increase in costs and staffing that would have to be
      incurred in research and development to continue Minntech's standard of
      producing market-leading products and to develop new products and
      processes, with no assurance of success.

    - Minntech's difficulty in attracting and retaining key personnel, including
      difficulty in recruiting executive officers and in recruiting and
      retaining skilled staff for its new service-center concept.

    
- The opportunities for Minntech shareholders to participate in a combined
      company that is larger and more diversified, that has what the board and
      special committee believed to be a strong management team and the ability
      to attract and retain key personnel, and that has greater growth prospects
      and an expressed desire to expand Minntech's operations.

    
- The fact that Cantel's primary United States operations are already
      located in Minnesota, which should facilitate integration with Minntech
      and increase the likelihood that Minntech will remain in the Minneapolis
      area.

    
- Their understanding, based on statements from Cantel, that the merger is
      expected to be accretive to Cantel's future earnings per share, in which
      Minntech holders would benefit following completion of the merger.

    
- The fact that there is no financing contingency in the merger agreement.

    - Minntech's recent financial performance, projected financial performance,
      and historical difficulty in meeting its projections.

    - The fact that Minnesota law entitles Minntech shareholders who do not vote
      in favor of the merger and who file a written objection with Minntech to
      obtain the "fair value" of their shares, as determined by a court, if the
      merger is completed.

    
- The benefits to Minntech's employees from Cantel's covenant contained in
      the merger agreement to provide, through December 31, 2002, current active
      full-time employees who continue to be active full-time employees of
      Minntech with certain employee benefits no less favorable than those they
      currently enjoy or alternatively, at Cantel's option after December 31,
      2001, those enjoyed by Cantel's MediVators subsidiary.

    
- The fact that under the merger agreement, Minntech has the right, under
      certain conditions, to engage in negotiations with, and to supply
      information to, a person making an unsolicited proposal for a superior
      acquisition transaction or to terminate the merger agreement and enter
      into an agreement with another party for a superior acquisition proposal.

    
The board and the special committee also considered a variety of risks and
other potentially negative factors concerning the merger, including the
following:

    - The risk that the merger may not be completed.

    - The collars on the stock exchange ratio that result in Minntech
      shareholders not sharing in the first $5.89 of per-share appreciation in
      Cantel's stock price, which closed at $23.00 per share on May 30, 2001,
      between the signing of the merger agreement and the completion of the
      merger.

    - Cantel's dependence on its relationship with Olympus for a substantial
      portion of its business.

    - Cantel's current limited size, lack of research coverage, and relatively
      limited daily trading volumes, which make it more difficult to use the
      market price as an accurate measurement of the value of Cantel's common
      stock.

    
- The substantial increase in Cantel's stock price (from $8.63 on
      September 11 when discussions between the companies began to $23.00 on
      May 30) and the inherent uncertainty as to whether or not the increase
      would be short-lived.

    
- The termination fee that would be payable by Minntech in certain
      circumstances may have the effect of discouraging competing offers to
      acquire Minntech, although the board and the

      committee did not believe that any such offers would be forthcoming and
      that if any competing offer was made, the termination fee would not
      substantially deter a superior offer.

    
- The fact that, upon exchanging their Minntech shares for cash and Cantel
      stock in the merger, Minntech shareholders may recognize taxable income.
      
The board and the special committee believed, however, that, except for a
      small percentage of shareholders, the tax consequences of the merger would
      be comparable even if the transaction was structured as a tax-free
      reorganization with the same cash/stock mix because, under federal income
      tax laws, in a tax-free reorganization the shareholders still would
      recognize gain up to the amount of the cash ($6.25) received.

    -
The fact that certain shareholders might prefer an all-cash transaction to
      a transaction in which a substantial portion of the merger consideration
      would be stock, although the board and special committee noted that no
      all-cash offer was made after an extensive auction process.

    
The foregoing discussion of factors considered by the Minntech board of
directors and special committee is not intended to be exhaustive, but is
believed to include all material factors considered.
In view of the wide variety
of factors considered, Minntech's directors did not find it practicable to
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors.
In
addition, they did not reach any specific conclusion on each factor considered,
but conducted an overall analysis of these factors.
Individual Minntech
directors may have given different weight to different factors.
After taking
into account all of the factors set forth above, Minntech's board of directors
and special committee each agreed that the merger is advisable and in the best
interests of, Minntech's shareholders.


OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO CANTEL

    DRKW'S ROLE.  
Cantel retained DrKW to act as a financial advisor to the
Cantel board of directors in connection with the possible transaction between
Cantel and Minntech and to render to the Cantel board of directors an opinion as
to the fairness to Cantel, from a financial point of view, of the consideration
to be paid by Cantel.

    
On May 21, 2001, DrKW delivered to the Cantel board of directors its
opinion, as of that date and based upon and subject to the assumptions, factors
and limitations set forth in the written opinion and described below, that the
consideration to be paid by Cantel pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to
Cantel from a financial point of view.
A copy of DrKW's written opinion is
attached to this proxy statement as Annex C and is incorporated into this proxy
statement by reference.
The discussion of the DrKW opinion in this section is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the opinion itself.
The Cantel
stockholders should read the opinion carefully in its entirety in conjunction
with this proxy statement and should carefully consider the assumptions made,
the matters considered and the limits of the review undertaken by DrKW.

    
While DrKW rendered its opinion and provided certain analyses to the Cantel
board of directors, DrKW was not requested to and did not make any
recommendation to the Cantel board of directors as to the specific form or
amount of the consideration to be paid by Cantel in the proposed merger with
Minntech, which was determined through negotiations between Minntech and Cantel.

DrKW's written opinion, which was delivered for use and considered by the Cantel
board of directors, is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the proposed consideration to be paid by Cantel in the proposed
transaction.
The opinion does not address the value of a share of Minntech
common stock or Cantel common stock, does not address Cantel's underlying
business decision to participate in the merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to any Cantel stockholder as to how a stockholder should vote
with respect to the merger.

    
DrKW's opinion to the Cantel board of directors was one of many factors
taken into consideration by the Cantel board of directors in making its
determination to proceed with the merger and to

recommend to the Cantel stockholders approval of the proposal to issue Cantel
shares in the merger.
Consequently, the analyses of DrKW described below should
not be viewed as determinative of the recommendation of the Cantel board of
directors with respect to the merger.
The terms of the merger agreement were
reviewed and approved by the Cantel board of directors.

    
In arriving at its opinion, DrKW reviewed, analyzed and relied upon material
relating to the financial and operating condition and prospects of Minntech and
Cantel and material prepared in connection with the proposed merger.
These
materials included:

    - a draft of the merger agreement, dated May 18, 2001;

    - publicly available business and financial information relating to Minntech
      and to Cantel;

    - publicly available market and securities data of Minntech and selected
      public companies deemed comparable to Minntech;

    - analyst reports relating to Minntech;

    - to the extent publicly available, financial information relating to
      selected merger and acquisition transactions deemed comparable to the
      proposed merger; and

    - internal financial and operating information of Minntech and Cantel
      furnished by the respective management members, including estimates of the
      prospective results of operations of Minntech for selected periods,
      prepared by Cantel based on estimates provided by Minntech, and estimates
      of expected cost savings and other financial benefits expected to result
      from the merger between Cantel and Minntech, prepared by Cantel.
These
      cost savings and other financial benefits expected to result from the
      transaction are referred to in this section as "Synergies."
In this
      section we refer to the estimates of the prospective results of operations
      of Minntech and to the Synergies as "Prospective Management Financial
      Information.
"

    In addition, DrKW met with members of the respective managements of Minntech
and Cantel and reviewed and discussed the Prospective Management Financial
Information and Minntech's and Cantel's respective businesses, operations,
assets, financial conditions and future prospects.

    
DrKW also reviewed and considered:

    - financial and stock market data relating to Minntech and Cantel and
      similar data for various other companies, the securities of which are
      publicly traded, that DrKW selected as being possibly relevant or
      comparable in some aspects to Minntech, or one or more of its businesses
      or assets; and

    - the financial terms of selected recent acquisitions and business
      combination transactions in the medical technology industry specifically,
      and in other industries generally, that DrKW selected as being reasonably
      comparable to the merger, or otherwise relevant to its inquiry.

    
DrKW also performed other financial studies, analyses, and investigations
and reviewed other information as it considered appropriate for the purposes of
its opinion.

    ASSUMPTIONS AND LIMITATIONS.  
In its review and analysis and in formulating
its opinion, DrKW assumed and relied without independent verification upon:

    - The accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information
      provided to or discussed with DrKW or publicly available;

    - That the Prospective Management Financial Information was reasonably
      prepared in good faith and on bases reflecting the best currently
      available judgments and estimates of Minntech's and Cantel's respective
      managements;

    - That the financial performance of Minntech and Cantel, separately and on a
      combined basis, and industry performance generally, as well as general
      business and economic conditions and other matters, would be consistent
      with the Prospective Management Financial Information;

    - That obtaining regulatory and other approvals and third party consents
      required for consummation of the transaction would not have an adverse
      impact on Minntech or Cantel or the anticipated benefits of the
      transaction;

    - That the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar
      to the last draft reviewed by DrKW;

    - That the transactions described in the merger agreement would be
      consummated without waiver or modification of any of the material terms or
      conditions contained in the merger agreement; and

    - That the benefits of the Synergies would be realized in the amounts and at
      the time contemplated by the Synergies.

    
DrKW expressed no opinion in its opinion, and expresses no opinion in this
document or otherwise, with respect to the Prospective Management Financial
Information, or the assumptions upon which they or any portion of them are
based.
Furthermore, DrKW did not review any of the books and records of Minntech
or Cantel, and DrKW did not conduct a physical inspection of the properties or
facilities of Minntech or Cantel or obtain or make an independent valuation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Minntech or Cantel, and no valuation
or appraisal of that type was provided to it.

    
DrKW's opinion was necessarily based on economic circumstances as they
existed and could be evaluated by DrKW as of the date of the opinion.

    
In arriving at its opinion, DrKW performed quantitative analyses and
considered a number of factors.
However, the preparation of an opinion as to the
fairness of a transaction from a financial point of view involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and
comparative analyses and the applications of those methods to the particular
circumstances.
Therefore, this type of opinion is not easily summarized.

Furthermore, in arriving at its opinion, DrKW did not attribute any relative
weight to any analysis or factor considered but rather made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.

Accordingly, DrKW believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that considering any portion of these analyses and of the factors considered,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the process underlying the opinion.

    VALUATION ANALYSES.  
In performing its analysis, DrKW used and reviewed with
the Cantel board of directors five principal valuation methodologies:
(1) comparable publicly traded companies analysis, (2) comparable transaction
analysis, (3) discounted cash flow analysis, (4) sum of the parts valuation
based on comparable publicly traded companies analysis and (5) historical
trading range analysis.
These valuation analyses and various other analyses
performed by DrKW are summarized below.

    
The following table summarizes the five principal valuation methodologies
and the implied multiples and percentage premiums derived from them.
THIS TABLE
SHOULD BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE MORE DETAILED DISCUSSION, DESCRIPTIONS AND
LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION.
In particular, in applying the various
valuation methodologies to the particular businesses, operations and prospects
of Minntech or Cantel, and the particular circumstances of the transaction, DrKW
made qualitative judgments as to the significance and the relevance of each
analysis.
In addition, DrKW made assumptions as to potentially important matters
and limited its analysis and opinion.
These assumptions are described on pages
      of this document.
Accordingly, the methodologies and the implied multiples
of the transaction price, at an assumed price of $10.50 per Minntech share,
compared to various financial criteria derived from these methodologies and
implied multiples set forth in the table,

must be considered as a whole and in the context of the narrative description of
the financial analyses, including the assumptions underlying these analyses.

Considering the implied multiples set forth in the table without considering the
full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the assumptions
underlying these analyses and limitations on the scope of the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying, and
conclusions represented by, the DrKW opinion.

                                                                         
VALUATION PER
                               SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF VALUATION         IMPLIED EQUITY
VALUATION METHODOLOGY                    METHODOLOGY                         SHARE
- ---------------------          --------------------------------  -----------------------------

Comparable Companies           Enterprise valuation benchmark    $10.00--$12.50
                               relative to analysts' consensus
                               estimates and publicly available
                               financial information of
                               selected comparable companies

Comparable Transaction         Enterprise valuation benchmark    $11.25--$13.50
                               based on consideration paid in
                               selected comparable transactions
                               and publicly available financial
                               information

Discounted Cash Flow           Net present valuation based on    $13.54 -- $15.36 (without
                               the Prospective Management        Synergies)
                               Financial Information using       $14.27 -- $16.20 (with
                               varying assumed EBITDA Exit       Synergies)
                               Multiples and discount rates

Sum of the Parts               Enterprise value benchmark based  $12.25--$16.00
                               on an aggregate of the separate
                               trading multiples valuation of
                               each business segment

Historical Trading Range       Based on the historical trading   $5.56 -- $9.45 (without 40%
                               range for Minntech shares         control premium)
                                                                 $6.84 -- $12.31 (with 40%
                                                                 control premium)

    
For purposes of this section, Enterprise Value is defined as the outstanding
number of shares multiplied by the closing price of Minntech common stock on
May 18, 2001 plus the treasury stock value of outstanding options and warrants
plus debt minus cash plus preferred stock plus minority interests.
LTM is
defined as the last twelve months of results as reported in SEC filings
available before the announcement of the transaction, NTM is the next twelve
months of results from the end of the period defined as LTM based on First Call
estimates and N2TM is the next twelve months of results from the end of the
period defined as NTM based on First Call estimates.

    
COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS.  
DrKW reviewed and compared selected
financial information for seven selected overall comparable companies:
Aksys, Ltd., C.R. Bard, Inc., Fresenius Medical Care AG, Gambro AB, Rockwell
Medical Technologies, Stericycle, Inc. and Steris Corporation.
For each
comparable company and Minntech, DrKW calculated (1) the multiples of the most
recently ended fiscal year financial results, including the Enterprise Value, as
a multiple of each of total revenue, EBITDA, EBIT and the price as a multiple of
earnings per share and (2) the multiples of the projected financial results for
each of the next two fiscal years, including the price as a multiple of earnings
per share.

                                              COMPARABLE                  MINNTECH MULTIPLES
          MULTIPLE                         COMPANIES RANGE                  AS OF 5/18/01
          --------                         ---------------                
------------------
                                               (MEDIAN)

Enterprise Value as a                      0.47x to 70.65x
  multiple of total revenue                (Median: 1.97x)
  (LTM)                                                                          0.60x

Enterprise Value as a                       8.4x to 15.7x
  multiple of EBITDA (LTM)                  (Median: 9.5x)                        
5.6x

Enterprise Value as a                       12.0x to 30.1x
  multiple of EBIT (LTM)                   (Median: 17.9x)                        9.8x

Price as a multiple of                      16.8x to 65.7x
  earnings per share (LTM)                 (Median: 26.4x)                       16.9x

Price as a multiple of                      15.9x to 39.0x
  earnings per share (NTM)                 (Median: 29.0x)                       11.8x

Price as a multiple of                      14.3x to 35.1x
  earnings per share (N2TM)                (Median: 23.8x)                        9.5x

    In addition, DrKW reviewed and compared selected financial information for
seven selected comparable companies with comparable equity market
capitalizations: Aksys, Ltd., Alaris Medical, Inc., Diametrics Medical, Inc.,
Kensey Nash Corporation, Radiance Medical Systems, Inc., Rockwell Medical
Technologies, Symphonix Devices, Inc.
For each comparable company and Minntech,
DrKW calculated the multiples of the most recently ended fiscal year financial
results, including the Enterprise Value, as a multiple of each of total revenue,
EBITDA, EBIT and price as a multiple of earnings per share.

                                                                          
MINNTECH MULTIPLES
                                              COMPARABLE                        AS OF
          MULTIPLE                         COMPANIES RANGE                     5/18/01
          --------                         ---------------                
------------------
                                               (MEDIAN)

Enterprise Value as a                      0.47x to 43.38x
  multiple of total revenue                (Median: 3.27x)
  (LTM)                                                                          0.60x

Enterprise Value as a                       7.3x to 18.5x
  multiple of EBITDA (LTM)                 (Median: 12.9x)                        
5.6x

Enterprise Value as a                       12.9x to 22.6x
  multiple of EBIT (LTM)                   (Median: 17.8x)                        9.8x

Price as a multiple of                      19.5x to 19.5x
  earnings per share (LTM)                 (Median: 19.5x)                       16.9x

Price as a multiple of                      15.8x to 15.8x
  earnings per share (NTM)                 (Median: 15.8x)                       11.8x

Price as a multiple of                      15.4x to 15.4x
  earnings per share (N2TM)                (Median: 15.4x)                        9.5x

    Based on the foregoing multiples, DrKW derived an implied equity valuation
per share for Minntech of between $10.00 and $12.50, which DrKW compared to an
assumed transaction price of $10.50 per Minntech share.

    COMPARABLE TRANSACTION ANALYSIS.  
DrKW reviewed selected publicly available
information concerning twelve transactions closed or pending between June 1997
and May 2001: Whatman plc/ Hemasure Inc., Fresenius Medical Care AG/Everest
Healthcare Services Corporation; Fresenius Medical Care AG/DaVita International;
Baxter International Inc./Althin Medical A.B., National Nephrology
Associates Inc./Renex Corp., Stericycle, Inc./Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc.
(medical waste division), Renal Care Group, Inc./Dialysis Centers of America,
E.M. Warburg, Pincus & Co./American Medical Systems Holdings, Inc., Total Renal
Care Holdings, Inc./Renal Treatment Centers, Inc., Arrow
International, Inc./Assets of C.R. Bard, Inc., Steris
Corporation/Isomedix Inc., Gambro Healthcare Inc./ Vivra Inc. (together, the
"Comparable Transactions").
For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples
were analyzed, including the Enterprise Value, as a multiple of each of revenue,
EBITDA, EBIT and price as a multiple of earnings per share for the last twelve
months reported in SEC filings available before the announcement of the
transaction.
The results of this analysis are summarized below.

                                        
COMPARABLE TRANSACTION            MINNTECH MULTIPLES
          MULTIPLE                         MEDIAN AND MEAN                  AS OF 5/18/01
          --------                      
----------------------            ------------------

Enterprise Value as a                       Median: 1.88x
  multiple of total revenue                  Mean: 2.19x
  (LTM)                                                                          0.60x

Enterprise Value as a                       Median: 10.4x
  multiple of EBITDA (LTM)                   
Mean: 11.0x                          5.6x

Enterprise Value as a                       Median: 16.6x
  multiple of EBIT (LTM)                     
Mean: 17.4x                          9.8x

Price as a multiple of                      Median: 25.4x
  earnings per share (LTM)                   
Mean: 34.0x                         16.9x

    Based on the foregoing multiples, DrKW derived an implied equity valuation
per share for Minntech of between $11.25 and $13.50, which DrKW compared to an
assumed Transaction price of $10.50 per Minntech share.

    
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
DrKW performed a discounted cash flow
analysis of Minntech based on the Prospective Management Financial Information,
excluding Synergies.
In connection with this analysis in addition to the
assumptions on pages       of this document, DrKW based its analysis on various
assumptions provided to it by the managements of Cantel and Minntech, including
various future long-term sales growth rates for Minntech's business segments.

DrKW used discount rates of 11%, 12% and 13%.
Based on the discounted cash flow
valuation, the implied equal value range per Minntech share was between $13.54
and $15.36.

    
Based on this analysis and the foregoing assumptions, DrKW calculated a
range of total equity value range per share of Minntech using the EBITDA Exit
Multiples based on trading company analysis and comparable transaction analysis
as specified in the following table:

                                         EBITDA EXIT MULTIPLE
                              ------------------------------------------
DISCOUNT RATE                   7.5X             8.0X             8.5X
- -------------                 --------         --------         
--------

       11.00%                  $14.33           $14.84           $15.36

       12.00%                  $13.93           $14.42           $14.91

       13.00%                  $13.54           $14.02           $14.49

    DrKW also performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Minntech based on the
Prospective Management Financial Information, including Synergies.
In connection
with this analysis in addition to the assumptions on pages       of this
document, DrKW based its analysis on various assumptions provided to it by the
managements of Cantel and Minntech, including various future long-term sales
growth rates for Minntech's business segments.
DrKW used discount rates of 11%,
12% and 13%.
Based on the discounted cash flow valuation, the implied equal
value range per Minntech share was between $14.27 and $16.20.

    
Based on this analysis and the foregoing assumptions, DrKW calculated a
range of total equity value range per share of Minntech using the EBITDA Exit
Multiples based on trading company analysis and comparable transaction analysis
as specified in the following table:

                                         EBITDA EXIT MULTIPLE
                              ------------------------------------------
DISCOUNT RATE                   7.5X             8.0X             8.5X
- -------------                 --------         --------         
--------

       11.00%                  $15.11           $15.65           $16.20

       12.00%                  $14.68           $15.20           $15.72

       13.00%                  $14.27           $14.77           $15.27

    SUM OF THE PARTS.  
DrKW performed a sum of the parts analysis of Minntech
based on publicly traded companies comparable to each of the following five
Minntech business segments: Dialysis Products, Dialysis Services, Cardiosurgery,
Filtration, and Endoscope Reprocessing (Infection Control).
A valuation for all
five business segments was derived by analyzing revenue and EBITDA multiple
ranges selected from comparable publicly traded companies and applying them to
each business segments relative to such segment's value within Minntech's
overall business.


SUM OF THE PARTS VALUATION BASED ON:                              EQUITY VALUE PER SHARE
- ------------------------------------                          ------------------------------

Per Share Net Debt Adjustment...............................   $ 2.30          --    $ 2.17
Consensus Dialysis Equipment Enterprise Value Per Share.....   $ 7.00          --    $10.00
Consensus Dialysis Service Enterprise Value Per Share.......   $ 0.05          --    $ 0.10
Consensus Filtration Enterprise Value Per Share.............   $ 1.40          --    $ 1.75
Consensus Cardiosurgery Enterprise Value Per Share..........   $ 1.10          --    $ 1.50
Consensus Endoscope Reprocessing (Infection Control)
  
Enterprise Value Per Share................................   $ 0.50          --    $ 0.55
CONSENSUS SUM OF THE PARTS VALUE RANGE PER SHARE............   $12.25          --    $16.00

    HISTORICAL TRADING RANGE.  
DrKW also performed analyses based on the
historical trading range of Minntech shares over the twelve months before
May 17, 2001.
This analysis showed the following premiums to the stock prices
indicated assuming a transaction value of $10.50 per Minntech share:

MINNTECH CLOSING STOCK PRICE          PREMIUMS WITHOUT
    FOR SPECIFIED PERIOD             40% CONTROL PREMIUM
- ----------------------------         -------------------

     1-Day (5/17/01)                        22.8%

 30-Day Trailing Average                    22.0%

      52-Week High                          11.1%

       52-Week Low                          88.7%

    Based on this analysis, DrKW calculated an implied equity valuation per
Minntech share of between $5.56 and $9.45, without a 40% control premium, and
between $6.84 and $12.31, with a 40% control premium.
The 40% control premium is
based on control premiums in comparable acquisitions and a select list of
general transactions valued between $50 million and $150 million announced from
May 18, 2000 through May 18, 2001.

    
GENERAL INFORMATION.  
No company or transaction used in the foregoing
analyses is identical to Minntech, Cantel or the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement.
The analyses described above were performed solely as a
part of the analytical process utilized by DrKW in connection with its analysis
of the transaction and do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices
at which a company might actually be sold.
DrKW's opinion is based on
information available to DrKW and the facts and circumstances as they existed
and were subject to evaluation on the date of the opinion.
Events occurring
after that date could materially affect the assumptions used in preparing the
opinion.
DrKW has not undertaken to and is not obligated to affirm or revise its
opinion or otherwise comment on any events occurring after the date it was
given.

    
DrKW is an internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm.

DrKW, as part of its investment banking business, is continuously engaged in the
valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.
In the ordinary course of its
business, it may actively trade the debt and equity securities of Minntech and
Cantel for its own accounts and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly,
may at any time hold a long or short position in these securities.
DrKW has
provided other financial advisory services to Cantel in the past.

    
DrKW has been engaged by Cantel to act as its financial advisor in
connection with the transaction and to provide ongoing strategic and financial
advice.
Cantel has agreed to pay or has paid DrKW for its services, (1) $75,000
on retention, (2) $200,000 upon rendering the opinion, and (3) $25,000 on each
of the second and third anniversaries of retention.
Cantel also has agreed to
reimburse DrKW for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related to its
engagement, including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel, and to
indemnify DrKW against liabilities incurred, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws in connection with the engagement of DrKW by the Cantel
board of directors.


OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO MINNTECH

    Minntech retained U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to act as the exclusive
financial advisor of the Minntech board of directors and, if requested, to
render to the Minntech board of directors an opinion as the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by the holders of
Minntech common stock.

    
On May 30, 2001, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray delivered to the Minntech board
of directors its opinion, as of that date and based upon and subject to the
assumptions, factors and limitations set forth in the written opinion and
described below, that the consideration to be received by the holders of
Minntech common stock (other than Cantel and its affiliates) in the proposed
merger with Cantel was fair, from a financial point of view, to those
stockholders.
A copy of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's written opinion is attached
to this proxy statement as Annex D and is incorporated into this proxy statement
by reference.
The Minntech shareholders should read the opinion carefully in its
entirety in conjunction with this proxy statement and should carefully consider
the assumptions made, the matters considered and the limits of the review
undertaken by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.

    
While U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered its opinion and provided certain
analyses to the Minntech board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray was not
requested to and did not make any recommendation to the Minntech board of
directors as to the specific form or amount of the consideration to be received
by Minntech stockholders in the proposed merger with Cantel, which was
determined through negotiations between Minntech and Cantel.
U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray's written opinion, which was delivered for use and considered by the
Minntech board of directors, is directed only to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the proposed consideration to be received by Minntech common
stockholders in the proposed transaction.
The opinion does not address the value
of a share of Minntech common stock or Cantel common stock, it does not address
Minntech's underlying business decision to participate in the merger and does
not constitute a recommendation to any Minntech shareholder as to how a
shareholder should vote with respect to the merger.

    
In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's opinion to the Minntech board of
directors was one of the many factors taken into consideration by the Minntech
board of directors in making its determination to recommend approval of the
merger.
Consequently, the analyses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray described below
should not be viewed as determinative of the recommendation of the Minntech
board of directors with respect to the merger.
The consideration that Minntech
shareholders will receive was determined through negotiations between Minntech
and Cantel, and was approved by the Minntech board of directors.
U.S.
Bancorp
Piper Jaffray did not express an opinion as to whether any alternative
transaction might produce consideration for Minntech in an amount in excess of
that contemplated in the merger agreement.
The consideration under the merger
agreement was not determined on the basis of any recommendation by U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray.
The terms of the merger agreement were reviewed and approved by
the Minntech board of directors.

    
In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed, analyzed
and relied upon material relating to the financial and operating condition and
prospects of Minntech and Cantel and material prepared in connection with the
proposed merger.
These materials included:

    - a draft of the merger agreement dated May 30, 2001;

    - publicly available financial, operating and business information related
      to Cantel and Minntech;

    - publicly available market and securities data of Minntech and selected
      public companies deemed comparable to Minntech;

    - publicly available market and securities data of Cantel and selected
      public companies deemed comparable to Cantel;

    - analyst reports relating to Minntech;

    - to the extent publicly available, financial information relating to
      selected merger and acquisition transactions deemed comparable to the
      proposed merger;

    - internal financial information of Minntech and Cantel furnished by the
      respective management members; and

    - the financing commitment letter in connection with the transaction.

    
In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray visited Minntech's facilities and
had discussions with management of Minntech concerning the financial condition,
current operating results and business outlook for Minntech on a stand-alone
basis and as a combined company.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also discussed
Minntech's operating condition with the auditors and legal counsel to Minntech.

    
In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray visited Cantel's facilities and had
discussions with management of Cantel concerning the financial condition,
current operating results and business outlook for Cantel on a stand-alone basis
and as a combined company.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also discussed Cantel's
operating condition with the auditors and legal counsel to Cantel.
U.S.
Bancorp

Piper Jaffray also had discussions with Olympus America Inc., in connection with
the distribution agreements between Olympus America Inc. and MediVators, Inc.
and Olympus America Inc. and Carsen Group Inc.

    In delivering its opinion to the Minntech board of directors on May 30,
2001, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented various analyses and other
information material to the opinion.
The following is a summary of these
analyses.

    
MINNTECH IMPLIED CONSIDERATION.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray calculated the
implied value of the stock consideration to be received by the Minntech
stockholders for the range of exchange ratios and share prices of Cantel common
stock payable in the merger under the merger agreement, as shown in the
following table.
The exchange ratio will be based on the seven-day average
closing stock price of Cantel common stock ending on the sixth trading day
before the date of the Minntech shareholders meeting.


AVERAGE CANTEL STOCK PRICE                                 EXCHANGE RATIO   PER SHARE CONSIDERATION
- --------------------------                                 --------------   -----------------------

Less than $15.00.........................................      .2833           
Less than $4.25

$15.00 to $28.89.........................................  
.2833 to .1471           $4.25

More than $28.89.........................................      
.1471           More than $4.25

    As a result of the merger, former Minntech stockholders will own between 16%
and 28% of the outstanding Cantel common stock.
At an implied merger
consideration of $10.50 per share, consisting of $4.25 per share in common stock
and $6.25 per share in cash, the aggregate equity value of Minntech is
approximately $71 million, based on 6.7 million outstanding shares of Minntech
common stock on a fully diluted basis.

    
MINNTECH MARKET ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed the trading
history of, and published analyst estimates related to, Minntech common stock.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented the common stock trading information
contained in the following table:

                                                              STOCK PRICE
                                                              -----------

Closing price on May 17, 2001(1)............................     $8.55

30 day closing average(2)...................................     $8.61

26-week low.................................................     $6.00

26-week high................................................     $9.20

52-week low.................................................     $5.94

52-week high................................................     $9.20

- ------------------------

(1) The closing price of Minntech common stock on the trading day before the
    announcement of a possible transaction at $10.50 per share.


(2) The 30 calendar days ending May 17, 2001.

    
MINNTECH SELECTED PUBLIC COMPANY ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
compared financial information and valuation data relating to Minntech from the
proposed per share merger consideration of $10.50 and the termination right at
$10.00 (i.e. Minntech's right to terminate the merger agreement if the proposed
per share merger consideration is less than $10.00) to corresponding data and
ratios from eight publicly traded companies deemed comparable to Minntech
(Conmed Corp., Mentor Corp., STERIS Corp., Osteotech Corp., Merit Medical
Systems, Invivo Corp., Utah Medical Corp., Meridian Medical Technology Inc.).
In
its analysis, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray calculated and considered several

factors, including enterprise values, which means equity value plus debt less
cash, revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
or EBITDA, earnings before interest and tax, or EBIT, and ratio of price to
earnings per share, or P/E.

    This analysis produced multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                                                                                          SELECTED COMPANIES
                                                                          --------------------------------------------------
                                              MINNTECH(1)   MINNTECH(2)    MEDIAN         MEAN          HIGH          LOW
                                              -----------   -----------   
--------      --------      --------      
--------

Latest twelve month revenue growth..........      (0.8%)        (0.8%)       4.0%          6.0%         21.1%         (6.9%)

Enterprise value to latest twelve month
  revenue...................................       0.7x          0.7x        1.5x          1.5x          2.3x          0.7x

Enterprise value to latest twelve month
  EBITDA....................................       7.0x          6.5x        7.8x          7.6x         11.0x          5.6x

Enterprise value to latest twelve month
  EBIT......................................      12.5x         11.7x       10.1x         10.6x         15.3x          7.0x

Latest twelve month P/E.....................      21.0x         20.0x       18.6x         19.1x         31.7x         10.4x

Calendar 2001 P/E...........................      
14.8x         14.1x       15.6x         15.1x         17.6x         11.8x

- ------------------------

(1) Based on the per share merger consideration of $10.50.

(2) Based on the per share merger termination right below $10.00.

    SELECTED TRANSACTION ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed 16
merger and acquisition transactions which it deemed comparable to the merger.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed these selected transactions and compared the
resulting multiples of selected valuation data to multiples for Minntech derived
from the proposed per share merger consideration of $10.50 payable in the merger
and the termination right at $10.00.

    
This analysis produced multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                                                                                   SELECTED TRANSACTIONS
                                                                     --------------------------------------------------
                                         MINNTECH(1)   MINNTECH(2)    MEDIAN         MEAN          HIGH          LOW
                                         -----------   -----------   
--------      --------      --------      
--------

Latest twelve month revenue growth.....      (0.8%)        (0.8%)        7.0%          6.3%         14.5%        (5.1%)

Enterprise value (in millions).........     
$55.4         $51.8       $136.0        $202.2        $609.0        $25.0

Enterprise value to latest twelve
  months revenue.......................       0.7x          0.7x         1.6x          1.7x          2.9x         0.8x

Enterprise value to latest twelve
  months EBIT..........................       
7.0x          6.5x         8.0x          7.7x          9.1x         4.6x

Enterprise value to latest twelve
  months EBITDA........................      
12.5x         11.7x        10.2x         10.5x         13.5x         9.0x

Equity value to latest twelve months
  net income...........................      
21.0x         20.0x        16.8x         18.3x         27.4x        14.1x

- ------------------------

(1) Based on the per share merger consideration of $10.50.


(2) Based on the per share merger termination right below $10.00.

    PREMIUM PAID ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed publicly
available information for selected completed and pending transactions where a
change of control of the target occurred and that fulfill certain other
criteria.
Of the transactions meeting its criteria, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
evaluated 80 medical technology transactions since January 1, 1995.

    
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed an analysis of the medical technology
transactions, and the table below shows a comparison of those premiums
(discounts) to the premium that would be paid to

Minntech stockholders based on the per share merger consideration of $10.50.
The
purchase price premium calculation for Minntech is based upon the announcement
date of May 17, 2001, which was the date Minntech announced it was in merger
negotiations at $10.50 per share.

                                                                             
IMPLIED PREMIUM (DISCOUNT)
                                                                 --------------------------------------------------
                                                                          MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY TRANSACTIONS
                                                                 --------------------------------------------------
                                                      MINNTECH    MEDIAN         MEAN          HIGH          LOW
                                                      --------   --------      
--------      --------      
--------

Four weeks before announcement(1)...................    23.2%      42.1%         46.3%        120.9%         (9.3%)

- ------------------------

(1) Minntech premiums based on a Minntech common stock price of $8.52 on
    April 20, 2001.

    MINNTECH DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
performed a discounted cash flow analysis for Minntech in which it calculated
the present value of the projected future cash flows of Minntech using internal
financial planning data prepared by Minntech management.
U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray estimated a range of theoretical values for Minntech based on the net
present value of its implied annual cash flows and a terminal value for Minntech
at fiscal year end 2006 calculated based upon a multiple of operating income.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied a range of discount rates of 25% to 35% and a
range of terminal value multiples of 6.0x to 10.0x forecasted 2006 operating
income.

                                                                
MID        HIGH       LOW
                                                              --------   --------   --------

Aggregate equity value (in millions)........................   
$68.4      $89.7      $52.7
Per share Equity value......................................   $10.17     $12.95     $ 7.88

    CANTEL MARKET ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed the stock
trading history of Cantel common stock.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented the
recent common stock trading information contained in the following table:

                                                              STOCK PRICE
                                                              -----------

Closing price on May 30, 2001...............................    $23.00

30-day closing average(1)...................................    $20.30

26-week low.................................................    $ 7.88

26-week high................................................    $25.19

52-week low.................................................    $ 5.25

52-week high................................................    $25.19

- ------------------------

(1) 30 calendar days

    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also presented a graph illustrating the relative
stock price performance of Cantel common stock against Minntech common stock,
the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the S&P 500 Index.

    
CANTEL SELECTED PUBLIC COMPANY ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
compared financial information and valuation data relating to Cantel from market
price on May 31, 2001 to corresponding data and ratios from five publicly traded
companies deemed comparable to Cantel (Abaxis, Haemonetics Corp., Merit Medical
Systems, Respironics, and STERIS Corp).
In its analysis, U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray calculated and considered several factors, including enterprise values,
revenues, EBITDA, EBIT, P/E and stock price to earnings per share divided by
revenue growth, or PEG.

    
This analysis produced multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                                                                                  
SELECTED COMPANIES
                                                                  --------------------------------------------------
                                                      CANTEL(1)    MEDIAN         MEAN          HIGH          LOW
                                                      ---------   
--------      --------      --------      
--------

Calendar year 2001 estimated revenue growth.........    24.1%        9.4%         12.6%         24.7%          7.8%

Enterprise value to latest twelve month revenue.....     
2.4x        2.3x          2.2x          3.4x          0.8x

Enterprise value to latest twelve month EBITDA......    15.9x       11.7x         11.1x         12.9x          8.2x

Enterprise value to latest twelve month EBIT........    
17.2x       18.3x         18.7x         23.0x         15.3x

Latest twelve month P/E.............................    25.8x       33.2x         33.3x         39.6x         27.3x

Calendar 2001 P/E...................................    27.4x       27.3x         28.8x         43.2x         16.1x

PEG Ratio (2001 revenue growth).....................     
1.1x        1.8x          2.6x          4.3x          1.7x

- ------------------------

(1) Market data as of May 30, 2001.

    CANTEL DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed
a discounted cash flow analysis for Cantel in which it calculated the present
value of the projected future cash flows of Cantel using internal financial
planning data prepared by Cantel management.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
estimated a range of theoretical values for Cantel based on the net present
value of its implied annual cash flows and a terminal value for Cantel at fiscal
year end 2006 calculated based upon a multiple of operating income.
U.S.
Bancorp
Piper Jaffray applied a range of discount rates of 15% to 25% and a range of
terminal value multiples of 10.0x to 12.0x forecasted 2006 operating income.

                                                        
MID        HIGH       LOW
                                                      --------   --------   --------

Aggregate equity value (in millions)................   $ 91.2     $120.0     $ 70.0
Per share equity value..............................   $19.11     $24.95     $14.80

    In reaching its conclusion as to the fairness of the merger consideration
and in its presentation to the Minntech board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray did not rely on any single analysis or factor described above, assign
relative weights to the analyses or factors considered by it, or make any
conclusion as to how the results of any given analysis, taken alone, supported
its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selection of portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all of the factors and analyses, would create a misleading
view of the processes underlying the opinion.

    
The analyses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by the analyses.
Analyses relating to the value of
companies do not purport to be appraisals or valuations or necessarily reflect
the price at which companies may actually be sold.
No company or transaction
used in any analysis for purposes of comparison is identical to Minntech, Cantel
or the merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the comparisons is not
mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments about
differences in the companies to which Minntech and Cantel was compared and other
factors that could affect the public trading value of the companies.

    
For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon and
assumed the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the financial statements and
other information provided to it by Minntech and Cantel and otherwise made
available to it and did not assume responsibility for the independent
verification of that information.
Information prepared for financial planning
purposes was not prepared with the expectation of public disclosure.
U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon the assurances of the management of Minntech
and Cantel that the information provided to it by Minntech and Cantel was
prepared on a reasonable basis, the financial planning data and other business
outlook information reflect the best currently available estimates of
management, and management was not aware of any information or facts that would
make the information provided to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray incomplete or
misleading.

    
For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed that the
final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the last
draft it reviewed, without modification or waiver of material terms or
conditions by Minntech or Cantel.

    
In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not perform any
appraisals or valuations of any specific assets or liabilities of Minntech or
Cantel, and was not furnished with any such appraisals or valuations.
U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed Minntech as a going concern and accordingly
expressed no opinion as to the liquidation value of any entity.
U.S.
Bancorp
Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the price at which shares of Minntech
or Cantel common stock have traded or at which the shares of Minntech, Cantel or
the combined company may trade at any future time, or the effect that changes in
the Cantel stock price may have on the merger consideration.
U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray was not authorized to solicit, and did not solicit, other persons
regarding a business combination with Minntech.
The opinion is based on
information available to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and the facts and
circumstances as they existed and were subject to evaluation on the date of the
opinion.
Events occurring after that date could materially affect the
assumptions used in preparing the opinion.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray has not
undertaken to and is not obligated to affirm or revise its opinion or otherwise
comment on any events occurring after the date it was given.

    
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, as a customary part of its investment banking
business, evaluates businesses and their securities in connection with mergers
and acquisitions, underwritings and secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
The
Minntech board of directors selected U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray because of its
expertise, reputation and familiarity with the medical technology industry in
general and with Minntech in particular.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray writes
research on and maintains a market in the Minntech common stock.
In the ordinary
course of its business, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and its affiliates may
actively trade securities of Minntech or Cantel for their own accounts or the
accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in those securities.

    
Under the terms of the engagement letter dated October 3, 2000, Minntech has
agreed to pay U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray a fee equal to 1.5% of the aggregate
consideration paid to Minntech or its stockholders in connection with the merger
for its financial advisory services rendered in connection with the merger, and
the minimum fee payable is $750,000.
Minntech has agreed to pay U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray $400,000 for rendering its opinion, which will be credited against
payment of the fee for financial advisory services.
The contingent nature of the
financial advisory fee may have created a potential conflict of interest in that
Minntech would be unlikely to consummate the transaction unless it had received
the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.
Whether or not the transaction is
consummated, Minntech has agreed to pay the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and to indemnify U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray against
liabilities incurred.
These liabilities include liabilities under the federal
securities laws in connection with the engagement of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
by the Minntech board of directors.


MINNTECH PROJECTIONS PROVIDED TO CANTEL

    Minntech provided Cantel with projections that Minntech prepared of its
future financial performance for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2002.
The
material portions of these projections reflected projected total revenues of
approximately $81 million, total operating costs and expenses of approximately
$73.6 million, earnings from operations of approximately $7.3 million, and net
earnings of approximately $5.1 million.

    
The statements regarding Minntech's financial projections constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act and are subject to the safe
harbors created under these sections.
In light of the significant uncertainties
inherent in forward-looking financial information of any kind, our including
this information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded
as a representation that the financial projections will be achieved.
You are
cautioned that these financial projections should not be regarded as fact and
should not be relied upon as an accurate representation of future results.
The
projections were not examined, reviewed, or compiled by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, Minntech's independent accountants.
PricewaterhouseCoopers assumes no
responsibility for the projections, they do not express any opinion or any other
form of assurance on the projections, and they disclaim any association with the
projections.
The projections were not prepared in accordance with the standards
for prospective financial information established by the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants.
The financial projections were prepared by, and
are the sole responsibility of, Minntech's management for internal budgeting and
planning purposes and not for the purposes of the proposed merger.
They were
based on numerous subjective estimates and other assumptions and are inherently
subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies.
Further, there have been
and will be differences between actual and forecasted results, and these
differences may be material.
As disclosed elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus under "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements," Minntech's business and operations are subject to substantial risks
that increase the uncertainty inherent in the financial projections.
Any of the
factors disclosed under "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements" could cause the actual results to differ materially from the
financial projections described below.

    
The financial projections were prepared by Minntech in May 2001 as part of
Minntech's normal annual budgeting process for fiscal 2002, and do not reflect
or take into account any circumstances or events occurring after that date.
In
addition, the financial projections were prepared on the assumption that
Minntech remained an independent company, and it is highly likely that the
contribution of Minntech's business to Cantel's consolidated results will be
different from Minntech's performance on a stand-alone basis.
In analyzing the
potential benefits of the transaction with Minntech, Cantel did not assume that
the financial projections provided by Minntech would be achieved.
Cantel and
Minntech disclaim any duty to update or otherwise publicly to revise the
projections and make no representations as to whether the projections will be
achieved.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MINNTECH IN THE MERGER

    
When considering the recommendation of Minntech's board of directors
regarding the merger, Minntech shareholders should be aware that some of
Minntech's directors and officers have interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, other shareholders' interests.
Minntech's
board of directors was aware of these interests before approving the merger
agreement.
The interests include the following:

    MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS

    Minntech has management agreements with a number of its executive officers
and one non-executive employee.
These agreements entitle each such person to a
lump-sum payment and 3-years' continuation of other benefits if his or her
employment is terminated either involuntarily or

constructively (other than for cause, death, disability, or retirement) within
36-months after a change in control of Minntech.
The agreements provide these
persons with a lump-sum payment equal to one and a half to three times
(depending on the person) the average annual compensation of the person over the
prior five years' employment at Minntech (or over such shorter time as he or she
has been employed by Minntech) and 50% of such amount upon certain voluntary
terminations.
We do not know whether the employment of any of the persons
subject to the management agreements will terminate under circumstances that
would entitle the the individual to payment under his or her management
agreement.
The payments and other benefits under the management agreements would
be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion is subject to the
imposition of any federal excise tax payments or is non-deductible to Cantel for
income tax purposes pursuant to the golden parachute provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code.
If termination of employment were to occur, based on information
as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, we estimate that the
severance amounts, including the value of the continuation of other benefits,
that the following persons would be entitled to receive pursuant to their
agreements, after giving effect to the golden parachute cutback, if any, are
approximately:

                                               PAYMENT
(IF VOLUNTARY   PAYMENT (IF INVOLUNTARY OR
                                                  TERMINATION)(1)      CONSTRUCTIVE TERMINATION)
                                               ---------------------   --------------------------

Barbara A. Wrigley...........................        $349,706                   $699,412
Paul E. Helms................................        $488,706                   $633,168
Jules L. Fisher..............................        $409,230                   $540,460
Robert W. Johnson............................        $373,495                   $468,990
Michael P. Petersen..........................        $244,000                   $349,000
R. James Danehy..............................        $226,333(2)                $406,333(2)

LeRoy J. Fischbach...........................        
$226,812                   $263,439

- ------------------------

(1) An individual is entitled to these amounts only if he or she voluntarily
    terminates his or her employment for any reason during a period beginning on
    the 91st and ending on the 180th day following Minntech's change in control.
    
If the individual voluntarily terminates his or her employment on any other
    date, in the absence of constructive termination, he or she receives no
    payment under his or her management agreement.


(2) This assumes that a change in control of Minntech will occur on or before
    November 29, 2001, in which case, pursuant to Mr. Danehy's management
    agreement, he will be entitled to a severance payment equal to $226,333 on
    certain voluntary terminations, or $406,333 on an involuntary or
    constructive termination.
If the change in control of Minntech were to occur
    after November 29, 2001, pursuant to Mr. Danehy's management agreement, he
    would be entitled to a severance payment of $586,333 on certain voluntary
    terminations, or $1,079,999 on an involuntary or constructive termination.
    
We expect that the merger will close during the third quarter of 2001 and
    that, therefore, the change in control will occur before November 29, 2001.

    
EMERITUS DIRECTOR CONSULTING PLAN

    Minntech maintains an emeritus director consulting plan, which was designed
to secure for Minntech the benefit of long-time directors' experience even after
they retire from the board by giving those directors the incentive to enter into
consulting agreements.
Upon a change in control of Minntech, such as will occur
in connection with the merger, the plan also provides for directors with at
least five-years' continuous service on Minntech's board of directors to receive
the consulting payments provided for under the plan even if Cantel does not
request them to enter into consulting agreements.
The plan provides for
quarterly payments to each eligible director in the amount of $3,000.
For each
such director, the payments continue for a number of years equal to the number
of continuous years that the director served on Minntech's board.
The payments
are reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion is subject to the
imposition of any federal excise tax payments or is non-deductible to Cantel

for income tax purposes pursuant to the golden parachute provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code.
The payments terminate upon a director's death.
If the
merger closes, the aggregate payments, discounted to present value (after giving
effect to the golden parachute cutback, if any, as required under the plan),
that each eligible director would be entitled to receive over time under the
plan, and each such director's years of service as a director of Minntech, are
as follows:

                                                                          AGGREGATE PAYMENT
                                                 YEARS OF SERVICE   (DISCOUNTED TO PRESENT VALUE)
                                                 ----------------   
-----------------------------

George Heenan..................................         19                     $125,933
Amos Heilicher.................................         19                     $ 72,299
Fred L. Shapiro, M.D...........................         19                     $ 72,299
Norm Dann......................................          6                     $ 57,553

    DIRECTORSHIP

    After completion of the merger, Cantel has agreed to nominate and use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the election of Dr. Fred Shapiro, a current
non-employee director of Minntech, to Cantel's board of directors.

    
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

    Under the merger agreement, for six years after the closing date of the
merger, Cantel will cause the surviving company to indemnify Minntech's present
and former directors and officers for acts or omissions occurring before the
completion of the merger to the extent provided under Minntech's articles of
incorporation and bylaws in effect on the date of the merger agreement.
For six
years after the closing of the merger, Cantel will cause the surviving company
to provide directors' and officers' liability insurance for acts or omissions
occurring before the completion of the merger covering each such person
currently covered by Minntech's directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy on terms with respect to coverage and amount no less favorable than those
in effect on the date of the merger agreement, but only to the extent that the
cost of such insurance does not exceed 200% of the average annual premium
currently paid by Minntech.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for financial reporting
purposes.
After the completion of the merger, the results of operations of
Minntech will be included in the consolidated financial statements of Cantel.

The purchase price will be allocated to Minntech's assets and liabilities based
on the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
Any
excess of cost over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets of
Minntech acquired will be recorded as goodwill.
The merger will close after
July 1, 2001.
Therefore, in accordance with the provisions of the current
exposure draft, Business Combinations and Intangible Assets--Accounting for
Goodwill, no amortization expense will be recognized for the goodwill generated
as a result of the merger.
A final determination of the intangible asset lives
and required purchase accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the
purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
respective fair values, has not yet been made.
Accordingly, the purchase
accounting adjustments made in connection with the development of the unaudited
pro forma financial information appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus are preliminary and have been made solely for purposes of
developing the unaudited pro forma financial information.
Cantel has undertaken
a study to determine the fair value of Minntech's assets and liabilities and
will make appropriate purchase accounting adjustments upon completion of that
study.
For financial reporting purposes, the results of operations of Minntech
will be included in Cantel's statement of income following the effective time of
the merger and Cantel's historical statements of income will not be restated.

See "Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information.
"

FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    The following is a general discussion of the material federal income tax
consequences of the merger to Minntech shareholders.
This discussion is based on
current law, which is subject to change, possibly retroactively.
This discussion
applies to Minntech shareholders who hold their Minntech common stock as a
capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.

This discussion does not address the consequences of the merger under state,
local or foreign law, nor does the discussion address all aspects of federal
income taxation that may be important to a Minntech shareholder in light of his
or her particular circumstances or tax issues that may be significant to a
Minntech stockholder subject to special rules, such as financial institutions;
broker-dealers; persons who are not citizens or residents of the United States
or who are foreign corporations, partnerships, estates or trusts; tax exempt
entities or traders in securities that elect to mark-to-market.

    
Minntech shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the
specific tax consequences of the merger for them, including the applicable
federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences.

    
CONSEQUENCES TO MINNTECH SHAREHOLDERS.  
The merger will be a taxable
transaction for Minntech shareholders.
A Minntech shareholder will recognize a
taxable gain or loss, computed with respect to each share of Minntech stock,
equal to the difference between (1) the amount of the cash consideration and the
market value of the stock consideration received in the merger and (2) the
shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the Minntech common stock exchanged in the
merger.
This gain or loss will be a long-term capital gain or loss in the case
of shares of Minntech stock that, at the effective time of the merger, have been
held by the shareholder for more than one year.
For non-corporate Minntech
shareholders, this long-term capital gain is subject to a maximum tax rate of
20%.

    
Each share of Cantel stock received by a Minntech shareholder in the merger
will have a tax basis equal to the fair market value of the share received.
A
new holding period for each share of Cantel stock received will begin on the
closing date of the merger.

    
BACKUP WITHHOLDING.  
The payment of the cash and stock consideration by
Cantel to a Minntech shareholder may be subject to "backup" withholding at a
rate of 31% (1) if the Minntech shareholder does not furnish his or her social
security number or other taxpayer identification number in the specified manner
or (2) under some other circumstances.
Any amount withheld from the payment of
the merger consideration under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a
refund or credit against the Minntech shareholder's federal income tax liability
if the Minntech shareholder furnishes the required information to the Internal
Revenue Service.
Corporations and some other entities are exempt from backup
withholding if they properly establish their exempt status.


REGULATORY MATTERS

    GENERAL.  
Under the merger agreement, we have both agreed to use our
reasonable best efforts to take all actions to obtain all necessary regulatory
and governmental approvals necessary to complete the merger and to address any
concerns of regulators and governmental officials.
Our obligations to complete
the merger are dependent on the condition that there be no judgment, injunction
or decree of any court or governmental entity in effect, that prohibits the
merger.
We are not aware of any significant regulatory approvals for the merger.

    
QUOTATION ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET.  
It is a condition to the merger
that the shares of Cantel stock to be issued in the merger be approved for
listing on the Nasdaq National Market System, subject only to official notice of
issuance.
An application will be filed with the Nasdaq National Market System to
list these shares.
Following the merger, Minntech stock will no longer be
registered under the Securities Act or traded on the Nasdaq National Market
System.


FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; STOCK TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

    All shares of Cantel common stock received by Minntech shareholders in the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely tradeable
without restriction by people who will not be "affiliates" of Cantel after the
merger or who were not "affiliates" of Minntech on the date of the Minntech
special shareholders meeting.
Any of these "affiliates" may resell the Cantel
common stock received by him or her in the merger only if the shares are
registered for resale under the Securities Act or an exemption from such
registration under the Securities Act is available.
Those people may be
permitted to effect resales under the safe harbor provisions of Rule 145 under
the Securities Act, or Rule 144 in the case of persons who become "affiliates"
of Cantel, or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
People who may be
deemed to be "affiliates" of Minntech or Cantel generally include individuals or
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with,
Minntech or Cantel, as applicable, and may include some officers and all
directors of that party as well as principal shareholders of Minntech or Cantel,
as applicable.
We recommend that any of those people obtain advice of securities
counsel before making any resale.

    
The merger agreement provides that,

    - on or before the date of the Minntech special shareholders meeting,
      Minntech will deliver to Cantel a letter identifying all people who may be
      deemed to be affiliates of Minntech for purposes of Rule 145 under the
      Securities Act; and

    - on or before the date of the Minntech special shareholders meeting,
      Minntech will use reasonable best efforts to cause each of its
      "affiliates" to deliver a written agreement to the effect that the
      "affiliate" will not offer or sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of
      Cantel common stock received in the merger in violation of the Securities
      Act or the rules and regulations under the Securities Act.

    
This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover resales of Cantel
common stock received by any person who may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of
Cantel or Minntech.


FINANCING

    Cantel will finance the cash portion of the merger consideration out of
available cash of Cantel and Minntech, as well as through borrowings under a new
credit facility with Fleet Bank, N.A. Cantel expects that the combined company
will have approximately $22,000,000 cash in hand at the time of closing of the
merger.

    
Fleet has delivered to Cantel a commitment letter in which it agrees,
subject to the conditions described below, to provide to Cantel a senior secured
credit facility of up to $47.5 million to be used, in part, in connection with
the merger.
Although Fleet has committed to provide the credit facility on a
fully underwritten basis, Fleet has the right to, and expects to, form a
syndicate of lenders to provide the facility.
In this case, Fleet will act as
agent for the lenders.
The following is a summary of the material terms of the
commitment letter.

    STRUCTURE.  
The credit facility will provide for aggregate borrowings of up
to $47.5 million, consisting of (1) a senior secured revolving credit facility
of up to $22.5 million, and (2) a senior secured term loan facility of up to
$25.0 million.
The proceeds from these facilities may be used to finance the
payment of the cash consideration for shares of Minntech common stock in the
proposed merger, to pay fees and expenses relating to the merger, to repay
existing indebtedness of Cantel and Minntech, and for general working capital
purposes.
The facility includes a working capital subfacility for borrowings by
Carsen Group, Inc., Cantel's Canadian subsidiary, a letter of credit subfacility
and a swing line subfacility.
The revolving credit facility will be subject to a
borrowing base equal to an amount not to exceed 85% of eligible accounts
receivable, plus approximately 50% of eligible inventory.

    AVAILABILITY.  
Borrowings under the revolving credit facility will be
available on a fully revolving basis.
Borrowings under the term facility will be
available in a single draw at closing.

    INTEREST.  
Borrowings under the credit facility will bear interest that is
payable quarterly, at a rate per annum equal to, at Cantel's option, either
(1) the greater of (a) the current base rate as offered by Fleet or (b) .50% per
annum above the federal funds rate plus, in each case, an applicable margin or
(2) the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus an applicable margin.
The
initial applicable margin on the LIBOR rate is 3.25% and the initial applicable
margin on the base rate is 2.00%.
There is also a commitment fee payable on the
unused portion of the revolving credit facility.
The initial commitment fee is
 .50% on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility.
After six months
from closing, the applicable margin will be based on the combined company's
ratio of total debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA") and will vary as follows (1) for LIBOR borrowings, from
2.00% to 3.25%, and (2) for base rate borrowings, from .75% to 2.00%.
After six
months from closing, the commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving
credit facility will vary from .30% to .50% depending on the combined company's
ratio of total debt to EBITDA.

    MATURITY AND AMORTIZATION.  
The term loan facility will be amortized on a
quarterly basis with final maturity five years from the closing date.
Quarterly
amortization will commence three months from the closing date as follows:

Quarters 1 to 4......................  $500,000 per Quarter
Quarters 5 to 8......................  $750,000 per Quarter
Quarters 9 to 12.....................  $1,250,000 per Quarter
Quarters 13 to 16....................  $1,750,000 per Quarter
Quarters 17 to 20....................  $2,000,000 per Quarter

    The revolving credit facility will mature, and any outstanding loans under
that facility will be repaid in full, five years from the closing date.

    
COMMITMENT REDUCTIONS AND REPAYMENTS.  
In the event that the combined
company's total debt to EBITDA ratio is greater than or equal to 1.5, Cantel
will be required, subject to some exceptions, to make mandatory prepayments of a
specified percentage of annual excess cash flow.
Cantel will also be required to
make mandatory prepayments upon receipt of proceeds from certain assets sales,
equity sales, and debt issuances.
Cantel will have the right to prepay the loans
at any time without premium or penalty, and, subject to satisfaction of
applicable conditions, amounts prepaid or repaid under the revolving credit
facility may be reborrowed before maturity.

    FEES.  
The credit facility will require Cantel to pay customary commitment,
letter of credit and other fees.

    SECURITY AND GUARANTEES.  
Obligations under the credit facility will be:

    - secured by perfected first priority liens on all domestic tangible and
      intangible assets of the combined company and its subsidiaries, including
      a pledge of 100% of the capital stock of its domestic subsidiaries, 65% of
      the capital stock of its foreign subsidiaries and a negative pledge on all
      present and future assets and properties (excluding assets pledged for any
      outstanding working capital lines of Carsen) of the combined company's
      existing and future foreign subsidiaries; and

    - guaranteed by each of Cantel's existing and future domestic subsidiaries.

    
In addition, borrowings under the Carsen subfacility will be secured by
perfected first priority liens on all of Carsen's tangible and intangible assets
and will be guaranteed by Carsen.

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
The credit facility will include customary
representations and warranties.

    COVENANTS.  
The credit facility will include customary affirmative and
negative covenants.
In addition, the credit facility will require the combined
company to comply with specified financial ratios and tests.

    
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO FUNDING.  
Funding will be subject to conditions
precedent, including:

    - the merger shall have been, or shall be concurrently, completed pursuant
      to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement (without amendment or
      waiver except as approved by Fleet) and in accordance with applicable law
      and the documentation for the financing of the merger;

    - the accuracy and completeness, in all material respects, of information
      relating to Cantel, Minntech and the merger supplied to Fleet;

    - the absence of a development that would reasonably be expected to have a
      material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise),
      operations, business, properties or prospects of the combined company;

    - Fleet not having become aware of any information not previously disclosed
      to it that it considers to be inconsistent with its understanding of the
      proposed business, assets, operations, structure, prospects and conditions
      of each of Minntech and Cantel and their respective subsidiaries that
      would reasonably be expected to result in a material change in, or
      material deviation from, the information, taken as a whole, previously
      delivered to Fleet or would reasonably be expected to be materially
      adverse to the condition (financial or otherwise), business, operations,
      properties or prospects of the combined company;

    - the combined company having (1) a minimum consolidated pro forma EBITDA
      for the last twelve months of $15.25 million, and (2) a ratio of maximum
      consolidated total debt to EBITDA for the last twelve months not exceeding
      2.60 (with the last twelve months for Minntech and Cantel, as the case may
      be, measured from the most recently filed financial information in its SEC
      quarterly or annual filing before the closing of the financing, and with
      EBITDA excluding non-recurring charges);

    - all contracts with Olympus America Inc. remaining valid and in force,
      except to the extent that the failure of any one or more such contracts to
      remain valid and in force would not, individually or together, reasonably
      be expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial
      or otherwise), business, operations, properties or prospects of the
      combined company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

    - the completion, execution and delivery of definitive documentation for the
      credit facility;

    - there being no litigation or administrative proceedings or other legal or
      regulatory developments, actual or threatened, that would reasonably be
      expected to result in a material adverse effect on the combined company,
      or on the rights and remedies of Fleet, or on the ability of Cantel and
      Minntech to perform their obligations;

    - the receipt of all material governmental and third-party approvals and
      compliance with all laws, except to the extent that failure to comply with
      laws would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
      the combined company;

    - the completion by a third party of an environmental due diligence review
      relating to the Netherlands properties of Minntech, the conclusion of
      which is that Minntech is not reasonably likely to have environmental
      liabilities relating to the properties of $1.0 million or more, based on
      the results of the environmental review (this condition will be deemed
      waived if not invoked within five business days after the receipt by Fleet
      of a copy of the results of the review);

    - the purchase by Cantel of interest rate protection for 50% of the term
      facility in a manner satisfactory to Fleet; and

    - there not having been any material adverse change in loan syndication or
      financial or capital market conditions generally that would be reasonably
      likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Fleet to
      syndicate successfully the commitment under the commitment letter.

    EVENTS OF DEFAULT; INDEMNIFICATION.  
The credit facility will include
customary provisions specifying events of default and customary indemnification
provisions.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

GENERAL

    THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND
ATTACHED AS ANNEX A TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS.
WE ENCOURAGE YOU
TO READ THE MERGER AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.

STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

    Under the merger agreement, Canopy Merger Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary
of Cantel, will merge with and into Minntech.
As a result of the merger,
Minntech will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Cantel.


CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME

    The merger will become effective when we file articles of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Minnesota.
However, we may agree to a later
time and specify that time in the articles of merger.
We expect to file the
articles of merger and to complete the merger within a week after the Minntech
shareholders meeting, assuming the shareholders of both companies approve the
transaction and the other conditions in the merger agreement are satisfied or
waived.
Please see "--Conditions to Completion of the Merger" on page   for a
discussion of these conditions.


WHAT MINNTECH SHAREHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER; FRACTIONAL SHARES

    If the merger is completed, each share of Minntech common stock issued and
outstanding immediately before the merger, other than shares held directly or
indirectly by Cantel, which will be cancelled, and other than dissenting shares,
will be automatically converted into the right to receive $6.25 in cash, without
interest, and a fraction of a share of Cantel common stock equal to the exchange
ratio.
The exchange ratio will be equal to the number, rounded to four decimal
places, obtained by dividing $4.25 by the average per share closing price of
Cantel common stock, rounded to four decimal places, as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market System, over the period of seven consecutive trading days ending
on the sixth trading day preceding the date of the Minntech special shareholders
meeting.
The merger agreement provides that the exchange ratio will not be less
than 0.1471 nor greater than 0.2833, except as described in the next sentence.

If the Cantel average closing price, based on this measurement period, is less
than $13.24, Minntech will have the right to terminate the merger agreement
unless Cantel elects to increase the per-share merger consideration, with cash
or Cantel stock, or both, so that the value of the merger consideration to be
received by Minntech shareholders, based on the Cantel average closing price, is
equal to $10.00.
Each holder of a certificate representing any shares of
Minntech common stock will no longer have any rights with respect to the shares
of Minntech common stock, except the right to receive the cash and the Cantel
common stock that comprise the merger consideration.

    
No fractional shares of Cantel common stock will be issued for Minntech
shares.
Instead, the exchange agent will pay an amount in cash, without
interest, determined by multiplying the fractional share interest to which the
Minntech shareholder would otherwise be entitled by the average trading price of
a share of Cantel common stock on the Nasdaq National Market System over the
period of seven consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the closing date.

PROCEDURES FOR SURRENDER OF MINNTECH STOCK CERTIFICATES

    As soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger, Cantel will
instruct the exchange agent for the merger to mail to each person who holds
shares of Minntech common stock at the time of the merger a letter of
transmittal containing instructions with respect to the surrender of the
person's Minntech stock certificates.
YOU SHOULD NOT SEND YOUR STOCK
CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED PROXY.

    
Commencing immediately after the effective time of the merger, upon
surrender by Minntech shareholders of their stock certificates representing
Minntech shares in accordance with the instructions contained in the letter of
transmittal, Minntech shareholders will be entitled to receive stock
certificates representing shares of Cantel common stock for which those Minntech
shares have been exchanged, together with a check in the amount of cash the
holder is entitled to receive, including:

    - $6.25, constituting the cash portion of the merger consideration;

    - any cash paid instead of fractional shares; and

    - any cash payable as an adjustment amount described under "--Termination."

    
However, no cash will be paid until the holder of the Minntech common stock
certificate surrenders that certificate.
Taxes will be withheld if required.

    
After the merger, there will be no transfers on the transfer books of
Minntech of shares of Minntech common stock that were outstanding immediately
before the merger.

    
Any Cantel stock certificates and any cash deposited by Cantel with the
exchange agent that remain unclaimed by former Minntech shareholders one year
after the merger will be delivered to Cantel.
Any former Minntech shareholders
who have not complied with the exchange procedures before the first anniversary
of the merger may look only to Cantel for payment of the merger consideration
and any cash instead of fractional shares and unpaid dividends or distributions
on the shares of Cantel common stock.
None of Cantel, Canopy Merger Corp.,
Minntech or the exchange agent will be liable to you for any amount delivered to
a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law.

    
If your Minntech stock certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed, you
will be entitled to receive only the merger consideration by making an affidavit
and, if required by the surviving corporation, by posting a bond in an amount
sufficient to protect the surviving corporation or Cantel against claims related
to your Minntech stock certificate.


MINNTECH STOCK OPTIONS AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    
The Minntech board of directors has agreed to use its reasonable best
efforts, as soon as practicable following the date of the merger agreement, to
take such actions as may be required to provide that each unexpired and
unexercised Minntech stock option, other than the pre-1996 options and the
employee stock purchase plan options discussed below, granted under Minntech's
stock option plans, outstanding at the time of the merger will be converted into
the right to receive an amount of cash equal to:

    - the excess, if any, of

       - the cash consideration plus the fair market value of the stock
         consideration received by Minntech stockholders in the merger for each
         share of Minntech common stock, over

       - the exercise price per share of Minntech common stock subject to such
         Minntech stock option

    - multiplied by the number of shares of Minntech common stock for which the
      Minntech option has not been exercised.

    
However, if you hold outstanding options granted under Minntech's 1989 Stock
Plan that were granted on or before September 26, 1996, your options will remain
outstanding unless you sign a consent providing for the cash-out of your
options.
These stock options are referred to in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as "pre-1996 options."
Minntech will be requesting, before
its special shareholders meeting, consent to this cash-out from each holder of
pre-1996 options.
The consent will provide that, in the merger, for each share
of Minntech common stock subject to a pre-1996 option held immediately before
the effective time of the merger by the person providing the consent, that
person will be entitled to payment of an amount in cash equal to the greater of
(1) the excess, if any,

of the per-share merger consideration received by Minntech shareholders in the
merger, over the exercise price per share of Minntech common stock subject to
the pre-1996 option, or (2) $0.02.
There are 46 Minntech employees, officers and
directors who hold pre-1996 options to purchase an aggregate of 486,068 shares
of Minntech common stock.
Simultaneously with the signing of the merger
agreement, nine Minntech officers and directors holding pre-1996 options to
purchase an aggregate of 341,230 shares of Minntech common stock consented to a
cash-out of their pre-1996 options on the terms described above.

    
If a holder of pre-1996 options does not consent to a cash-out of the
options, that holder's options will remain outstanding as options to purchase
shares of Minntech, which will then be a wholly owned subsidiary of Cantel.
In
this case, Cantel intends that, after the merger with Minntech, it would effect
one or more mergers involving its Minntech subsidiary, not requiring the vote of
any stockholders, the objective of which would be the cash-out of all Minntech
shares issued on exercise of the pre-1996 options.

    
Immediately following the effective time of the merger, each share of
Minntech common stock covered by outstanding options to purchase Minntech common
stock under the 1990 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be cancelled, and the
payroll deductions credited to a participant's account, plus interest at the
prime rate as published at the effective time of the merger at Wells Fargo Bank
Minnesota, N.A., will be paid to the participant as soon as administratively
feasible after the effective time of the merger, and no new phase under the plan
will commence after the effective time of the merger.

    
All amounts payable with respect to Minntech stock options will be subject
to any required withholding of taxes or proof of eligibility of exemption.
These
amounts will be paid, without interest, as soon as is practicable, but in no
event later than five business days, following the merger.

    
Minntech has agreed to make all changes to its stock option plans as Cantel
and Minntech may agree are appropriate to give effect to the merger.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    The merger agreement contains customary reciprocal representations and
warranties by each of us to the other relating to:

    - corporate organization, standing, qualification and power;

    - capitalization;

    - authorization, execution and enforceability of the merger agreement;

    - whether entering into the merger agreement will conflict with our charter
      or bylaws, require consents or governmental approvals, or violate any
      laws, regulations or existing agreements;

    - documents filed by each of us with the SEC, including financial
      statements, and disclosure of liabilities;

    - the contents of the registration statement and the joint proxy
      statement/prospectus;

    - the absence of material changes or events;

    - tax matters;

    - owned property;

    - material contracts;

    - intellectual property matters;

    - litigation;

    - compliance with applicable laws, permitting and licensing requirements;

    - brokers and finders fees with respect to the merger;

    - employee benefit plans;

    - environmental matters;

    - insurance;

    - our products;

    - Medicare and Medicaid anti-fraud statutes;

    - opinions of financial advisors;

    - required stockholder votes in connection with the merger;

    - relationships with our distributors, suppliers and customers;

    - in the case of Minntech, amendment of its rights agreement; and

    - in the case of Cantel, the delivery to Minntech of a commitment for
      financing sufficient to complete the merger.


CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

    During the period from the date of the merger agreement to the effective
time of the merger, each of us must comply with agreements relating to the
conduct of our respective businesses, except as otherwise permitted by the
merger agreement or as consented to by the other party.

    
Each of us has agreed that we will:

    - use our reasonable best efforts to preserve our assets, technology and
      business organizations in all material respects, and maintain our
      respective rights and franchises;

    - use our reasonable best efforts to keep available the services of our
      officers and key employees;

    - use our reasonable best efforts to maintain our existing relationships
      with customers, suppliers and others having significant business
      relationships with us; and

    - conduct our business and operations in the ordinary and usual course
      consistent with past practice.

    
The merger agreement prohibits each of us, except as otherwise permitted by
the merger agreement or as consented to by the other party, from taking specific
actions, including,

    - making any changes in our equity capital structure;

    - purchasing any shares of our capital stock or any options to purchase our
      capital stock or any securities convertible into our capital stock;

    - declaring any dividend or making any other distribution with respect to
      shares of our capital stock;

    - amending our organizational documents;

    - issuing shares of our capital stock or options to purchase our capital
      stock or securities convertible into our capital stock, with specified
      permitted exceptions, or designating any class or series of capital stock
      from our authorized but undesignated preferred stock;

    - purchasing capital assets or making capital expenditures, with specified
      permitted exceptions;

    - purchasing any business or the stock of any corporation, or merging or
      consolidating with any person;

    - leasing, encumbering or otherwise disposing of our assets, except in the
      ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

    - incurring, assuming, or guaranteeing indebtedness for money borrowed, with
      specified permitted exceptions;

    - entering into new benefit plans or programs or severance or employment
      agreements;

    - granting increases in compensation or benefits of employees, officers or
      directors, except as required by existing agreements or in the ordinary
      course of business consistent with past practice;

    - entering into or negotiating collective bargaining agreements, except as
      required by law;

    - changing or modifying existing accounting methods, principles, or
      practices, other than as required by generally accepted accounting
      principles;

    - entering into or adversely modifying material contracts;

    - in the case of Minntech, funding a rabbi trust, paying R. James Danehy a
      transaction bonus of greater than $5,000, or changing or commencing a new
      phase pursuant to its 1990 Employee Stock Purchase Plan;

    - paying or satisfying any material claims, with specified permitted
      exceptions;

    - releasing, granting or transferring rights of material value, other than
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

    - entering into agreements or arrangements with affiliates other than our
      wholly owned subsidiaries;

    - relinquishing material contractual or other rights or claims, with
      specified permitted exceptions;

    - knowingly disposing of or permitting to lapse any of our propriety rights
      or knowingly disclosing to any person who is not our employee, consultant
      or advisor or otherwise knowingly disposing of trade secrets, processes or
      knowhow not a matter of public knowledge, with specified permitted
      exceptions; and

    - taking or omitting to take actions that would be reasonably likely to
      result in any of the conditions to the merger not being satisfied, or
      preventing, materially delaying or materially impeding the consummation of
      the merger, with specified permitted exceptions.

    
Each of us has also agreed that we will not, other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, make any material tax election
or settle or compromise any tax liability, and that we will notify each other of
any request to extend the time to file any of our tax returns.
In addition,
Minntech has agreed that it will act to resolve, in as expeditiously a manner as
is commercially reasonable, any outstanding issues with respect to state sales,
use, franchise or income tax liabilities of Minntech or its subsidiaries; will
keep Cantel reasonably informed about the status of any discussions, and, if
Cantel so requests, will permit Cantel to participate in any negotiations or
meetings with state tax authorities with respect to state sales, use, franchise
or income tax liabilities of Minntech or its subsidiaries; and will continue to
proceed in a commercially reasonable manner to establish and maintain
appropriate systems to permit compliance by Minntech and its subsidiaries with
all applicable state sales, use, franchise and income tax laws.

    
In addition, we have each agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain
any third-party consents necessary to consummate the merger, and to notify each
other of the failure to obtain any necessary consents.


ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS' COVENANT TO RECOMMEND.  
Minntech has agreed that its
board of directors will recommend approval of the merger agreement and the
merger by Minntech shareholders and will use its reasonable best efforts to
solicit proxies in connection with the Minntech special shareholders meeting in
favor of the merger proposal.
However, Minntech's board need not recommend
approval of the merger agreement and the merger nor need it solicit those
proxies if Minntech has received a superior acquisition proposal and the board,
in the good faith exercise of its fiduciary duties, determines, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, that it wishes to recommend
approval of the superior acquisition proposal.
The concept of a "superior
acquisition proposal" is explained below under "--No Solicitation."

    Cantel has agreed that its board of directors will recommend approval of the
issuance of common stock in the merger by stockholders of Cantel and will use it
reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies in connection with the Cantel
stockholders meeting in favor of approval of the stock issuance.

    
NO SOLICITATION.  
Minntech may not, and may not permit any of its officers,
directors, financial advisors, or other agents or representatives to, take any
action to solicit any third-party acquisition offer.
In the merger agreement, we
define a third-party acquisition offer as any offer to:

    - acquire any shares of capital stock of Minntech or its subsidiaries;

    - merge or consolidate with Minntech or any of its subsidiaries; or

    - otherwise acquire, except to the extent not prohibited by the merger
      agreement, any significant portion of the assets of Minntech and its
      subsidiaries, taken as whole.

    
If Minntech receives a third-party acquisition offer from any person or
group that is an offer to acquire, by tender offer, merger, acquisition of
assets or otherwise, 40% or more of the outstanding shares of Minntech or assets
of Minntech, then, except to the extent the Minntech board of directors
otherwise determines in the good faith exercise of its fiduciary duties after
consulting with outside legal counsel, Minntech may not, and may not permit any
of its officers, directors, financial advisors, or other agents or
representatives to, directly or indirectly:

    - engage in discussions or negotiations concerning the offer;

    - disclose financial information, or any confidential or proprietary trade
      or business information, relating to it;

    - afford access to its properties, books or records; or

    - otherwise cooperate in any way with any person or group that it has reason
      to believe is considering a third-party acquisition offer.

    
In any event, before Minntech can furnish non-public information or access
to such an offeror, Minntech must have received from the offeror an executed
confidentiality and standstill agreement that is no less favorable to Minntech
than the Confidentiality Agreement dated November 7, 2000 between Minntech and
Cantel and Minntech must provide to Cantel all information provided to the
offeror on a substantially concurrent basis.
In addition, before Minntech can
enter into discussions with such an offeror, the Minntech board must have
determined in good faith, after consulting with its outside legal counsel and
financial advisor, that the offer is reasonably likely to be more favorable to
Minntech's shareholders than the merger with Cantel and that financing, to the
extent required, is committed or, in the good faith judgment of Minntech's
board, is reasonably capable of being obtained by the offeror.
We sometimes
refer to a third-party acquisition offer that meets this requirement as a
"superior acquisition proposal.
"

    Minntech has also agreed to advise Cantel promptly of any third-party
acquisition offer or any inquiry or request for information that Minntech
reasonably believes could lead to or contemplates a third-party acquisition
offer and the terms and conditions thereof, although Minntech is not required to
disclose the identity of the person making the offer, request or inquiry.

Minntech is required to keep Cantel informed in all material respects of the
status and details of any third-party acquisition offer.

    
Minntech has also agreed not to release any party from, or waive any
provision of, any standstill agreement or any confidentiality agreement between
it and another person who has made, or who is reasonably likely to make, a
third-party acquisition offer, unless its board of directors determines in good
faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the action is
necessary for it to comply with its fiduciary duties under Minnesota law.

Minntech is not required to refuse a request from any person who has signed a
standstill agreement to make a third-party acquisition offer to the Chief
Executive Officer or the board of directors of Minntech if the board of
directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, that the action is necessary for it to comply with its fiduciary duties
under Minnesota law.

    
EMPLOYEE PLANS AND BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS.  
Cantel has agreed that, from the
effective time of the merger through December 31, 2001, the surviving company
will maintain benefits under Minntech's welfare plans and profit sharing and
retirement plan (other than benefits attributable to Minntech's common stock
fund and discretionary company profit sharing contributions) that are, in the
aggregate, for those employees of Minntech who were active full-time employees
immediately before the merger and continue to be so after the merger, no less
favorable than the benefits provided by Minntech immediately before the merger.

Cantel has agreed, for the period from January 1 through December 31, 2002,
either (1) to maintain benefits meeting the standards described in the preceding
sentence or (2) to provide welfare benefits and defined contribution plan
benefits that are, in the aggregate, no less favorable than those provided to
similarly situated employees of Cantel's MediVators subsidiary.
The selection
between clauses (1) and (2) is to be made in the sole discretion of Cantel.

    
Cantel has also agreed that, for purposes of determining eligibility,
vesting, and entitlement to vacation and severance benefits for employees
actively employed full time by Minntech or its subsidiaries before the merger,
all active Minntech employees employed full time by Cantel or its subsidiaries
after the merger will receive credit for all pre-merger service with Minntech or
any subsidiary under any compensation, severance, welfare, pension, benefit, or
savings plan of the surviving company, Cantel, or any of its subsidiaries.

    
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.  
Cantel has agreed that all rights to
indemnification, expense advancements, and exculpation existing in favor of
present or former directors, officers or employees of Minntech or any of its
subsidiaries under the charter, bylaws, or similar organizational documents of
Minntech or any of its subsidiaries or by law as in effect on the date of the
merger agreement will continue in effect for a period of six years after the
effective time of the merger.
Cantel has also agreed, for six years following
the merger, to cause the surviving company to maintain in effect either:

    - the current policy of directors' and officers' liability insurance
      maintained by Minntech with respect to claims arising from facts or events
      that occurred at or before the merger; or

    - a run-off policy or endorsement with respect to the current policy
      maintained by Minntech for claims asserted within six years after the
      merger arising from facts or events that occurred at or before the merger.

    
However, if the amount of the insurance coverage required to maintain the
current Minntech policy exceeds 200% of the amount currently expended by
Minntech for that insurance coverage, Cantel is required to maintain or provide
only the most advantageous policies obtainable for an annual premium equal to no
more than 200% of the amount currently expended by Minntech for that

insurance coverage.
In each case the policy will name as insureds all present
and former directors and officers of Minntech or its subsidiaries.

    
MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS.  
Cantel has agreed to assume and perform, in the same
manner and to the same extent that Minntech would be required to perform if the
merger had not taken place, the obligations of Minntech under specific
management agreements.
We have summarized the material provisions of these
management agreements in the section entitled "The Merger--Interests of
Directors and Executive Officers of Minntech in the Merger--Management
Agreements.
"

    SATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER; NOTIFICATION.  
Each of us has
agreed to use our reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary or
advisable under applicable laws and regulations to complete the merger,
including using reasonable best efforts to cause the conditions precedent set
forth under "--Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" below to be
satisfied.

    
LISTING OF CANTEL COMMON STOCK.  
Cantel is required to prepare and submit a
listing application with respect to the shares of Cantel common stock to be
issued in connection with the merger and to use reasonable best efforts to
obtain approval for the listing of those shares of Cantel common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market System.

    
GOVERNANCE.  
Cantel has agreed that, following the merger, it will nominate
and use its reasonable best efforts to cause the election of Dr. Fred Shapiro as
a member of the board of directors of Cantel.


EXPENSES

    Whether or not the merger is completed, Minntech and Cantel will each pay
its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and
the merger, except:

    - expenses (excluding legal, accounting and other advisors' fees and
      expenses) incurred in connection with the filing and printing of the
      registration statement and the mailing of this joint proxy
      statement/prospectus will be shared equally by Minntech and Cantel; and

    - as otherwise provided by the termination provisions of the merger
      agreement, which are described below.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

    We are required to complete the merger only if the following conditions are
met:

    - the Minntech shareholders have approved the merger agreement and the
      merger and the Cantel stockholders have approved the issuance of Cantel
      common stock in the merger;

    - the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this joint proxy
      statement/prospectus is a part is effective under the Securities Act;

    - the shares of Cantel common stock to be issued in the merger are
      authorized for listing on Nasdaq National Marketing System, subject to
      official notice of issuance;

    - there is no pending litigation or administrative proceeding by any
      governmental, regulatory or administrative entity requesting an
      injunction, writ, order, judgment, or decree that is reasonably likely to
      result in an order that restrains or prohibits the completion of the
      merger or would have a material adverse effect on the combined company if
      the merger is completed; and

    - there is no injunction, writ, order, judgment, or decree directing that
      any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement not be
      completed.

    
The conditions described above may be waived by both Cantel and Minntech
together, to the extent permitted under applicable law.

    
In addition, the obligations of each party to effect the merger is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of the other party contained in the
      merger agreement, being read as though none of them contains any material
      adverse effect or materiality qualifier, are true and correct both as of
      the date of the merger agreement and immediately before the merger as if
      made on the date of the merger except to the extent any inaccuracy in any
      representation or warranty, individually or in the aggregate, has not had
      and is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
      other party;

    - all obligations and agreements required to be performed and complied with
      by the other party on or before the date of the merger have been performed
      and complied with in all material respects; and

    - neither the other party nor any of its subsidiaries having, since the date
      of the merger agreement, suffered any business interruption, damage or
      destruction of its properties, or other event that would be reasonably
      likely to have a material adverse effect on that party and its
      subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

    
These conditions may be waived by either Cantel or Minntech, as applicable.

    
For purposes of the merger agreement, a material adverse effect means, with
respect to Minntech or Cantel, as applicable, a material adverse effect upon the
business, operations, properties, or financial condition of that party and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, or on that party's ability to complete the
merger, other than any such effect resulting from (1) any change, event,
occurrence, or condition generally applicable to the industry in which the party
and its subsidiaries operate, (2) general economic or market conditions, or
(3) the public announcement of the merger agreement.

    
It is also a condition of Cantel's obligation to effect the merger that:

    - no rights have become exercisable under Minntech's rights agreement; and

    - the environmental due diligence condition referred to in the tenth bullet
      point of the section entitled "The Merger--Financing--Conditions Precedent
      to Funding" has either been satisfied or waived by Fleet, or Fleet shall
      not have notified Cantel that it refuses to close the financing under the
      commitment letter.

    
Each of these conditions may be waived by Cantel.


TERMINATION

    We may agree in writing to terminate the merger agreement at any time
without completing the merger, even after the shareholders of both companies
have approved it.
In addition, either of us may terminate the merger agreement
if:

    - the merger has not been completed by November 15, 2001, provided that the
      failure to complete the merger is not due to the terminating party's
      failure to comply in all material respects with its obligations under the
      merger agreement;

    - any of the conditions set forth above in the first paragraph of the
      section entitled "--Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" become
      impossible to fulfill on or before November 15, 2001, provided that the
      condition has not been waived pursuant to the merger agreement and that
      the failure to fulfill the condition is not due to the terminating party's
      failure to comply in all material respects with its obligations under the
      merger agreement;

    - any of the conditions set forth above in the second paragraph of the
      section entitled "--Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" become,
      with respect to the other party,

      impossible to fulfill on or before November 15, 2001, provided that the
      condition has not been waived pursuant to the merger agreement and that
      the failure to fulfill the condition is not due to the terminating party's
      failure to comply in all material respects with its obligations under the
      merger agreement;

    - the shareholders of either party fail to approve the shareholder proposal
      relating to the transaction on which they are voting; or

    - the other company's board of directors withdraws or adversely modifies its
      recommendation that its shareholders vote in favor of the proposal
      required to complete the merger.

    
Cantel may also terminate the merger if any of the conditions set forth
above in the third paragraph of the section entitled "--Conditions to the
Completion of the Merger" become impossible to fulfill on or before
November 15, 2001, provided that the condition has not been waived pursuant to
the merger agreement and that the failure to fulfill the condition is not due to
Cantel's failure to comply in all material respects with its obligations under
the merger agreement.

    
Minntech may terminate the merger agreement if, at any time before the
Minntech special shareholders meeting, the board of directors of Minntech
approves a transaction other than the merger that it determines in good faith,
after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, is
reasonably likely to be more favorable to the Minntech shareholders and for
which financing is committed or reasonably likely to be obtained.
However,
before terminating the agreement:

    - Minntech must have complied with the provisions relating to not soliciting
      alternative proposals to acquire Minntech discussed under "--Additional
      Agreements--No Solicitation" above;

    - the Minntech board of directors must have determined in good faith, after
      consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that
      consideration of the alternative transaction and termination of the merger
      agreement is necessary for the board of directors to comply with its
      fiduciary duties under Minnesota law; and

    - Minntech must have provided Cantel with five business days' prior notice
      of its intention to enter into an alternative transaction, during which
      time Cantel may make any adjustments to the terms and conditions of the
      merger agreement as would enable Minntech to proceed with the merger.

    
The notice of termination will not be effective if Cantel submits to
Minntech, within this five-day period, a legally binding offer to enter an
amendment to the merger agreement within the five-day period unless the Minntech
board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its
advisors, that Cantel's proposed amendment is not as favorable to Minntech's
shareholders as the alternative transaction.

    
Minntech may also terminate the merger agreement if the average trading
price of Cantel common stock during the period of seven consecutive trading days
ending on the sixth trading day before the date of the Minntech shareholders
meeting is less than $13.24.
However,

    - Minntech must give Cantel written notice of its intention to terminate
      within two business days after the end of the measurement period; and

    - within the earlier of (1) three business days following Cantel's receipt
      of Minntech's notice of termination and (2) 5:00 p.m. on the day
      immediately preceding the Minntech shareholders meeting, Cantel will have
      the option of providing written notice to Minntech that it will
      irrevocably increase the merger consideration to ensure that Minntech
      shareholders receive $10.00 in value, based on the Cantel average trading
      price during the measurement period, by adding to the merger consideration
      an amount--in cash or Cantel common stock, or a combination of both--equal
      to the excess of $10.00 over the merger consideration payable

      without such increase.
If Cantel elects to adjust the merger consideration
      as described in this paragraph, then the merger agreement will not
      terminate.

    
TERMINATION FEE AND EXPENSES.  
Minntech has agreed that it will pay Cantel a
$2.25 million termination fee and reimburse up to $750,000 of Cantel's
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement if:

    - Cantel terminates the agreement as a result of the Minntech board of
      directors having withdrawn or adversely modified its recommendation of
      approval of the merger agreement and the merger;

    - Minntech terminates the merger agreement in order to enter into an
      alternative transaction under the circumstances described in the third
      paragraph under "--Termination" above; or

    - if the following conditions occur:

       - an alternative transaction is proposed to Minntech and becomes publicly
         known,

       - either party terminates the merger agreement as a result of the merger
         not having been completed by November 15, 2001, conditions to the
         consummation of the merger becoming impossible to fulfill on or before
         November 15, 2001, or the shareholders of Minntech having failed to
         approve the merger agreement and the merger; and

       - within 12 months after termination, Minntech completes or enters into
         an agreement with respect to a third-party acquisition.

    
A third-party acquisition is defined in the merger agreement as:

       - a transaction in which any third party acquires at least 40% of the
         outstanding shares of Minntech common stock, either by tender offer,
         exchange offer, or otherwise;

       - a merger or other business combination in which shareholders other than
         shareholders of Minntech own at least 40% of the surviving entity
         immediately after the merger; or

       - any transaction in which a third party acquires assets of Minntech
         having a fair market value equal to at least 40% of all of the assets
         of Minntech and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.


AMENDMENTS

    We may amend the merger agreement at any time before the merger.
However,
after the Minntech special shareholders meeting, the amount and form of
consideration to be received by Minntech shareholders may not be decreased or
altered from that provided in the merger agreement without the approval of the
Minntech shareholders.

                              
THE VOTING AGREEMENT

GENERAL

    THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE VOTING
AGREEMENT.
THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE VOTING AGREEMENT IS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE AND ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS.
WE
ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THE VOTING AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.


VOTING AGREEMENT

    
As an inducement to Minntech to enter into the merger agreement, nine Cantel
stockholders, including four directors and officers of Cantel, have entered into
a voting agreement with Minntech under which they have agreed to vote all of the
shares of Cantel common stock owned by them in favor of the issuance of Cantel
common stock in connection with the merger.
These Cantel stockholders own a
total of 1,686,405 shares of Cantel common stock, representing approximately
37.6% of the Cantel common stock outstanding as of       , 2001.

    
The nine Cantel stockholders party to the voting agreement are Charles M.
Diker, Chairman of the Board of Cantel; Alan J. Hirschfield, Vice Chairman of
the Board of Cantel; James P. Reilly, President and CEO and a director of
Cantel; Bruce Slovin, a director of Cantel; Valerie T. Diker, the spouse of
Charles M. Diker; Ann M. Reilly, the spouse of James P. Reilly; and Trusts for
Patricia Helen Diker, Mark Norman Diker, and Bruce Daniel Diker, the children of
Charles M. and Valerie T. Diker.

    
Each of these Cantel stockholders has agreed that, during the term of the
voting agreement, at each meeting of Cantel's stockholders convened to consider
and vote upon the issuance of Cantel common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement, the stockholder will vote, to the extent not voted by the person or
persons appointed under the proxy granted pursuant to the voting agreement, all
shares of Cantel common stock owned of record by such stockholder at the record
date in favor of the issuance of Cantel common stock to the stockholders of
Minntech pursuant to the merger agreement.
These Cantel stockholders have also
agreed not to transfer or encumber any of the Cantel shares owned by them unless
they give Minntech prior written notice and the intended transferee agrees in
writing to be bound by the voting agreement.

    
Pursuant to the voting agreement, each of these Cantel stockholders granted
an irrevocable proxy, dated as of May 30, 2001, to William Hope, Chairman of
Minntech, and Barbara A. Wrigley, Executive Vice President of Minntech, to vote,
at any time before the termination of the voting agreement, all shares of Cantel
common stock owned by the stockholder in accordance with the voting agreement.

                   
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    
The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial
information gives effect to the merger using the purchase method of accounting.

This presentation assumes the issuance of approximately 1,863,000 shares of
Cantel common stock in connection with the merger.
The Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income are prepared as if we completed the
merger on the first day of the year ended July 31, 2000, the earliest period
presented, and the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet was
prepared as if we completed the merger on April 30, 2001.

    
The accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements explain the assumptions and adjustments used in preparing
the financial information, and do not reflect cost savings from operating
efficiencies or other improvements we may achieve by combining our companies.

    
Cantel and Minntech are providing this financial information for
illustration purposes only.
It does not necessarily indicate what the operating
results and financial position of the combined company might have been had the
merger been completed at the beginning of the earliest period presented, nor
does it necessarily indicate what the combined company's operating results and
financial position will be following the merger.

    
The accompanying unaudited pro forma financial information should be read in
conjunction with:

    - the audited consolidated financial statements and other financial
      information included in Cantel's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
      year ended July 31, 2000, including the notes to those financial
      statements;

    - the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Cantel's
      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2001,
      including the notes to those financial statements; and

    - the audited consolidated financial statements and other financial
      information included in Minntech's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
      fiscal year ended March 31, 2001, including the notes to those financial
      statements.

    
See "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page       .

                              
CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.

            UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                 APRIL 30, 2001

                                                                       PRO FORMA
                                                                      ADJUSTMENTS
                                                   HISTORICAL        GIVING EFFECT
                                               -------------------      TO THE              PRO FORMA
                                                CANTEL    MINNTECH      MERGER           CONSOLIDATED (L)
                                               --------   --------   -------------       ----------------
                                                                 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

                                                 ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents..................  $ 3,817    $15,344       $ (6,880)(C)         $ 12,281
  Available-for-sale securities                    897         --           (897)(D)               --
  Accounts receivable, net...................    8,922     13,333             --               22,255
  Inventories................................    8,769     11,246            900 (D)           20,915
  Prepaid expenses and other current
    assets...................................      559      3,131             --                3,690
                                               -------    -------       --------             --------
Total current assets.........................   
22,964     43,054         (6,877)              59,141
Property and equipment, net..................      
911     17,410          4,000 (D)           22,321
Intangible assets............................      643        430          6,070 (D)            7,143
Goodwill.....................................      593        390         14,343 (D)           15,326
Other assets.................................    2,095      1,728             -- (D)            3,823
                                               -------    -------       --------             --------
                                               $27,206    $63,012       $ 17,536             $107,754
                                               =======    =======       ========             ========

                                  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Current portion of long-term debt..........  
$    --    $    --       $  2,000 (B)         $  2,000
  Accounts payable...........................    2,889      3,717             --                6,606
  Accrued expenses...........................    2,826      4,808          7,600 (D)           15,234
  Income taxes...............................    1,317        271             --                1,588
                                               -------    -------       --------             
--------
Total current liabilities....................    7,032      8,796          9,600               25,428
Long-term debt...............................       --         --         32,808 (B)           32,808
Other long-term liabilities..................       94        795            600 (D)            1,489
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred Stock............................       --         --             --                   --
  Common Stock...............................      466        334           (148)(A)(D)           652
  Additional capital.........................   19,887     12,084         15,679 (A)(D)        47,650
  Retained earnings..........................    3,099     42,361        (42,361)(D)            3,099
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss.......   (2,352)    (1,358)         1,358 (D)           (2,352)
  Treasury Stock, at cost....................   (1,020)                                        (1,020)
                                               -------    
-------       --------             --------
Total stockholders' equity...................   20,080     53,421        (25,472)              48,029
                                               -------    -------       --------             --------
                                               $27,206    $63,012       $ 17,536             $107,754
                                               =======    =======       ========             ========

 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial
                                  Statements.

                              
CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2000

                                                                           PRO FORMA
                                                                          ADJUSTMENTS
                                                     HISTORICAL          GIVING EFFECT
                                               -----------------------      TO THE          PRO FORMA
                                               CANTEL(J)   MINNTECH(K)     MERGER(E)     CONSOLIDATED(M)
                                               ---------   
-----------   -------------   ---------------
                                                     (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


Net sales....................................   $40,988      $75,256       $      --        $116,244
Cost of sales................................    24,747       45,468             900 (F)      71,115
                                                -------      -------       ---------        
--------
Gross profit.................................    16,241       29,788            (900)         45,129
Operating expenses:
  Selling....................................     5,721        9,208              --          14,929
  General and administrative.................     
4,543       10,037           1,027 (G)      15,607
  Research and development...................       836        4,277              --           5,113
                                                -------      -------       ---------        
--------
Total operating expenses.....................    11,100       23,522           1,027          35,649
                                                -------      -------       ---------        
--------

Income from continuing operations before
  interest, other income and income taxes....     5,141        6,266          (1,927)          9,480

Interest expense (income), net...............       225         (423)          4,090 (H)       3,892
Other income.................................        --         (271)             --            (271)
                                                -------      
-------       ---------        
--------

Income from continuing operations before
  income taxes...............................     4,916        6,960          (6,017)          5,859
Income taxes.................................     2,085        2,247          (2,125)(I)       2,207
                                                -------      -------       ---------        
--------
Income from continuing operations............   $ 2,831      $ 4,713       $  (3,892)       $  3,652
                                                =======      =======       =========        ========

Earnings from continuing operations per
  common share:
  Basic......................................   $  0.64                                     $   0.58 (O)
                                                =======                                     ========
  Diluted....................................   $  0.63                                     $   0.58 (O)
                                                =======                                     ========
Weighted average common shares:
  Basic......................................     4,412                        1,863 (A)       6,275
  Diluted....................................     4,479                        1,863 (A)       6,342

 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial
                                  Statements.

                              
CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                    FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2001

                                                                         PRO FORMA
                                                                        ADJUSTMENTS
                                                     HISTORICAL        GIVING EFFECT
                                                --------------------      TO THE                PRO FORMA
                                                CANTEL(J)   MINNTECH     MERGER(E)           CONSOLIDATED(L)
                                                ---------   
--------   -------------         
---------------
                                                       (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


Net sales.....................................   $34,119    $58,980       $    --                $93,099
Cost of sales.................................    20,147     37,693            --                 57,840
                                                 -------    -------       -------                
-------
Gross profit..................................    
13,972     21,287            --                 35,259
Operating expenses:
  Selling.....................................     
4,587      6,960            --                 11,547
  General and administrative..................     3,948      8,969           868 (G)             13,785
  Research and development....................       
703      2,651            --                  3,354
                                                 -------    
-------       -------                
-------
Total operating expenses......................     
9,238     18,580           868                 28,686
                                                 -------    -------       -------                -------

Income from continuing operations before
  interest, other income and income taxes          4,734      2,707          (868)                 6,573

Interest expense (income), net................        (7)      (741)        2,890 (H)              2,142
Other (income) expense........................        (7)        52            --                     45
                                                 -------    
-------       -------                
-------

Income from continuing operations before
  income taxes................................     4,748      3,396        (3,758)                 4,386
Income taxes..................................     1,970      1,058        (1,347)(I)              1,681
                                                 -------    -------       -------                -------

Income from continuing operations.............   $ 2,778    $ 2,338       $(2,411)               $ 2,705(O)
                                                 =======    =======       =======                =======

Earnings from continuing operations per common
  share:
    Basic.....................................   $  0.62                                         $  0.43(N)(O)
                                                 =======
    Diluted...................................   $  0.58                                         $  0.41(N)(O)
                                                 =======
Weighted average common shares:
    Basic.....................................     4,451                    1,863 (A)              6,314
    Diluted...................................     4,802                    1,863 (A)              6,665

 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial
                                  Statements.

                              
CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                    FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2000

                                                                          PRO FORMA
                                                                         ADJUSTMENTS
                                                     HISTORICAL         GIVING EFFECT
                                               ----------------------      TO THE          PRO FORMA
                                               CANTEL(J)    MINNTECH      MERGER(E)     CONSOLIDATED(L)
                                               ---------   
----------   -------------   ---------------
                                                    (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


Net sales....................................   $28,977     $57,651       $                $ 86,628
Cost of sales................................    17,705      33,846             900 (F)      52,451
                                                -------     -------       ---------        
--------
Gross profit.................................    11,272      23,805            (900)         34,177

Operating expenses:
  Selling....................................     4,109       6,750              --          10,859
  General and administrative.................     3,308       7,281             710 (G)      11,299
  Research and development...................       
554       3,263              --           3,817
                                                -------     
-------       ---------        
--------
Total operating expenses.....................     7,971      17,294             710          25,975
                                                -------     
-------       ---------        
--------

Income from continuing operations before
  interest,
  other income and income taxes..............     3,301       6,511          (1,610)          8,202

Interest expense (income), net...............       194        (315)          3,211 (H)       3,090
Other income.................................        --        (223)             --            (223)
                                                -------     
-------       ---------        
--------

Income from continuing operations before
  income
  taxes......................................     3,107       7,049          (4,821)          5,335
Income taxes.................................     1,420       2,276          (1,698)(I)       1,998
                                                -------     -------       ---------        
--------
Income from continuing operations............   $ 1,687     $ 4,773       $  (3,123)       $  3,337
                                                =======     =======       =========        ========

Earnings from continuing operations per
  common share:..............................
  Basic......................................   $  0.38                                    $   0.53 (O)
                                                =======                                    ========
  Diluted....................................   $  0.38                                    $   0.53 (O)
                                                =======                                    ========
Weighted average common shares:
  Basic......................................     4,411                       1,863 (A)       6,274
  Diluted....................................     4,474                       1,863 (A)       
6,337

 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial
                                  Statements.

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    (A)
To reflect 1,863,063 shares of Cantel common stock issued to Minntech
       shareholders.
For purposes of determining the number of new shares of
       Cantel common stock issued by Cantel in the merger, we assumed an
       exchange ratio of .2833 shares of Cantel common stock for each
       outstanding share of Minntech common stock, resulting in 1,863,063 shares
       being issued.
This is the maximum number of shares that will be issued in
       the merger, assuming no options to purchase Minntech common stock are
       exercised between the date of this joint proxy/ registration statement
       and the closing of the merger.
If Cantel issued the minimum number of
       shares, or 967,372, the exchange ratio would be .1471 shares of Cantel
       common stock for each outstanding share of Minntech common stock.

    
(B)
To record the bank financed portion of the $6.25 per-share cash
       consideration given to Minntech shareholders for each outstanding share
       of Minntech common stock.
The portion of the debt anticipated to comprise
       a term loan due within one year of the effective date of the merger has
       been classified as a current liability.

    
(C) To reflect the use of existing cash to fund a portion of the cash
       consideration given to Minntech shareholders as well as the cash-out of
       in-the-money stock options held by Minntech option holders as required by
       the merger agreement.

    
(D) To reflect the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the net
       assets of Minntech acquired in the transaction based upon the estimated
       fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the
       liabilities assumed, and to further record the remaining excess purchase
       price as goodwill.
The purchase accounting adjustments made in connection
       with the development of the unaudited pro forma financial information are
       preliminary and have been estimated solely for purposes of developing the
       unaudited pro forma financial information.
Further, with respect to
       certain state sales and use tax exposures for which Minntech has recorded
       an estimated liability of $2,021,000 at March 31, 2001, Cantel will
       evaluate this contingency after the closing of the merger, and reflect
       any change to the liability balance as an adjustment of the preliminary
       purchase price allocation.
Cantel has undertaken a study to determine the
       value of Minntech's net assets and will make appropriate adjustments to
       the preliminary purchase price allocation upon completion of the study.
       
For purposes of these pro forma financial statements, the purchase price
       of $78,134,000 (including cash of $41,688,000, Cantel common stock of
       $27,949,000, Cantel's existing investment in Minntech of $897,000, and
       transaction costs, including severance obligations, of $7,600,000) and
       its preliminary allocation are as follows:

Cash and cash equivalents...................................  $15,344,000
Accounts receivable, net....................................   13,333,000
Inventories.................................................   12,146,000
Prepaids and other current assets...........................    
3,131,000
Property and equipment, net.................................   21,410,000
Intangible assets...........................................    
6,500,000
Other assets................................................    1,728,000
Accounts payable............................................   (3,717,000)
Other accrued expenses......................................   (4,808,000)
Income taxes................................................     (271,000)
Other liabilities...........................................   (1,395,000)
                                                              -----------
  Total allocated purchase price............................   63,401,000
  Total purchase price......................................   78,134,000
                                                              -----------
Excess purchase price assigned to goodwill..................  $14,733,000
                                                              ===========

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
                 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

        The principal purchase accounting adjustments to the historical Minntech
        net assets include: (i) increases to the carrying value of inventories
        of $900,000 and fixed assets of $4,000,000 and (ii) an allocation of
        $6,500,000 for intangible assets for customer lists and proprietary
        technology.
Additionally, a net deferred tax liability of $600,000 has
        been recorded, reflecting a $4,600,000 liability for the difference in
        the financial and tax bases of the increases in carrying values of
        Minntech's inventories and fixed assets and the amounts allocated to
        intangible assets, partially offset by the reduction of $4,000,000 of
        Cantel's valuation allowance for net operating loss carryforwards, based
        upon an assessment of the combined company's expected future results of
        operations.
In connection with this purchase accounting, all existing
        Minntech stockholders' equity has been eliminated and Cantel's existing
        investment in Minntech (included in Cantel's available-for-sale
        securities) has been eliminated.

    
(E) The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income do
       not include the anticipated direct costs associated with the merger.

    
(F) To reflect the increase in cost of sales related to the step-up in the
       cost basis of Minntech's inventories.

    
(G) To reflect amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of fixed
       assets based upon preliminary estimates of the fair values of such assets
       using estimated useful lives of seven years for all such assets.
The
       merger will close after July 1, 2001.
Therefore, in accordance with the
       provisions of the current exposure draft, Business Combinations and
       Intangible Assets--Accounting for Goodwill, no amortization expense for
       the goodwill generated as a result of the merger has been reflected in
       the accompanying unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income
       for any of the periods presented.
For information purposes, pro forma
       goodwill amortization expense for the year ended July 31, 2000 would have
       been $737,000, using an estimated useful life of 20 years ($552,000 for
       each of the nine-month periods ended April 30, 2001 and 2000).

    
(H)
To reflect interest expense on the bank financed portion of the cash
       consideration paid in the merger at an effective interest rate of 9% per
       annum.

    
(I)
To record the income tax effects of the pro forma income statement
       adjustments.

    
(J) Excluded from the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statement
       of Income were the results of Cantel's Consumer Products business which
       is treated as a discontinued operation.
Cantel reported a loss from the
       discontinued business of $147,000 for fiscal year 2000, income from the
       discontinued business of $225,000 for the nine months ended April 30,
       2001 and a loss from the discontinued business of $33,000 for the nine
       months ended April 30, 2000.

    
(K) Excluded from the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statement
       of Income for fiscal 2000 was the cumulative loss effect of an accounting
       change of $136,000 related to changes in certain revenue recognition
       policies of Minntech.

    
(L)
In order to effect the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
       Balance Sheet as of April 30, 2001, (Cantel quarter-end), the balance
       sheet of Cantel as of April 30, 2001 was consolidated with the balance
       sheet of Minntech as of March 31, 2001.
In order to effect the Unaudited
       Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the nine month
       periods ended April 30, 2001 and 2000 (Cantel quarter-end), the operating
       results of Cantel for the nine months ended April 30, 2001 and 2000 were
       consolidated with the operating results of Minntech for the nine months
       ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

                     
NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
                 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    (M)
In order to effect the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
       Statement of Income for the year ended July 31, 2000 (Cantel year-end),
       the operating results for Cantel for the twelve months ended July 31,
       2000 were consolidated with the operating results for Minntech for the
       twelve months ended June 30, 2000.

    (N) Minntech's results of operations for the nine months ended April 30,
       2001 included charges of approximately $1,540,000 for sales and use taxes
       and $300,000 in legal and consulting expenses associated with the merger.
       
These charges, which aggregate approximately $1,840,000, are included
       within general and administrative expenses.
Without these charges and the
       related income taxes, pro forma consolidated income from continuing
       operations for the nine months ended April 30, 2001 would have been
       approximately $3,800,000, and pro forma consolidated basic and diluted
       earnings per share would have been $0.60 and $0.57, respectively.

    
(O)
If the minimum number of shares of Cantel stock were issued in the
       merger--that is, 967,732 shares--pro forma consolidated basic and diluted
       earnings per share would have been $0.68 and $0.67, respectively, for
       fiscal 2000 and $0.62 and $0.61, respectively, for the nine months ended
       April 30, 2000.
For the nine months ended April 30, 2001, if the minimum
       number of shares of Cantel stock were issued in the merger and the
       charges for Minntech described in footnote (N) above were excluded, pro
       forma consolidated basic and diluted earnings per share would have been
       $0.70 and $0.66, respectively.

          
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

    
Cantel common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System under the
symbol "CNTL."
Minntech common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market
System under the symbol "MNTX.
"

    The table below sets forth, for the calendar periods indicated, the high and
low sale prices of Minntech common stock and Cantel common stock as reported on
the Nasdaq National Market System, in each case based on published financial
sources.
Minntech paid an annual cash dividend of $.10 per share on its common
stock in the 1999 and 2000 calendar years.
Cantel does not pay dividends on its
common stock.

                                                  
CANTEL COMMON STOCK   MINNTECH COMMON STOCK
                                                  -------------------   ---------------------
                                                    HIGH       LOW        HIGH         LOW
                                                  --------   
--------   ---------   
---------

1999:

First Quarter...................................   $ 7.25     $ 5.50     $15.75      $10.13
Second Quarter..................................   $ 6.63     $ 5.00     $16.94      $10.75
Third Quarter...................................   $ 6.00     $ 3.63     $14.94      $ 9.38
Fourth Quarter..................................   $ 5.38     $ 4.00     $11.00      $ 8.50

2000:
First Quarter...................................   $ 6.88     $ 4.63     $10.63      $ 6.63
Second Quarter..................................   $ 7.00     $ 5.13     $ 8.50      $ 6.00
Third Quarter...................................   $10.06     $ 6.00     $ 8.25      $ 5.56
Fourth Quarter..................................   $11.25     $ 7.50     $ 7.44      $ 5.63

2001:
First Quarter...................................   $19.94     $10.50     $ 8.75      $ 6.19
Second Quarter..................................   $30.00     $13.25     $10.13      $ 8.38
Third Quarter (through     , 2001)..............

    
On May 17, 2001, the last trading day before Minntech publicly announced
that it was in merger negotiations and that a price of $10.50 was being
discussed, the closing prices of Cantel common stock and of Minntech common
stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market System were $24.00 and $8.55 per
share, respectively.
On May 30, 2001, the last trading day before the public
announcement of the execution of the merger agreement, the closing prices of
Cantel common stock and of Minntech common stock as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market System were $23.00 and $8.59 per share, respectively.
On
            , 2001, the last trading date before the printing of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, the closing prices of Cantel common stock and of
Minntech common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market System were
$      and $      per share, respectively.
Shareholders should obtain current
market quotations before making any decision with respect to the merger.


POST-MERGER DIVIDEND POLICY

    Cantel has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock and
does not anticipate declaring or paying dividends on its common stock in the
foreseeable future.

                                 
THE COMPANIES

CANTEL

    This joint proxy statement/prospectus is accompanied by a copy of Cantel's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2000 and a copy of
Cantel's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2001,
both of which are attached hereto as Annex G and Annex H, respectively.
Such
documents contain detailed financial and other information about Cantel and are
hereby incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

    
Cantel is a healthcare company concentrating primarily in infection
prevention and control products and diagnostic and therapeutic medical and
scientific equipment.
Through its wholly owned United States subsidiary,
MediVators, Inc., Cantel serves customers worldwide by designing, developing,
manufacturing, marketing and distributing innovative products for the infection
prevention and control industry.
Through Cantel's wholly owned Canadian
subsidiary, the Carsen Group, Inc., Cantel markets and distributes medical
equipment, including flexible and rigid endoscopes, precision instruments,
including microscopes and high performance image analysis hardware and software,
and industrial equipment, including remote visual inspection devices.
Cantel's
subsidiaries also provide technical maintenance service for their own products,
as well as for certain competitors' products.

    
The medical and infection control products distributed by Carsen Group
consist of medical equipment, including flexible and rigid endoscopes, endoscope
disinfection equipment, surgical equipment and related accessories.
The
infection control products manufactured and distributed by MediVators consist of
endoscope disinfection equipment and related accessories and supplies.
The
scientific products distributed by Carsen Group consist of precision
instruments, including microscopes and related accessories, certain laboratory
equipment and related accessories and image analysis software and hardware; and
industrial technology equipment, including borescopes, fiberscopes, video image
scopes and related accessories.


MINNTECH

    This joint proxy statement/prospectus is accompanied by a copy of Minntech's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001, which is
attached hereto as Annex I.
That report contains detailed financial and other
information about Minntech and is incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

    
Minntech is a provider of products and services for the dialysis, medical
device reprocessing, and filtration and separation markets.
Its product
portfolio and business strategies focus on the strengths of its advanced
proprietary technologies in hollow fibers, automated disinfection and
sterilization systems, and sterilants.
Minntech's products are used in kidney
dialysis, open-heart surgery, endoscopy, and in the preparation of pure water
for medical, industrial, and laboratory uses.
Minntech's principal products
include the Renatron-Registered Trademark- II Automated Dialyzer Reprocessing
System, the Renalog-Registered Trademark- II Data Management System, and
Renalin-Registered Trademark- Cold Sterilant.
The company was founded in 1974,
has been publicly held since 1983, and employs approximately 400 people.

                      
DESCRIPTION OF CANTEL CAPITAL STOCK

    Cantel is authorized to issue 12,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$.10 per share and 1,000,0000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per
share.
As of       , 2001,             shares of Cantel common stock and no
shares of Cantel preferred stock were outstanding.


COMMON STOCK

    The holders of Cantel common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result
that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voting on the election of
directors can elect all of the directors.
The holders of Cantel common stock are
entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of legally available funds.
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Cantel, the holders of Cantel common stock are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment
of liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if
any, having preference over the Cantel common stock.
Holders of shares of Cantel
common stock, as such, have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription
rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the Cantel common
stock.
All of the outstanding shares of Cantel common stock are fully paid and
nonassessable.


PREFERRED STOCK

    Cantel is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$1.00 per share, with those designations, rights and preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the board of directors.
Accordingly, the board
of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of
preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights
which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of
Cantel common stock.
In the event of issuance, the shares of preferred stock
could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control of Cantel.
Cantel has no present
intention to issue any shares of its preferred stock.

                               DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

CANTEL STOCKHOLDERS

    Under Delaware law, Cantel's stockholders will not have any appraisal or
dissenters' rights in connection with the merger.


MINNTECH SHAREHOLDERS

    
If the merger is completed, holders of Minntech common stock on
            , 2001 who did not vote in favor of the merger agreement will have
the right to dissent from the merger and to obtain payment for the "fair value"
of their Minntech shares, plus interest, in accordance with Sections 302A.471
and 302A.473 of the Minnesota Business Corporation Act.
The term "fair value"
means the value of the shares of common stock immediately before the effective
time of the merger and the term "interest" means interest commencing five days
after the effective time of the merger up to and including the date of payment
at the rate provided by Minnesota law for interest on verdicts and judgments,
currently six percent per year.

    
ANY MINNTECH SHAREHOLDER CONTEMPLATING THE EXERCISE OF DISSENTERS' RIGHTS IS
URGED TO REVIEW CAREFULLY THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 302A.471 AND 302A.473 OF
THE MINNESOTA BUSINESS CORPORATION ACT, PARTICULARLY WITH RESPECT TO THE
PROCEDURAL STEPS REQUIRED TO PERFECT DISSENTERS RIGHTS.
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH
THE STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS WILL RESULT IN THE LOSS OF THE SHAREHOLDER'S
DISSENTERS' RIGHTS.
THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE
DISSENTERS' RIGHTS STATUTE, BUT IT IS NOT A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE RELEVANT
PROVISIONS OF MINNESOTA LAW.
THIS SUMMARY SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE
FULL TEXT OF SECTIONS 302A.471 AND 302A.473, WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT AS ANNEX F, AND ANY AMENDMENTS TO THOSE SECTIONS AS MAY BE ADOPTED
AFTER THE DATE OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

    
FILING WRITTEN OBJECTION

    Shareholders of record who desire to exercise their dissenters' rights must
satisfy all of the following conditions.
A written notice of intent to demand
fair value for shares must be delivered to the executive offices of Minntech
before the taking of the shareholder vote to approve the merger agreement and
the merger at the special meeting to be held on , 2001.
This written demand must
be in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote against approval of the
merger proposal.
Voting against, abstaining from voting, or failing to vote to
approve the merger proposal does not constitute a demand for fair value of the
shares within the meaning of the MBCA.

    
The written demand should be delivered to the Corporate Secretary of
Minntech at 14605 28th Avenue North, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55447.
The written
demand should specify the shareholder's name and mailing address, the number of
shares owned, and that the shareholder intends to demand the "fair value," plus
interest, of his or her shares.

    
NO VOTING IN FAVOR OF THE MERGER

    Shareholders electing to exercise their dissenters' rights under the MBCA
must not vote for approval of the merger proposal.
A shareholder's failure to
vote against approval of the merger proposal will not constitute a waiver of
dissenters' rights.
However, if a shareholder returns a signed proxy but does
not specify a vote against approval of the merger proposal or direction to
abstain, the proxy will be voted for approval of the merger agreement and the
merger, and the shareholder's dissenters' rights will be waived.

    
A shareholder may not assert dissenters' rights as to less than all of the
shares registered in his or her name except where certain shares are
beneficially owned by another person but registered in such holder's name.
If a
record owner, such as a broker, nominee, trustee, or custodian, wishes to
dissent with respect to shares beneficially owned by another person, the
shareholder must dissent with respect

to all of such shares and must disclose the name and address of the beneficial
owner on whose behalf the dissent is made.
A beneficial owner of shares of
Minntech common stock who is not the record owner of those shares may assert
dissenters' rights as to shares held on his or her behalf, provided that the
beneficial owner submits a written consent of the record owner to Minntech at or
before the time such rights are asserted.

    
NOTICE BY MINNTECH

    After approval of the merger agreement and the merger by Minntech
shareholders at the special meeting, Minntech will send a written notice to each
shareholder who filed a written demand for dissenters' rights.
The notice will
contain:

    - the address to which the shareholder must send a demand for payment and
      the stock certificates in order to obtain payment;

    - the date by which they must be received;

    - any restrictions on transfer of uncertificated shares that will apply
      after the demand for payment is received;

    - a form to certify the date on which such shareholder, or the beneficial
      owner on whose behalf the shareholder dissents, acquired the shares, or an
      interest in them, and to demand payment; and

    - a copy of Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA and a brief
      description of the procedures to be followed under those sections.

    
REMITTANCE OF CERTIFICATES

    In order to receive the fair value for his or her shares under MBCA
Section 302A.473, a dissenting shareholder must, within 30 days after the date
Minntech gives the notice described in the preceding paragraph, demand payment
and deposit his or her stock certificates at the address specified in the
notice.
Under Minnesota law, notice by mail is given by Minntech when deposited
in the United States mail.
A dissenting shareholder will retain all rights as a
shareholder until the effective time of the merger.
After a valid demand for
payment and the related stock certificates are timely received, or after the
completion of the merger, whichever is later, Minntech will remit to each
dissenting shareholder who has complied with the statutory requirements the
amount that Minntech estimates to be the fair value of the dissenting
shareholder's shares, with interest commencing five days after the effective
time of the merger at a rate prescribed by statute, currently six percent per
year.
MINNTECH HAS NO PRESENT INTENTION OF OFFERING TO PAY MORE THAN $10.50 PER
SHARE AS ITS ESTIMATE OF FAIR VALUE; MINNTECH MAY OFFER LESS THAN THAT AMOUNT.

Minntech will also send its closing balance sheet and statement of income for a
fiscal year ending not more than 16 months before the effective time of the
merger, together with the following:

    - its latest available interim financial statements;

    - an estimate of the fair value of the shareholder's shares and a brief
      description of the method used to reach the estimate;

    - a brief description of the procedure to be followed if the dissenting
      shareholder decides to make a demand for a supplemental payment; and

    - a copy of Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA.

    
As described below, Minntech is not required at that time to send its
estimated payment to any person who was not a shareholder, and who is not
dissenting on behalf of a person who was the beneficial owner of shares of
common stock, of Minntech on May 31, 2001.
If, however, the merger is

not completed or Minntech disputes a shareholder's right to dissent, Minntech
will not send to the shareholder the fair value of such shareholder's share or
the additional information listed above.

    
ACCEPTANCE OR SETTLEMENT OF DEMAND

    If a dissenting shareholder believes that the amount remitted by Minntech is
less than the fair value of the holder's shares, plus interest, if any, the
shareholder must give written notice to Minntech of such holder's own estimate
of the fair value of the shares, plus interest, if any, within 30 days after the
mailing date of the remittance and demand payment of the difference.
The notice
must be given at the executive offices of Minntech at the address set forth
above.
A shareholder who fails to give written notice within this time period is
entitled only to the amount remitted by Minntech.

    
Within 60 days after receipt of a demand for supplemental payment, Minntech
must either (1) pay the shareholder the amount demanded or agreed to by the
shareholder after discussion with Minntech, or (2) petition a court in Hennepin
County, Minnesota for the determination of the fair value of the shares, plus
interest, if any.
Upon payment of the agreed value, the dissenting shareholder
will cease to have any interest in Minntech.

    
COURT DETERMINATION

    
If, within the 60 days after the receipt of demand for supplemental payment,
any one or more of the dissenting shareholders and Minntech do not agree on the
fair value of the shares, then Minntech must file a petition with the court to
obtain a judicial finding and determination of the fair value of the dissenting
shareholder's shares of Minntech common stock.
The petition must name as parties
all shareholders who have demanded supplemental payment and have not reached an
agreement with Minntech.

    
The court, after determining that the shareholder or shareholders in
question have complied with all statutory requirements, may use any valuation
method or combination of methods it deems appropriate to use, whether or not
used by Minntech or a dissenting shareholder, and may appoint appraisers to
recommend the amount of the fair value of the shares.
The court's determination
will be binding on all shareholders of Minntech who properly exercised
dissenters' rights and did not agree with Minntech as to the fair value of the
shares and may be less than, equal to or more than the merger consideration.

Dissenting shareholders are entitled to judgment in cash for the amount by which
the court-determined fair value per share, plus interest, exceeds the amount per
share, plus interest, remitted to the shareholders by Minntech.
The shareholders
shall not be liable to Minntech for any amounts paid by Minntech which exceed
the fair value of the shares as determined by the court, plus interest.

    
The costs and expenses of such a proceeding, including the expenses and
compensation of any appraisers, will be determined by the court and assessed
against Minntech, except that the court may, in its discretion, assess part or
all of those costs and expenses against any shareholder whose action in
demanding supplemental payment is found to be arbitrary, vexatious, or not in
good faith.
The court may award fees and expenses to an attorney for the
dissenting shareholders out of the amount, if any, awarded to such shareholders.

The court may assess fees and expenses of experts or attorneys against any
person who acted arbitrarily, vexatiously, or not in good faith in bringing the
proceeding and also may award fees and expenses of experts or attorneys against
Minntech if Minntech fails to comply substantially with Section 302A.473 of the
MBCA.

    
Minntech may withhold the remittance of the estimated fair value, plus
interest, for any shares owned by any person who was not a shareholder or who is
dissenting on behalf of a person who was not a beneficial owner on May 31, 2001,
the date on which the proposed merger was first announced to the public.

Minntech will forward to any dissenting shareholder who was not a shareholder on
May 31, 2001 but who has complied with all requirements in exercising
dissenters' rights the notice and all other materials sent after shareholder
approval of the merger agreement to all shareholders who have

properly exercised dissenters' rights, together with a statement of the reason
for withholding the remittance and an offer to pay the dissenting shareholder
the amount listed in the materials if the shareholder agrees to accept that
amount in full satisfaction.
The shareholder may decline this offer and demand
payment by following the same procedure as that described for demand of
supplemental payment by shareholders who owned their shares as of May 31, 2001.

Any shareholder who did not own shares on May 31, 2001 and who fails properly to
demand payment will be entitled only to the amount offered by Minntech.
Upon
proper demand by any shareholder, rules and procedures applicable in connection
with receipt by Minntech of the demand for supplemental payment given by a
dissenting shareholder who owned shares on May 31, 2001 will also apply to any
shareholder properly giving a demand but who did not own shares of record or
beneficially on May 31, 2001, except that any such shareholder is not entitled
to receive any remittance from Minntech until the fair value of the shares, plus
interest, has been determined pursuant to such rules and procedures.

    
Shareholders considering exercising dissenters' rights should bear in mind
that the fair value of their shares determined under Sections 302A.471 and
302A.473 of the MBCA could be more than, the same as, or less than the
consideration they would receive under the merger agreement if they did not seek
appraisal of their shares.
Furthermore, the opinion of any investment banking
firm as to fairness, from a financial point of view, is not an opinion as to
fair value under Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA.

    
Under Section 302A.471 of the MBCA a shareholder of Minntech has no right at
law or equity to set aside the approval of the merger agreement or the
consummation of the merger, unless the shareholder can establish that approval
or consummation was fraudulent with respect to him or her or Minntech.

    
ANY HOLDER WHO FAILS TO COMPLY FULLY WITH THE STATUTORY PROCEDURES
SUMMARIZED ABOVE WITHIN THE TIME PERIODS SPECIFIED ABOVE WILL FORFEIT HIS OR HER
RIGHTS OF DISSENT AND WILL RECEIVE THE CASH AND CANTEL STOCK PAYABLE IN THE
MERGER FOR HIS OR HER SHARES, WHICH MAY HAVE A VALUE OF MORE OR LESS THAN, OR
THE SAME AS, THE FAIR VALUE OF THE SHARES DETERMINED UNDER SECTION 302A.473.

                        COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

    As a result of the merger, you will no longer be a shareholder of Minntech,
a Minnesota corporation.
Instead, you will become a stockholder of Cantel, which
is a Delaware corporation.
Your rights will be governed by Delaware law and by
Cantel's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
Your rights under the Delaware
General Corporate Law and Cantel's certificate of incorporation and bylaws will
differ from your existing rights as shareholders of Minntech under the Minnesota
Business Corporation Act and Minntech's articles of incorporation and bylaws.

The material differences are described in this section.
You might regard as
important other differences that we do not include here.
You should refer to the
documents and statutory sections we mention in this section if you want more
information.


CALL OF SHAREHOLDERS MEETINGS

    
The holders of 10% or more of the voting power of the shares entitled to
vote generally have an absolute right to demand a special meeting of the
shareholders of a Minnesota corporation.
However, only holders of at least 25%
of the outstanding shares may call a special meeting to consider whether to
effect a business combination.

    
The Delaware statute permits special meetings of stockholders to be called
by the board of directors or as stated in the corporation's bylaws.
Cantel's
bylaws state that a special meeting of the stockholders may only be called by
the board of directors, an executive committee, or the president.

    
Under Delaware law, unless directors are elected by written consent, an
annual meeting of shareholders must be held as directed in the bylaws.
A meeting
may be ordered by the Court of Chancery, upon application of any shareholder or
director, if:

    - an annual meeting is not held within 30 days after the date designated in
      the bylaws; or

    - no date has been designated for a period of 13 months after either the
      last annual meeting or the last action by written consent to elect
      directors in lieu of an annual meeting, whichever is later.


SHAREHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT A MEETING

    The Minnesota statute provides that a meeting is required for shareholders
to take action unless all shareholders entitled to vote consent to the action in
writing.
Under the Delaware statute, any action required to be taken at an
annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting by
written consent.
The written consent must describe the action taken.
The
Delaware statute requires only that the written consent be signed by
stockholders having the number of votes that would be needed to take the same
action at a meeting where all shares entitled to vote on the action were
present.
The certificate of incorporation of Cantel, however, states that
shareholder action without a meeting can only be taken with the unanimous
consent of all shareholders entitled to vote on the action.

AMENDMENTS TO GOVERNING DOCUMENTS

    Under the Minnesota statute, a resolution to amend the articles of
incorporation may be brought by a majority of the board of directors or a
shareholder holding 3% or more of the voting power of the shares entitled to
vote.
The proposed amendment to the articles is adopted if approved by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present and
entitled to vote, but the articles of incorporation may state a different
requirement.

    
Under Minntech's articles of incorporation, certain amendments to the
articles relating to the term of board members and certain substantial corporate
actions (including mergers) require a two-thirds

vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.
The two-thirds requirement in
Minntech's articles of incorporation does not apply if the matter has been
approved by two thirds of the board of directors.
In that case, only a majority
is needed to amend Minntech's articles of incorporation.

    
Under Delaware law, the certificate of incorporation of a Delaware
corporation may be amended by approval of the board of directors of a
corporation and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote for the amendment, unless a higher vote is
required by the corporation's charter.

    
Under the Minnesota statute, the board of directors of the corporation
generally has the power to adopt, amend, or repeal bylaws unless the articles of
incorporation reserve this power to the shareholders, but a shareholder or
shareholders holding three percent or more of the voting power of shares
entitled to vote may propose, for action by the shareholders, resolutions to
adopt, amend, or repeal bylaws adopted, amended, or repealed by the board.
Under
the Minnesota statute, Minntech's board of directors, without shareholder
approval, may not adopt, amend, or repeal a bylaw that:

    - fixes a quorum for shareholder meetings;

    - prescribes procedures for removing directors or filling board vacancies;

    - fixes the classifications, qualifications, or terms of office of
      directors; or

    - decreases the number of directors.

    
Under the Delaware statute, a corporation's stockholders have the exclusive
power to adopt, amend, or repeal bylaws, unless the certificate of incorporation
also grants this power to the board of directors.
Cantel's certificate of
incorporation does grant the board of directors the power to make, alter, or
repeal the corporation's bylaws.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

    Under the Minnesota statute, shareholders are entitled to dissenters' rights
of appraisal in each of the following events:

    - amendment to the articles of incorporation that materially and adversely
      affects a shareholder's rights because it does any of the following:

       - alters or abolishes preferential rights relating to the shares;

       - creates, alters, or abolishes redemption rights relating to the shares;

       - alters or abolishes preemptive rights of the shareholder; or

       - excludes or limits the rights of a shareholder to vote on a matter or
         to cumulate votes;

    - disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the
      corporation not made in the usual course of its business;

    - merger, but only if the shares of the shareholder are entitled to be voted
      on the merger;

    - exchange, if the corporation's shares will be acquired by the acquiring
      corporation, but only if the shareholder is entitled to vote on the
      exchange; or

    - other corporate action taken under a shareholder vote if the articles of
      incorporation, bylaws, or a board resolution provides that dissenting
      shareholders may obtain payment for their shares.

    
Stockholders of a Delaware corporation are entitled to similar dissenters'
rights.
Under the Delaware statute, however, no dissenters' rights exist for
shares of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation if the
shares are listed on a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq National
Market System or are held by more than 2,000 record stockholders.
However, even
in those

circumstances, dissenters' rights will exist if the stockholders are to receive
anything other than the following:

    - shares of stock of the surviving corporation;

    - shares of stock of any other corporation that will be listed on a national
      securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market System or will be held
      by more than 2,000 record stockholders;

    - cash in lieu of fractional shares; or

    - any combination of the foregoing points.

DIVIDENDS; STOCK REPURCHASES

    Under the Minnesota statute, a corporation may pay dividends or repurchase
its shares if the corporation will be able to pay its debts in the ordinary
course of business after paying the dividend or repurchasing the shares.
This is
true regardless of whether the corporation has surplus or net profits, but is
subject to limitations for the benefit of preference shares.

    
Under Delaware law, a Delaware corporation may make a distribution, subject
to restrictions and the certificate of incorporation, out of either its surplus
or if there is no surplus, its net profits for the fiscal year in which the
dividend is declared or the preceding fiscal year.
All dividend payments are
subject to limitations for the benefit of preference shares.
A Delaware
corporation may also repurchase shares of its capital stock if it complies with
statutory standards.


CORPORATE TAKEOVER LEGISLATION

    
A publicly held Minnesota corporation is subject to the
control-share-acquisition provisions of the Minnesota statute.
These provisions
require the approval of the holders of a majority of all the corporation's
voting shares, including shares held by the acquiring person, and of a majority
of the corporation's voting shares held by disinterested shareholders, before a
person acquiring 20% or more of the corporation's voting shares can vote the
shares in excess of the 20% level.
Similar shareholder approvals are required at
the one-third and majority voting levels.

    
The Minnesota statute also contains "anti-greenmail" provisions.
These
provisions restrict the ability of a Minnesota corporation to repurchase shares
from a person or group holding shares constituting 5% or more of the
corporation's voting power if the person or group has beneficially owned those
shares for less than two years.

    
Finally, the Minnesota statute also contains a "fair price" provision.
This
provides that an offeror may not acquire shares of a Minnesota corporation
within two years following the offeror's last purchase of shares in a takeover
offer, unless the selling shareholder is given a reasonable opportunity to
dispose of his or her shares to the offeror upon terms substantially equivalent
to those provided in the takeover offer.
However, the fair price provision does
not apply if the acquisition is approved by a committee of the board's
disinterested directors, who are not affiliated with the offeror, before the
purchase of any shares by the offeror under a takeover offer.

    
Delaware has not enacted legislation similar to the Minnesota's
control-share-acquisition or anti-greenmail legislation.
Delaware has, however,
enacted legislation that limits business combinations of Delaware corporations
with interested stockholders.


INTERESTED SHAREHOLDER TRANSACTIONS

    Under the Minnesota statute, if a publicly held Minnesota corporation has an
"interested shareholder," the corporation may not enter into a business
combination with the interested shareholder for at least four years after the
shareholder acquired a 10% interest in the corporation.
An "interested
shareholder" is a beneficial holder of 10% of the outstanding voting shares of a
corporation who, within the preceding four years, was a 10% shareholder,
regardless of the person's current shareholdings.
This restriction does not
apply, however, if a committee of the board of directors made up of all of its
"disinterested directors" approves the acquisition of the 10% interest or the
business combination before the date that the shareholder acquires the 10%
interest.
A "disinterested director" is one who is not a current officer or
employee of the corporation or a person who was not an officer or employee of
the corporation or a related organization within the preceding five years.

    
Under the Delaware statute, an "interested stockholder" may not enter into
business combinations with the corporation for a period of three years following
the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
Under
Delaware law, an "interested stockholder" is a person whose beneficial ownership
in the corporation is at least 15% of the outstanding voting securities, rather
than the 10% under the Minnesota statute.
This prohibition does not apply if,
before the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, the board
of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction that
resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder.
Unlike the Minnesota
statute, the Delaware statute also provides that the business combination
provisions have no effect if:

    - the tender offer or other transaction by which the stockholder became an
      interested stockholder results in the stockholder beneficially owning at
      least 85 percent of the voting securities of the corporation, excluding
      shares owned by directors who are also officers and shares owned by
      employee stock option plans;

    - the business combination is approved by the board of directors and two
      thirds of the shares held by stockholders other than the interested
      stockholder; or

    - the corporation has opted out of these provisions in its certificate of
      incorporation or bylaws, which Cantel has not done.


INTERESTED DIRECTOR TRANSACTIONS

    Under the Minnesota Statute, a corporation may enter into transactions with
interested directors if:

    - the directors establish that the transaction is "fair and reasonable" to
      the corporation;

    - the transaction is approved in good faith by the holders of at least two
      thirds of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote that are owned
      by persons other than the interested directors or, if all holders of
      shares entitled to vote are interested directors, by the holders of all
      outstanding shares, whether or not entitled to vote; or

    - the transaction is approved in good faith by a majority of the board or a
      committee, but the interested directors may not be counted in determining
      the presence of a quorum at the board or committee meeting and may not
      vote on the matter.

    
Under Minnesota law, the same duties of loyalty and care that apply to
directors, apply to officers, except that officers may not be entitled to rely
on the reports and opinions of others to the same extent as directors.

    
Under the Delaware statute, transactions with an interested director or
officer of the corporation are not void solely because they involve interested
persons if:

    - the material facts as to the director or officer's relationship or
      interest are disclosed and a majority of disinterested directors consents
      in good faith;

    - the material facts as to the director or officer's relationship or
      interest are disclosed to the shareholders entitled to vote thereon, and
      the transaction is specifically approved in good faith by a vote of the
      shareholders; or

    - the transaction is fair to the corporation at the time it is authorized by
      the board of directors, a committee, or the shareholders.

    
Unlike the Minnesota statute, the Delaware statute permits interested
directors to be counted in determining the presence of a quorum.

    
Cantel's certificate of incorporation states that no interested-person
transaction will be void if it is approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors.


AUTHORIZED STOCK; ABILITY TO ISSUE PREFERRED STOCK

    The authorized capital stock of Minntech consists of 20 million shares of
common stock, of which, as of             , 2001,             shares are issued
and outstanding and 5 million shares of preferred stock, of which 200,000 shares
have been designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, none of
which, as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, is issued and
outstanding.

    
The Minnesota Statute permits Minntech's board of directors to issue
authorized but unissued shares of Minntech common stock without shareholder
action.
In addition, Minntech's board of directors may issue the authorized but
unissued Minntech preferred stock without shareholder action.
Minntech's board
is authorized to determine the designation and number of shares in each series
of preferred stock and to fix the rights of each series.
If issued by the board
of directors, shares of Minntech preferred stock may have one or more of the
following characteristics:

    - disproportionately high voting rights;

    - class-voting rights;

    - convertibility into shares of Minntech common stock; or

    - priority to shares of Minntech common stock for payment of dividends and
      upon liquidation or bankruptcy.

    
Minntech's board could authorize the issuance of one or more series of
Minntech preferred stock with voting rights or other rights and preferences that
could impede the success of any proposed merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or
other attempt to gain control of Minntech not approved by the Minntech board.

Although the issuance of Minntech preferred stock may have an adverse effect on
the rights of holders of Minntech common stock, the consent of the holders of
Minntech common stock is not required for its issuance.

    
The authorized capital stock of Cantel consists of 12 million shares, of
which as of             , 2001,             shares are issued and outstanding,
and 1 million shares of preferred stock, none of which, as of the date of this
proxy statement/prospectus, is issued and outstanding.

    
The Delaware statute permits Cantel's board of directors to issue authorized
but unissued shares of common stock without shareholder action.
In addition,
Cantel's certificate of incorporation authorizes Cantel's board of directors,
without further shareholder action, to issue the authorized but unissued
preferred stock in one or more series.
The Cantel board is authorized to
determine the designation of a number of shares in each series and to fix or
alter the right of the series.
If issued by the board of directors, shares of
Cantel preferred stock may have one or more of the following characteristics:

    - disproportionately high voting rights;

    - class-voting rights;

    - convertibility into shares of Cantel common stock; or

    - priority to shares of Cantel common stock for payment of dividends and
      upon liquidation or bankruptcy.

    
Cantel's board could authorize the issuance of one or more series of
preferred stock with rights that could impede the success of any proposed
merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or other attempt to gain control of Cantel
not approved by the Cantel board.
Although the issuance of Cantel preferred
stock may have an adverse effect on the rights of holders of Cantel common
stock, the consent of the holders of Cantel common stock is not required for its
issuance.


SHARE RIGHTS PLAN

    Minntech is a party to a share rights plan.
Under this plan, each share of
Minntech common stock has attached to it certain rights, including rights under
certain circumstances to purchase a fraction of a share of Series A Preferred
Stock at $65 per right or Minntech common stock at one-half of its market price.

The share rights plan provides for the distribution of the rights upon the
occurrence of certain events that might constitute an attempt to effect a change
in control of Minntech.
The rights plan could have the effect of delaying or
preventing a change in control of Minntech that is not approved by Minntech's
board of directors.
Cantel does not have a share rights agreement.


LIMITATION OF DIRECTORS' LIABILITY

    In general, the Minnesota statute requires, and the Delaware statute
permits, indemnification to cover potential liabilities of directors, officers,
and employees.
In the case of actions brought by or in the interest of the
corporation, the Delaware statute limits indemnification to those expenses the
court deems proper.
However, if a director, officer, or employee successfully
defends an action, the Delaware statute provides that the person is entitled to
indemnification for his or her reasonable expenses.
The Delaware and Minnesota
statutes do not preclude other indemnification rights.

    
Minntech's articles of incorporation and bylaws authorize the
indemnification of directors, officers, and employees to the full extent
permitted by the Minnesota statute.
Cantel's certificate of incorporation
provides that Cantel must indemnify directors, officers, and employees for all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defense of any action, suit,
or proceeding resulting from being or having been a director, officer, or
employee of Cantel.
If the proposal to change Cantel's certificate of
incorporation is approved, Cantel's indemnification provision will be amended to
authorize the indemnification of directors, officers, and employees to the full
extent permitted by the Delaware statute.
For more information on Cantel's
current indemnification provision and the proposed change, see "Additional
Matters for Cantel's Annual Meeting--Amendment of Cantel's Certificate of
Incorporation to Change Indemnification Provision" on page   .


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

    Generally, directors of a Minnesota corporation may be removed only by the
shareholders.
However, when the director has been selected by the board to fill
a vacancy and the shareholders have not subsequently elected directors, the
Minnesota statute expressly permits the board, by a majority vote of the other
directors present at a board meeting, to remove the director at any time with or
without cause.
The Delaware statute does not have a similar provision for the
removal of directors by the board.
The Minnesota statute and the Delaware
statute each provide that any of the directors may be removed, with or without
cause, by the shareholders.
However, Minntech's articles of incorporation state
that shareholders may remove a director from office only for cause.

                        
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF BENEFICIAL
                             OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

MINNTECH

    
The following table sets forth, as of June 1, 2001, the beneficial ownership
of Minntech common stock by each of its directors and executive officers and all
shareholders beneficially owning in excess of five percent of Minntech's
outstanding shares.
Unless otherwise indicated, the mailing address for each
person listed in the table is 14605 28th Avenue North, Minneapolis, Minnesota
55447.

                                                            
NUMBER OF SHARES
                                                                 OWNED             PERCENTAGE
                                                           BENEFICIALLY AS OF       OF SHARES
NAME                                                        JUNE 1, 2001(1)        OUTSTANDING
- ----                                                       ------------------   -----------------

Heartland Advisors, Inc. ................................        999,900(2)           15.0%
  789 North Water Street
  Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202

T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. ..........................        655,000(3)            9.7
  100 E. Pratt Street
  Baltimore, Maryland 21202

Dimensional Fund Advisors, Inc. .........................        491,272(4)            7.3
  1299 Ocean Avenue, 11th Floor
  Santa Monica, California 90401

FleetBoston Financial Corporation .......................        429,350(5)            6.4
  100 Federal Street
  Boston, Massachusetts 02110

Thomas J. McGoldrick.....................................        245,372(6)            3.6

Fred L. Shapiro, M.D.....................................        163,454               2.4

George Heenan............................................        
119,039               1.8

Barbara A. Wrigley.......................................        113,500               1.7

William Hope.............................................         75,766               1.1

Paul E. Helms............................................         74,760               1.1

Jules L. Fisher..........................................         73,976               1.1

Amos Heilicher...........................................         
62,453                 *

Andrew P. Cambell........................................         50,839                 *

Norman Dann..............................................         32,526                 *

Malcolm W. McDonald......................................         16,007                 *

R. James Danehy..........................................              0                 *

*All directors and executive officers as a group (12             888,945              12.1
  persons)...............................................

- ------------------------

*   Less than one percent.


(1) Includes shares subject to options exercisable currently or within 60 days
    after June 1, 2001 as follows: Mr. McGoldrick, 187,000 shares; Dr. Fred
    Shapiro, 57,646 shares; Mr. Heenan, 60,993 shares; Ms. Wrigley, 113,500
    shares; Mr. Hope, 40,466 shares; Mr. Helms, 74,000 shares; Mr. Fisher,
    72,750 shares; Mr. Heilicher, 57,646 shares; Mr. Cambell, 48,875 shares;
    Mr. Dann, 29,526 shares; Mr. McDonald, 15,466 shares; and all directors and
    executive officers as a group, 675,993 shares.


(2) This information has been derived from the Schedule 13G filed by Heartland
    Advisors, Inc. and William J. Nasgovitz, president and principal shareholder
    of Heartland Advisors, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2001 and is stated
    as of December 31, 2000.
Of such shares, Heartland Advisors reported sole
    voting power over 481,000 shares and Mr. Nasgovitz reported sole voting
    power over 480,800 shares.


(3) This information has been derived from the Schedule 13G filed by T. Rowe
    Price Associates, Inc. with the SEC on February 9, 2001 and is stated as of
    December 31, 2000.
T. Rowe Price Small-Cap Value Fund, Inc. reported that it
    has sole voting power over 650,000 of such shares.


(4) This information has been derived from the Schedule 13G filed by Dimensional
    Fund Advisors with the SEC on February 2, 2001 and is stated as of
    December 31, 2000.


(5) This information has been derived from the Schedule 13G filed by FleetBoston
    Financial Corporation with the SEC on February 14, 2001 and is stated as of
    December 31, 2000.
FleetBoston reported having sole voting power over
    309,350 of such shares.


(6) Mr. McGoldrick separated from the Company effective July 7, 2000.
His share
    ownership of 58,372 shares is given as of this date.
The number of his
    shares subject to options exercisable currently or within 60 days is given
    as of June 1, 2001.


CANTEL

    
The following table sets forth stock ownership information as of June 21,
2001 concerning (1) each director and each person nominated to become a director
of Cantel, (2) each person (including any "group" as defined in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) who is known by Cantel
to beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of Cantel's
common stock, (3) the chief executive officer of Cantel and the other executive
officers who received more than $100,000 in salary and bonus during fiscal year
2000, and (4) Cantel's executive officers and directors as a group:

                                                                           AMOUNT AND
                                                                           NATURE OF
                                                                           BENEFICIAL    PERCENTAGE
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS      POSITION WITH THE COMPANY      OWNERSHIP(1)    
OF CLASS
- -------------------------------------  ---------------------------------  ------------   ----------

Charles M. Diker...................    
Chairman of the Board and              982,133(2)    20.8
                                       Director
Alan J. Hirschfield................    
Vice Chairman of the Board and         228,333(3)     5.0
                                         Director
Robert L. Barbanell................    
Director                                50,769(4)     1.1
Joseph M. Cohen....................    
Director                                 4,334(5)       *
Darwin C. Dornbush, Esq............    Secretary and Director                  22,680(6)     0.5
Morris W. Offit....................    
Director                                59,500(7)     1.3
James P. Reilly....................    
President, CEO and Director            171,948(8)     3.7
John W. Rowe, M.D..................    
Director                                26,000(9)     0.6
Bruce Slovin.......................    
Director                               173,500(10)     3.8
Joseph L. Harris...................    
Senior Vice President                   37,500(11)     0.8
Roy K. Malkin......................    President and CEO of MediVators,        34,584(12)     0.8
                                         Inc.
Craig A. Sheldon...................    
Vice President and Controller            1,775          *
William J. Vella...................    
President and COO of Carsen Group       25,006(13)     0.5
                                         Inc.
All officers and directors as a group
  of 13 persons....................                                         1,818,062(14)    36.5

- ------------------------

*   Less than 0.5 percent.


(1) Unless otherwise noted, Cantel believes that all persons named in the table
    have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
    stock beneficially owned by them.
A person is deemed to be the beneficial
    owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within 60 days from
    June 21, 2001 upon the exercise of options.
Each beneficial owner's
    percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options that are held by
    such person (but not those held by any other person) and which are
    exercisable within 60 days from June 21, 2001 have been exercised.


(2) Includes 158,000 shares which Mr. Diker may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.
Does not include an aggregate of 587,090 shares owned by
    (i) Mr. Diker's wife, (ii) certain trusts for the benefit of Mr. Diker's
    children, (iii) certain accounts with Weiss, Peck and Greer, an investment
    firm of which Mr. Diker is a non-managing principal, over which accounts
    Mr. Diker exercises investment discretion, (iv) the DicoGroup, Inc., a
    corporation of which Mr. Diker serves as Chairman of the Board, and (v) a
    non-profit corporation of which Mr. Diker and his wife are the principal
    officers and directors.
Mr. Diker disclaims beneficial ownership as to all
    of the foregoing shares.


(3) Includes 23,500 shares which Mr. Hirschfield may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.


(4) Includes 20,000 shares which Mr. Barbanell may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.
Does not include 2,500 shares owned by Mr. Barbanell's wife as to
    which Mr. Barbanell disclaims beneficial ownership.


(5) Includes 4,334 shares which Mr. Cohen may acquire pursuant to stock options.


(6) Includes 17,000 shares which Mr. Dornbush may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.


(7) Includes 19,000 shares which Mr. Offit may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.


(8) Includes 58,498 shares which Mr. Reilly may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.
Does not include 87,115 shares owned by Mr. Reilly's wife as to
    which Mr. Reilly disclaims beneficial ownership.


(9) Includes 26,000 shares which Dr. Rowe may acquire pursuant to stock options.


(10) Includes 25,000 shares which Mr. Slovin may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.
Does not include an aggregate of 15,000 shares owned by
    (i) certain trusts for the benefit of Mr. Slovin's children and (ii) a
    charitable foundation established by Mr. Slovin.
Mr. Slovin disclaims
    beneficial ownership as to all of the foregoing shares.


(11) Includes 37,500 shares which Mr. Harris may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.


(12) Includes 34,584 shares which Mr. Malkin may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.


(13) Includes 1,500 shares which Mr. Vella may acquire pursuant to stock
    options.


(14) Includes 424,916 shares which may be acquired pursuant to stock options.

                 
ADDITIONAL MATTERS FOR CANTEL'S ANNUAL MEETING

ELECTION OF CANTEL DIRECTORS

    GENERAL.  
Three directors of Cantel are to be elected at the annual meeting
to serve a three-year term expiring at the 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified.

Management has nominated Darwin C. Dornbush, Esq., Morris W. Offit and John W.
Rowe, M.D. for election as directors.
Unless authority to vote for the election
of management's nominees is withheld, the enclosed proxy will be voted for the
election of said nominees.
Each of the nominees currently serves as a director
of Cantel, and has consented to be named as a nominee in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus and to continue serving as a director if elected.
While
management has no reason to believe that any of the nominees will not be
available as a candidate, should such situation arise, proxies given to
management will be voted for the election of another person as a director.


NOMINEES FOR DIRECTORS

                                                                         DIRECTOR
TERMS EXPIRING AT 2003 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS           AGE       SINCE
- -----------------------------------------------------         --------   
--------

Darwin C. Dornbush, Esq.
  Partner in the law firm of Dornbush Mensch
  Mandelstam & Schaeffer, LLP...............................     71        1963

Morris W. Offit
  Chief Executive Officer of Offitbank......................     64        1986

John W. Rowe, M.D.
  President and Chief Executive Officer of Mount
  Chairman and President of Aetna U.S. Healthcare...........     57        1998

DIRECTORS WHOSE TERM IN OFFICE CONTINUES

                                                                         DIRECTOR
TERMS EXPIRING AT 2001 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS           AGE       SINCE
- -----------------------------------------------------         --------   --------

Charles M. Diker
  Chairman of the Board of Cantel and Private Investor......     
66        1985

Alan J. Hirschfield
  Vice Chairman of the Board of Cantel,
  Private Investor and Consultant...........................     65        1986

Bruce Slovin
  President of McAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.
  and President of Revlon Group, Inc........................     65        1986

TERMS EXPIRING AT 2002 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
- -----------------------------------------------------

James P. Reilly
  President and Chief Executive
  Officer of Cantel.........................................     
60        1989
Robert L. Barbanell
  President of Robert L. Barbanell Associates, Inc..........     71        1994
Joseph M. Cohen
  Chairman of JM Cohen & Co., L.L.C.........................     64        2000

    Cantel's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2000,
a copy of which is attached to this joint proxy/registration statement as Annex
G and is incorporated herein by reference, contains information regarding the
directors and executive officers of Cantel, including the nominees named above,
executive and director compensation, certain relationships and related
transactions, compensation committee interlocks and insider participation, and
contains the report on executive compensation by the Compensation Committee of
the board of directors and the Stock Option Committee.

    COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS OF THE CANTEL BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    Cantel has an Audit Committee of the board of directors consisting of
Messrs. Barbanell (Chairman), Offit and Slovin.
All the members of the audit
committee are independent, financially literate, and at least one member has
accounting and financial management expertise.
The primary functions of the
Audit Committee are to recommend the appointment of Cantel's independent
auditors, to review the overall scope of the audit, Cantel's financial
statements and the independent auditors' report, and to meet with Cantel's
financial management and its independent auditors to satisfy itself of the
adequacy of Cantel's internal controls.
The Audit Committee held three meetings
during fiscal 2000 at which all members of the committee required to be in
attendance were present.
Cantel's board of directors has adopted a written
charter for the Audit Committee, a copy of which is attached to this joint
proxy/registration statement as Annex J.

    Cantel has a Compensation Committee of the board of directors consisting of
Messrs. Hirschfield (Chairman) and Barbanell.
The primary functions of the
Compensation Committee are the establishment of compensation policies and to
consider and make recommendations to the board concerning compensation to
Cantel's senior management.
The Compensation Committee held one telephonic
meeting during fiscal 2000 at which all members of the committee were present.

    
The board of directors of Cantel held four meetings during the fiscal year
ended July 31, 2000.
Except for Mr. Offit, no incumbent director attended fewer
than 75% of the aggregate of (1) the total number of meetings of the board (held
during the period for which he has been a director) and (2) the total number of
meetings held by all committees of the board on which he served (during the
periods that he served).

    
Cantel does not have a nominating committee.

    
SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

    Under the securities laws of the United States, Cantel's directors,
executive officers, and any persons holding more than 10% of Cantel's common
stock are required to report their initial ownership of Cantel's common stock
and any subsequent changes in their ownership to the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
Specific due dates have been established by the SEC, and Cantel is
required to disclose in this report any failure to file by those dates.
Based
upon (1) the copies of Section 16(a) reports that Cantel received from such
persons for their 2000 fiscal year transactions and (2) the written
representations received from one or more of such persons that no annual Form 5
reports were required to be filed for them for the 2000 fiscal year other than
those filed, Cantel believes that there has been compliance with all
Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such officers, directors, and
10% beneficial owners for such fiscal year.

    
STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH

    The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Cantel's
common stock for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative total return on
the Nasdaq Stock Market/U.S. Index and Nasdaq Non-Financial Index over the same
period (assuming the investment of $100 in common stock,

the Nasdaq Stock Market/U.S. and the Nasdaq Non-Financial Index on July 31,
1995, and, where applicable, the reinvestment of all dividends).

  
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN(*) AMONG CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.,
    THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET (U.S.) INDEX AND THE NASDAQ NON-FINANCIAL INDEX

EDGAR REPRESENTATION OF DATA POINTS USED IN PRINTED GRAPHIC

Dollars

                            JUL-95  JUL-96  JUL-97  JUL-98  JUL-99  JUL-00

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.        100.00  111.22   89.80  142.86   86.73  127.04
NASDAQ STOCK MARKET (U.S.)  100.00  108.96  160.76  189.18  270.37  385.01
NASDAQ NON-FINANCIAL        100.00  105.99  153.84  179.08  264.08  390.44

*   $100 Invested on 7/31/95 in Stock or Index--Including Reinvestment of
    Dividends.   
Fiscal Year Ending July 31.

    
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE NOMINEES LISTED HEREIN.


AMENDMENT OF CANTEL'S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO CHANGE INDEMNIFICATION
  PROVISION

    Article Thirteenth of Cantel's Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation currently contains an indemnification provision under which each
director, officer and employee of Cantel and any other company serving as such
at the request of Cantel and of which Cantel is a stockholder or creditor, shall
be indemnified by Cantel against certain losses, costs, liabilities and expenses
incurred by him in connection with the defense of legal actions in which he is
made a party, or with which he may be threatened, by reason of his serving or
having served in such capacity.
However, this Article contains certain
provisions that could limit the scope of indemnification permitted under
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and under indemnification
agreements between Cantel and its directors and officers.

    
In particular, Article Thirteenth provides that the determination as to the
right to indemnity of any director, officer or employee in respect of any
settlement in which the existence of willful misfeasance, bad faith, negligence
or misconduct in the performance of duties is not established, shall be made by
the vote of two-thirds of the members of the board of directors not involved in
such action, suit or proceeding if such directors constitute a majority of the
board.
In the event that a majority of the

board of directors is involved in such action, suit or proceeding, Article
Thirteenth provides that indemnification shall be made only if independent legal
counsel gives a written opinion to the effect that the person to be indemnified
is not liable for willful misfeasance, bad faith, negligence or misconduct in
the performance of his duties.
Article Thirteenth also provides that the amount
of such reimbursement payable by Cantel shall not exceed the costs and expenses
such indemnified person would have reasonable incurred if the action, suit or
proceeding had been litigated to a final conclusion.
The Board of Directors of
Cantel believes that these provisions can limit the ability of directors,
officers and employees to obtain indemnification where otherwise permitted under
Delaware law.

    
Therefore, the Board has unanimously approved an amendment to the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to delete the current provisions of
Article Thirteenth in their entirety and to replace it with the following:

       "THIRTEENTH: The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
       Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as
       the same may be amended and supplemented, or by any successor thereto,
       indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under
       said section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or
       other matters referred to in or covered by said section.
Such right to
       indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
       director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of
       the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
The
       indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any
       other rights of which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under
       any By-Law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
       otherwise.
"

    Highly competent persons are becoming more reluctant to serve publicly held
corporations as directors or as executive officers unless they are provided with
adequate protection through adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of
claims and actions against them arising out of their service to the corporation.

The Board of Directors is of the opinion that Cantel should obligate itself to
indemnify such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, which
permits corporations to enter into contracts that require indemnification in all
cases except where the person in question is found by legal process to have
acted against the interests of the corporation, and act to assure such persons
that there will be increased certainty of such protection.
It believes that the
proposed amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is
in the best interest of Cantel and that it will aid the company in securing and
retaining competent directors, management personnel and other key employees.

                     
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE
               AMENDMENT TO CANTEL'S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO THE 1997 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN

    In October 1997, Cantel adopted the 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan (the
"Employee Plan") under which Cantel may, from time to time, issue options
exercisable for shares of Cantel common stock.
At the time of adoption, 200,000
shares of Cantel common stock were reserved for issuance under the Employee
Plan.
In April 1999, stockholders approved an amendment to the Employee Plan
that increased the number of shares of Cantel common stock reserved for issuance
by 200,000 shares, to 400,000 shares.
In March 2000, stockholders approved an
amendment to the Employee Plan that increased the number of shares of Common
Stock reserved for issuance by 300,000 shares, to 700,000 shares.
The board of
directors has adopted an amendment to the Employee Plan to increase the number
of shares of Cantel common stock reserved for issuance by 300,000 shares, to
1,000,000 shares.
Adoption of such amendment requires stockholder approval.
A
copy of the Employee Plan, as currently in effect, is attached hereto as Annex
K.

    Options granted under the Employee Plan are intended to qualify as Incentive
Stock Options ("ISOs") within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
Code.
The Employee Plan is administered in all respects by the Stock Option
Committee.
The Stock Option Committee may determine the employees to whom
options are to be granted and the number of shares subject to each option.
Under
the terms of the Employee Plan, all employees of Cantel and its subsidiaries are
eligible for option grants.
Options under the Employee Plan are granted to
reward past performance by employees, as an incentive for future performance,
and to recruit and retain qualified personnel.

    
The option exercise price of options granted under the Employee Plan is
fixed by the Stock Option Committee but must be no less than 100% of the fair
market value of the shares of Cantel common stock subject to the option at the
time of grant, except that, in the case of an employee who possesses more than
10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of Cantel, the
exercise price for incentive stock options must be no less than 110% of said
fair market value.
Options may be exercised by the payment in full in cash or by
tendering shares of Cantel common stock having a fair market value, as
determined by the Stock Option Committee, equal to the option exercise price.

Options granted under the Employee Plan may not be exercised more than ten years
after the date of grant, five years in the case of an incentive stock option
granted to an employee who possesses more than 10% of the total combined voting
power of all classes of Cantel common stock.

    
As of June 25, 2001, options to purchase 454,375 shares were outstanding
under the Employee Plan.
No shares were issued pursuant to the exercise of
options granted under the Employee Plan.
With the adoption of the proposed
amendment, 545,625 shares would be available for future grants.
The number of
shares is subject to adjustment on account of stock splits, stock dividends and
other dilutive changes in the Cantel common stock.
Cantel common stock covered
by unexercised stock options that expire, terminate, or are cancelled are
available for option grant under the Employee Plan.

    
The principal United States federal income tax consequences of the issuance
and exercise of options, and subsequent stock dispositions, are as follows:

    Although an individual can receive an unlimited number of ISOs during any
calendar year, the aggregate fair market value (determined at the time of option
grant) of the stock with respect to which ISO's first become exercisable during
any calendar year (under all of Cantel's stock option plans) cannot exceed
$100,000.
ISO tax treatment is denied by the Internal Revenue Code to any
options in excess of such dollar limits.
For purposes of computing an optionee's
regular tax liability, an optionee will not realize taxable income for federal
income tax purposes upon the grant or exercise of an ISO and Cantel will not be
entitled to a deduction in connection with the grant or the exercise of the
option.
For purposes of the alternative minimum tax only, stock acquired
pursuant to the exercise of an ISO will be subject to the rules applicable to
non-ISOs.
Thus, in general, the amount by which the fair market value of the
option shares at the time of ISO exercise exceeds the option exercise price, the
"option spread", will be an item of tax preference for purposes of the federal
alternative minimum tax and thus the option spread may be subject to the
alternative minimum tax unless the shares are disposed of in a non-qualifying
disposition in the year of exercise.
If the optionee is subject to the
alternative minimum tax in the year of the option exercise, the shares purchased
upon the exercise of the ISO will generally have a tax basis equal to their fair
market value at the time of ISO exercise only for purposes of computing gain or
loss on a subsequent disposition of the option shares under the alternative
minimum tax.
If instead, the optionee is not subject to the alternative minimum
tax in the year of the disposition of his option shares, the shares purchased
upon the exercise of an ISO will have a tax basis (for purposes of calculating
gain or loss on such disposition under the regular tax) equal to their ISO
exercise price.
Each optionee should consult his tax advisor as to the
application of the alternative minimum tax to the exercise of ISOs and the
disposition of shares acquired thereby.

    
Provided that the optionee does not dispose of the shares acquired upon the
exercise of an ISO within two years from the date of grant or within one year
from the date of exercise, the net gain

realized on the sale or other taxable disposition of the shares is subject to
tax at capital gain tax rates.
If Cantel common stock acquired pursuant to the
exercise of an ISO is disposed of within the two year or one year periods
mentioned above, any gain realized by the optionee generally will be taxable at
the time of such disposition as (1) ordinary income to the extent of the
difference between the exercise price and the lesser of (a) the fair market
value of the Common Stock on the date the ISO is exercised, or (b) the amount
realized on such disposition, and (2) short-term or long-term capital gain to
the extent of any excess of the amount realized on the disposition over the fair
market value of the Cantel common stock on the date the ISO is exercised.
Cantel
will be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income
recognized by the optionee at the time such income is recognized.
Cantel will be
required to satisfy any applicable withholding requirements in order to be
entitled to a tax deduction.

    
If the optionee pays the option exercise price by transferring to Cantel
shares of its stock, the optionee will generally not recognize any gain or loss
with respect to the transfer of such shares, and the optionee will have a tax
basis in the shares acquired equal to the amount of cash plus the adjusted tax
basis of any shares transferred by such optionee to Cantel.
(But see the
discussion above relating to the alternative minimum tax.)
However, if the
transferred shares were themselves acquired by the optionee upon the exercise of
an ISO and the transfer of such shares to Cantel occurs within the two-year
period or the one-year period referred to above, the optionee will generally
recognize gain in connection with such transfer to the extent the fair market
value of the transferred shares exceeds the tax basis with respect to such
shares.

    
State and local income tax consequences may, depending on the jurisdiction,
differ from the federal income tax consequences of the granting and exercise of
an option and any later sale by the optionee of his option stock.
There may also
be, again depending on the jurisdiction, transfer or other taxes imposed in
connection with a disposition, by sale, bequest or otherwise, of options and
option stock.
Optionees should consult their personal tax advisors with respect
to the specific state, local and other tax effects on them of option grants,
exercises and stock dispositions.

    
The board of directors is of the opinion that adoption of the amendment to
the Employee Plan is in the best interests of Cantel in that it will aid Cantel
in securing and retaining competent management personnel and other employees by
making it possible to offer them an opportunity to acquire stock of Cantel and
thereby increase their proprietary interest in Cantel's success.
The amendment
is particularly necessary in light of the proposed merger with Minntech, due to
the significant number of new employees who will become eligible to participate
in the Employee Plan following the merger.

                     
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE
             AMENDMENT TO CANTEL'S 1997 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

    
The firm of Ernst & Young LLP has audited the financial statements of Cantel
for more than the past five fiscal years and has been appointed by Cantel's
board of directors to audit the financial statements of Cantel for the current
fiscal year.
Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP are expected to be present at
the meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do
so and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions.

    
Set forth below is information relating to the aggregate Ernst & Young LLP
fees for professional services rendered for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2000.

    
AUDIT FEES

    
The aggregate Ernst & Young LLP fees for all professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the
fiscal year ended July 31, 2000, and for the reviews of the unaudited
consolidated financial statements included in Cantel's Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q for that fiscal year, were $107,000.

    
FINANCIAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION FEES

    Ernst & Young LLP did not perform any professional services for information
technology services relating to financial information systems design and
implementation for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2000.

    
ALL OTHER FEES

    
The aggregate Ernst & Young LLP fees for professional services rendered to
Cantel, other than the services described above under "Audit Fees," for the
fiscal year ended July 31, 2000, were $31,000.
These primarily consist of fees
for tax matters and other advisory services.

    
The Audit Committee of Cantel's board of directors has considered whether
the provision of non-audit professional services rendered by Ernst & Young LLP,
as discussed above, is compatible with maintaining their independence.


REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

    The Audit Committee of the board of directors is providing this report to
enable stockholders to understand how it monitors and oversees Cantel's
financial reporting process.
The Audit Committee operates pursuant to an Audit
Committee Charter that is reviewed annually by the Audit Committee and updated
as appropriate.
A copy of the Audit Committee Charter has been included as Annex
J to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

    
This report confirms that the Audit Committee has (1) reviewed and discussed
the audited financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2000 with
management and Cantel's independent public accountants; (2) discussed with
Cantel's independent public accountants the matters required to be reviewed
pursuant to the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61 (Communications with
Audit Committees); (3) reviewed the written disclosures letter from Cantel's
independent public accountants as required by Independence Standards Board
Standard No. 1 (Independent Discussions with Audit Committees); and
(4) discussed with Cantel's independent public accountants their independence
from Cantel.

    
The Audit Committee of the board of directors has considered whether the
provision of non-audit professional services rendered by Ernst & Young LLP, as
discussed above and disclosed elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, is compatible with maintaining their independence.

    
Based upon the above review and discussions, the Audit Committee recommended
to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements for the year
ended July 31, 2000 be included in Cantel's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                          
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                          Robert L. Barbanell (Chairman)
                                          Morris W. Offit
                                          Bruce Slovin

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

    Cantel has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the
SEC the Cantel common stock to be issued to Minntech shareholders in the merger.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement
and constitutes a prospectus of Cantel in addition to being a joint proxy
statement of both Cantel and Minntech for their respective shareholders
meetings.
As allowed by SEC rules, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does
not contain all the information you can find in the registration statement or
the exhibits to the registration statement.

    
In addition, Cantel and Minntech file annual, quarterly, and current
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
You may read and copy this information at the
following locations of the SEC:

Public Reference Room          New York Regional Office       Chicago Regional Office
450 Fifth Street, N.W.         7 World Trade Center           Citicorp Center
Room 1024                      Suite 1300                     500 West Madison Street
Washington, D.C. 20549         New York, New York 10048       Suite 1400
                                                              Chicago, Illinois 60661-2511

    You may also obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public
Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington,
D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference rooms.
The SEC also maintains an
Internet World Wide Web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information about issuers, including Cantel and Minntech, who file
electronically with the SEC.
The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov.
You
can also inspect reports, proxy statements and other information about Cantel
and Minntech at the offices of the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc., 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 2006.

    
The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference information into this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus.
This means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with
the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information that is
superseded by information that is included directly in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

    
This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents listed below that Cantel and Minntech have previously filed with the
SEC.
They contain important information about our companies and their financial
condition.

    
CANTEL SEC FILINGS (FILE NO. 000-06132)

    - Cantel's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31,

    - Cantel's Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31,

    - Cantel's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31,

    - Cantel's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2001

    - Cantel's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 31, 2001

    MINNTECH SEC FILINGS (File No. 000-11278)

    - Minntech's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31,

    - Minntech's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2001

    We incorporate by reference additional documents that either company may
file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act between the date of this joint proxy

statement/prospectus and the date of the shareholders meetings.
These documents
include periodic reports, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy
statements.

    
You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus from the SEC through the SEC's Internet site at the
address provided above.
Documents incorporated by reference are also available
from Cantel or Minntech, as the case may be, without charge, excluding any
exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by
reference as an exhibit in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
You can obtain
these documents by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the
appropriate company at the following addresses:

Cantel Medical Corp.                       Minntech Corporation
150 Clove Road, 9th Floor                  14605 28th
Avenue North
Little Falls, New Jersey 07424             Minneapolis, Minnesota 55447
Attention: Joanna Z. Albrecht              Attention: General Counsel
Telephone number: (973) 890-7220           Telephone number: (763) 553-2473

    IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM EITHER COMPANY, PLEASE DO SO BY
       , 2001 IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE YOUR COMPANY'S SHAREHOLDERS
MEETING.
If you request any incorporated documents from us, we will mail them to
you by first class mail, or another equally prompt means, within one business
day after we receive your request.

    
WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE MERGER OF OUR COMPANIES THAT DIFFERS FROM, OR ADDS TO,
THE INFORMATION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS OR IN OUR DOCUMENTS
THAT ARE PUBLICLY FILED WITH THE SEC.
THEREFORE, IF ANYONE DOES GIVE YOU
DIFFERENT OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON IT.

    
IF YOU ARE IN A JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO OFFER TO EXCHANGE OR
SELL, OR TO ASK FOR OFFERS OF EXCHANGE OR TO BUY, THE SECURITIES OFFERED BY THIS
JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS OR TO ASK FOR PROXIES, OR IF YOU ARE A PERSON
TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DIRECT THESE ACTIVITIES, THEN THE OFFER PRESENTED BY
THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS DOES NOT EXTEND TO YOU.

    
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SPEAKS
ONLY AS OF ITS DATE UNLESS THE INFORMATION SPECIFICALLY INDICATES THAT ANOTHER
DATE APPLIES.
INFORMATION
ABOUT CANTEL HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY CANTEL, AND
INFORMATION ABOUT MINNTECH HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY MINNTECH.

                                    
EXPERTS

    Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the Cantel
consolidated financial statements and schedule included in the Cantel Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2000, as set forth in their
report, which is incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement.
Cantel's
financial statements and schedule are incorporated by reference in reliance on
Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as experts in accounting
and auditing.

    
The financial statements of Minntech Corporation as of March 31, 2001 and
2000 and for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2001 included
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance on
the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the
authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

    Certain legal matters relating to the validity of the shares of Cantel
common stock issuable in connection with the merger have been passed upon by
Cantel's counsel, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, a partnership
including professional corporations.

                   
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR ANNUAL MEETINGS

    CANTEL.  
Stockholder proposals that are intended to be presented at the
Cantel 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by Cantel a
reasonable time before Cantel begins to print and mail its proxy materials in
order to be included in the proxy statement and related materials.
Such
proposals must also meet the requirements set forth in the rules and regulations
of the SEC in order to be eligible for inclusion in Cantel's proxy statement for
its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

    MINNTECH.  
Due to the anticipated merger, Minntech does not currently expect
to hold a 2001 annual meeting of shareholders, as Minntech will be owned by
Cantel if the merger is completed.
If the merger is not completed and an annual
meeting is later held, shareholder proposals for inclusion in the proxy
materials for that meeting would have to be submitted to Minntech's Corporate
Secretary a reasonable time before Minntech begins to print and mail those proxy
materials.
These proposals also must meet the other requirements of the rules of
the SEC relating to shareholder proposals.

                                                                         
ANNEX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                                     AMONG
                             CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.,
                              CANOPY MERGER CORP.
                                      AND
                              MINNTECH CORPORATION
                            DATED AS OF MAY 30, 2001

                                      A-1

                               

                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                      --------

                                     ARTICLE I

                                     THE MERGER

Section 1.01            The Merger..................................................     
A-5
Section 1.02            Closing.....................................................     A-5
Section 1.03            Effective Time of the Merger................................     
A-5
Section 1.04            Effects of the Merger.......................................     
A-5
Section 1.05            Directors and Officers......................................     
A-6

                                     ARTICLE II

            EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT
                       CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

Section 2.01            Manner of Converting Shares.................................     
A-6
Section 2.02            Exchange of Certificates....................................     A-7

                                    ARTICLE III

                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Section 3.01            Organization, Standing, Qualification.......................    A-11
Section 3.02            Capitalization..............................................    A-11
Section 3.03            Authorization and Execution.................................    A-12
Section 3.04            No Conflicts................................................    A-12
                        SEC Reports; Financial Statements; No Undisclosed
Section 3.05            Liabilities.................................................    A-13

Section 3.06            Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement...............    A-14
Section 3.07            Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................    A-14
Section 3.08            Tax Matters.................................................    A-15
Section 3.09            Owned Property..............................................    A-16

Section 3.10            Material Contracts..........................................    A-17
Section 3.11            Intellectual Property.......................................    A-17
Section 3.12            Litigation..................................................    A-18
Section 3.13            Permits, Licenses, Authorizations;
Compliance with Laws.....    A-19
Section 3.14            No Brokers or Finders.......................................    A-19
Section 3.15            Benefit Plans...............................................    A-19
Section 3.16            Environmental Matters.......................................    A-22

Section 3.17            Insurance...................................................    A-23
Section 3.18            Company Products............................................    A-23
Section 3.19            Anti-Fraud Statutes.........................................    
A-24
Section 3.20            Amendment to Rights Agreement...............................    A-24
Section 3.21            Opinion of Financial Adviser................................    A-24
Section 3.22            Voting Requirements.........................................    A-24
Section 3.23            Distributors, Suppliers and Customers.......................    A-24

                                     ARTICLE IV

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER AND BUYER SUBSIDIARY

Section 4.01            Organization, Standing, Qualification.......................    A-25
Section 4.02            Capitalization..............................................    A-25
Section 4.03            Authorization and Execution.................................    A-25
Section 4.04            No Conflicts................................................    A-26

                                      A-2

                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                      --------

                        SEC Reports; Financial Statements; No Undisclosed
Section 4.05            Liabilities.................................................    A-26
Section 4.06            Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement...............    A-27
Section 4.07            Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................    A-27
Section 4.08            Tax Matters.................................................    A-28
Section 4.09            Owned Property..............................................    A-29
Section 4.10            Material Contracts..........................................    A-30
Section 4.11            Intellectual Property.......................................    A-30
Section 4.12            Litigation..................................................    A-31
Section 4.13            Permits, Licenses, Authorizations; Compliance with Laws.....    A-31
Section 4.14            No Brokers or Finders.......................................    A-31
Section 4.15            Benefit Plans...............................................    A-32
Section 4.16            Environmental Matters.......................................    A-34
Section 4.17            Insurance...................................................    A-35
Section 4.18            Buyer Products..............................................    A-35
Section 4.19            Anti-Fraud Statutes.........................................    A-35
Section 4.20            Opinion of Financial Adviser................................    A-36
Section 4.21            Voting Requirements.........................................    A-36
Section 4.22            Financing...................................................    A-36
Section 4.23            Distributors, Suppliers and Customers.......................    A-36

                                     ARTICLE V

             OPERATION OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY UNTIL EFFECTIVE TIME

Section 5.01            Preservation of Business....................................    A-36
Section 5.02            Ordinary Course.............................................    A-36
Section 5.03            Negative Covenants of the Company...........................    A-37
Section 5.04            Tax Covenant................................................    A-38
Section 5.05            Third Party Consents........................................    A-38

                                     ARTICLE VI

                OPERATION OF BUSINESS OF BUYER UNTIL EFFECTIVE TIME

Section 6.01            Preservation of Business....................................    A-39
Section 6.02            Ordinary Course.............................................    A-39
Section 6.03            Negative Covenants of Buyer.................................    A-39
Section 6.04            Tax Covenant................................................    A-40
Section 6.05            Third Party Consents........................................    A-40

                                    ARTICLE VII

                               ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

                        Shareholders' Meetings; Registration Statement and Joint
Section 7.01            Proxy Statement.............................................    A-41
Section 7.02            No Shopping.................................................    A-42

Section 7.03            Access to Information.......................................    A-43
Section 7.04            Amendment of the Company's Employee Plans...................    A-43
Section 7.05            
[Intentionally Omitted].....................................    A-43
Section 7.06            Certain Resignations........................................    
A-43
Section 7.07            Confidentiality Agreements..................................    
A-43
Section 7.08            Employee Benefit Covenant...................................    A-44

Section 7.09            Employee Matters............................................    A-44
Section 7.10            Indemnification.............................................    A-44
Section 7.11            Directors and Officers Liability Insurance..................    A-44

                                      A-3

                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                      --------

Section 7.12            Management Agreements.......................................    
A-45
Section 7.13            Cooperation.................................................    A-45
Section 7.14            Letters of the Company's Accountants........................    A-45
Section 7.15            Letters of Buyer's Accountants..............................    A-45
Section 7.16            Satisfaction of Conditions to the Merger; Notification......    A-45
Section 7.17            Rule 145 Affiliates.........................................    A-46
Section 7.18            Listing of Buyer Common Stock...............................    A-46
Section 7.19            Section 16 Matters..........................................    A-46
Section 7.20            Buyer Board of Directors....................................    A-46
Section 7.21            Accounting Treatment........................................    A-46
Section 7.22            Offices.....................................................    A-46

                                    ARTICLE VIII

                                CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

                        Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the
Section 8.01            Merger......................................................    A-47
                        Conditions to the Obligations of Buyer and Buyer
Section 8.02            Subsidiary..................................................    A-47

Section 8.03            Conditions to Obligations of the Company....................    A-48

                                     ARTICLE IX

                             TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

Section 9.01            Termination.................................................    A-49
Section 9.02            Procedure and Effect of Termination.........................    A-50
Section 9.03            Termination Fee; Expenses...................................    A-50

                                     ARTICLE X

                                 GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 10.01           Termination of Representations and Warranties...............    A-51
Section 10.02           Amendment and Modification..................................    A-51
Section 10.03           Waiver of Compliance; Consents..............................    A-52
Section 10.04           Expenses....................................................    A-52
Section 10.05           Press Releases and Public Announcements.....................    A-52
Section 10.06           Additional Agreements.......................................    A-52
Section 10.07           Notices.....................................................    A-52
Section 10.08           Assignment..................................................    A-53
Section 10.09           Rules of Interpretation.....................................    A-53
Section 10.10           
Governing Law...............................................    A-54
Section 10.11           Counterparts................................................    A-54

Section 10.12           Headings; Internal References...............................    A-54
Section 10.13           Entire Agreement............................................    A-54
