URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1042810/000104281001500027/0001042810-01-500027.txt

SPECIAL FACTORS

BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUISITION

         On August 18, 2000, Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd., an Israeli public company,
and a group of its affiliated companies, which we refer to collectively as the
Gazit Group, acquired a controlling interest in Centrefund Realty Corporation
through a public tender offer.
Gazit-Globe is one of our principal stockholders
and is under the control of our chairman and chief executive officer, Chaim
Katzman.
Upon completion of the tender offer, Mr. Katzman became chairman of the
board of directors of Centrefund.

         
Effective as of August 18, 2000, we were retained by CEFUS as asset
manager for 28 of CEFUS' properties in Texas and Florida until November 30, 2000
and thereafter for all of the Texas properties and one property in Florida.
In
addition, effective December 1, 2000 we became property manager for 11 of CEFUS'
Florida properties under a separate property management agreement.
Effective
January 1, 2001, we became asset manager for the nine joint venture properties
in which CEFUS had an equity investment.

         
Mr. Katzman believed that it would be in our best interest to expand
our property portfolio in the southern United States.
It was believed that
CEFUS' Florida properties would fit well with our existing portfolio while
CEFUS' Texas properties offered geographic diversification and potentially
higher rates of growth.
Accordingly, Mr. Katzman, together with members of our
management, began during the third and fourth quarters of 2000 to consider an
acquisition by us of the United States properties of Centrefund, which were all
owned by CEFUS.

         
At our November 13, 2000 board meeting, Mr. Katzman formally proposed
to our board that an acquisition of CEFUS be explored and an initial discussion
of the merits of this transaction was conducted.
In addition, our board, with
the assistance of our legal counsel, also reviewed potential conflicts of
interest arising from the fact that three of our directors, Messrs. Katzman,
Hetz and Segal, were directors, and in the case of Messrs. Katzman and Segal,
members of management of Centrefund, as well as holders of significant interests
in the equity of both us and Centrefund.
As a result, the board created a
special committee, composed of Messrs. Ben Ozer, Chase, Cooney (as chairman of
the special committee), Linneman and Pilpel.
The special committee was directed
to review the proposed acquisition of CEFUS by us, to retain independent
financial advisors to advise the special committee as to the fairness of the
proposed transaction to our unaffiliated stockholders, to retain counsel, to
direct the negotiation of the price and terms of the proposed acquisition of
CEFUS and to report its findings and recommendations to our board.

         
In evaluating the scope of its duties, the special committee believed
that it would be appropriate for it to consider and approve the property
management agreement and the asset management agreement with CEFUS.
At its
initial meeting, on November 13, 2000, the special committee considered and
approved the terms of those agreements.
In addition, UBS Warburg made a
presentation to the special committee regarding its qualifications to act as
independent financial advisor to the special committee and Greenberg Traurig,
P.A. made a similar presentation with respect to its qualifications to serve as
legal counsel to the committee.

         
Financial, accounting and legal due diligence of CEFUS and its
properties commenced immediately after the November 13, 2000 meeting of the
special committee.
On December 4, 2000, Equity One and Centrefund entered into a
confidentiality agreement and our due diligence review continued.
From January 8
through 11, 2001, members of our senior management and representatives of our
legal advisors and independent accountants met in North Miami Beach with
representatives of Centrefund and its legal advisors and independent accountants
for initial discussions regarding the structure, financial terms and procedural
aspects of the transaction.
In the meantime, both parties continued their due
diligence reviews.
UBS Warburg was formally engaged as the special committee's
financial advisor on February 14, 2001.

         
At its meeting on February 23, 2001, the board of directors discussed
the general status of the proposed transaction with Centrefund.
The special
committee also met separately to discuss the status of the transaction, and at
that meeting received presentations from representatives of UBS Warburg and our
management regarding CEFUS' properties, financial position and value, as well as
the impact of the acquisition on our business from a financial point of view.
At
a telephonic meeting held on February 26, 2001, the special committee met with
members of our management and representatives of UBS Warburg and its legal
advisors to discuss valuation issues and to instruct management with respect to
impending negotiations with Centrefund.
Initial negotiations between

members of our management and representatives of Centrefund were held in North
Miami Beach on February 28, 2001.
Messrs. Katzman, Segal and Hetz were excluded
from all meetings and deliberations of our management regarding the acquisition
and all meetings and deliberations of the special committee and were not
provided any of the materials or analyses prepared by the financial advisors to
the special committee or by our management, at the request of the special
committee on advice of counsel.

         
During March 2001, members of our management conducted additional
discussions with representatives of Centrefund regarding the structure, pricing
and terms of the proposed transaction, as well as the relative net asset values
of us and CEFUS.
In addition, each side continued its due diligence review of
the other.
The special committee met telephonically seven more times between
February 28 and April 2, 2001 to receive reports from members of our management
and, in some cases, representatives of UBS Warburg, on the status of the
transaction, the due diligence reviews and the relative values of us and CEFUS,
and to instruct management regarding the negotiations.

         
An initial draft of the stock exchange agreement was distributed to
Centrefund's counsel on April 4, 2001.
On April 5, 2001, discussions between our
management and representatives of Centrefund resulted in a tentative agreement
on the number of shares to be issued by us as well as a tentative agreement on
other economic terms and adjustments.

         
Between April 11 and April 26, 2001, comments on and revised drafts of
the stock exchange agreement were exchanged by the parties' respective counsel.

Also during this period, the special committee held three telephonic meetings,
together with its counsel and representatives of UBS Warburg, to receive updates
on the status of the negotiations of the stock exchange agreement, the results
of the ongoing due diligence review of CEFUS, as well as open business issues
and procedural aspects of the proposed transaction.
Legal counsel received
specific instructions from the special committee on the issues still being
negotiated.

         
On April 30 and May 1 our legal counsel and Centrefund's legal counsel
met in Miami, Florida to further negotiate the terms of the stock exchange
agreement with telephonic participation by our and CEFUS' management.
During
these discussions additional adjustments to the financial terms were tentatively
agreed upon.

         
Negotiation of the terms of the transaction and drafting of the stock
exchange agreement continued until May 8, 2001.
At a meeting on that date,
members of our senior management updated the special committee on the status and
terms of the proposed transaction and the proposed stock exchange agreement.

Representatives of UBS Warburg discussed UBS Warburg's financial analyses
relating to the proposed transaction.
Our legal advisors also reviewed in detail
the terms of the stock exchange agreement and other legal aspects of the
proposed transaction.
In addition, UBS Warburg delivered its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing as of that date, that, subject to and based on
the considerations in its opinion, the consideration to be paid by us pursuant
to the stock exchange agreement is fair from a financial point of view to our
unaffiliated stockholders.
After discussion, the special committee unanimously
determined that the transaction was in our best interests, that the transaction
was fair to our unaffiliated stockholders, to approve the transaction and that
the special committee should recommend to our board of directors that it approve
the proposed acquisition of CEFUS and recommend the transaction to our
stockholders.

         
Final approval of the proposed transaction was held in abeyance until
May 18, 2001 while Centrefund reviewed the transaction.
On that date, at a
special telephonic meeting of our board of directors, the findings of the
special committee were reported to the board and representatives of UBS Warburg
confirmed to the board the fairness opinion previously delivered to the special
committee.
After discussion, the board determined to accept the special
committee's report and that the stock exchange agreement and the acquisition of
CEFUS were in our best interests and the best interests of our unaffiliated
stockholders.
The board also resolved to recommend that our stockholders approve
the issuance of 10,500,000 shares of our common stock, subject to reduction for
various adjustments, in connection with our acquisition of all of the
outstanding common stock of CEFUS.

         
Equity One, Centrefund and First Capital executed the stock exchange
agreement on May 18, 2001 and press releases announcing the transaction were
issued.

    
THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE'S AND THE BOARD'S RECOMMENDATION

         GENERAL.
The special committee and the board have each determined that
the acquisition is fair to, and in the best interests of, our unaffiliated
stockholders.
Upon the special committee's recommendation, the board has
approved and adopted the stock exchange agreement and recommended that the
stockholders approve our issuance of common stock pursuant to the terms of that
agreement.
Certain members of the board will have a financial interest in the
acquisition that may present them with actual or potential conflicts of interest
as discussed under "--Conflicts of Interest.
"

         PRINCIPAL FACTORS.
The material factors the special committee evaluated
in determining that the acquisition is fair to, and in the best interests of,
our unaffiliated stockholders are described below.
Except as noted below, the
special committee considered the following factors to be positive factors
supporting its determination that the acquisition is fair, and in the best
interests of, our unaffiliated stockholders:

         o   INCREASE OUR SIZE.
After the acquisition, we would wholly own 61
             properties, increasing our gross leasable area from 3.3 million
             square feet to 6.5 million square feet.
In addition, we will own
             partial interests in nine other properties.

         
o   IMPROVE OUR FLORIDA PORTFOLIO.
The acquisition of CEFUS' Florida
             properties would strengthen our Florida portfolio, making us the
             third largest shopping center owner among the public REITs in
             Florida.

         
o   IMPROVE OUR LONG-TERM GROWTH POTENTIAL.
CEFUS' portfolio properties
             are generally located in areas of higher population growth than
             ours and have higher vacancy rates which may provide greater
             marketing potential.

         
o   INCREASE DIVERSIFICATION.
Because all of our properties are located
             in Florida, the acquisition of properties in Texas would diversify
             our overall portfolio and make us less vulnerable to a single
             region's economic conditions.
In addition, our economic exposure to
             the success of any one tenant will be reduced.

         
o   OPERATIONAL SYNERGIES.
Because we manage a number of CEFUS'
             properties, we can acquire its business and properties with very
             limited incremental overhead expenses.


In addition, the special committee considered the following factors to be risks
to be balanced against the positive factors:

         o   NEW MARKET RISKS.
Acquiring the Texas properties may place stress
             on our existing management because of the distance of its
             operations and different market risk.

         
o   PORTFOLIO SPECIFIC RISKS.
Two of the CEFUS properties are affected
             by environmental clean up issues.
In addition, the value of the
             acquisition depends on the sale or repositioning of several Texas
             properties to increase their operating performance.

         
o   DEVELOPMENTAL RISKS.
We currently have minimal development
             activities; however, we would assume several projects which are
             being developed by CEFUS.

         
o   STOCK OVERHANG.
Although Centrefund is receiving restricted
             securities which it cannot immediately sell, it has the right to
             demand that we register its shares on up to four occasions, and we
             anticipate that it will likely sell some of its shares over time
             which could depress the price of our stock.

         
o   INCREASED LEVERAGE.
CEFUS has more debt as a percent of its assets
             than we currently do.
Therefore, the acquisition will likely
             decrease our ratio of operating income to interest expense.

         
o   CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS -- DEFERRED MAINTENANCE COSTS AND
             ENVIRONMENTAL CLEAN-UP.
CEFUS' properties may require up to
             approximately $1.6 million in deferred maintenance and up to
             approximately $2.3 million in environmental-related costs, such as
             legal expenses and costs of environmental clean-up.

         
Based on the foregoing, on May 8, 2001, the special committee
determined that the acquisition is fair to, and in the best interests of, our
unaffiliated stockholders and recommended that the board approve the acquisition
and recommended that our stockholders approve the issuance of our common stock
pursuant to the terms of the stock exchange agreement.

         
The board approved the acquisition on May 18, 2001 and determined that
the acquisition is fair to, and in the best interests of, our stockholders and
resolved to recommend that our stockholders approve the issuance of our common
stock pursuant to the terms of the stock exchange agreement.

         
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS APPROVE THE TRANSACTION.


OPINION OF UBS WARBURG

         Our special committee retained UBS Warburg to provide it with a
financial fairness opinion in connection with the acquisition of CEFUS.
The
special committee selected UBS Warburg to provide the opinion based on UBS
Warburg's qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of our
business and affairs.
At the meeting of the special committee on May 8, 2001,
UBS Warburg rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing as of
that date, that as of May 8, 2001, and subject to and based on the
considerations in its opinion, the consideration to be paid by Equity One
pursuant to the stock exchange agreement is fair from a financial point of view
to our stockholders other than Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd. and its affiliates.

         
The full text of UBS Warburg's opinion, dated as of May 8, 2001, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS Warburg, is
attached as APPENDIX B to this proxy statement.
We urge you to read this opinion
carefully and in its entirety.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.

         
UBS Warburg's opinion, which was directed to the special committee,
addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration
to be paid by us pursuant to the stock exchange agreement, and does not address
any other aspect of the acquisition.
UBS Warburg acted solely as a provider of
the fairness opinion to the special committee in connection with the
acquisition.
UBS Warburg did not participate in negotiations with respect to the
stock exchange agreement and did not determine the consideration to be paid by
us.

         
UBS Warburg's opinion did not address our underlying business decision
to effect the stock exchange or constitute a recommendation to any of our
stockholders as to how a stockholder should vote with respect to the stock
exchange.
At our direction, UBS Warburg was neither asked to nor did it offer
any opinion as to the material terms of the stock exchange agreement or the form
of the stock exchange.
Furthermore, UBS Warburg expressed no opinion as to what
the value of our stock will be when issued pursuant to the stock exchange
agreement or the prices at which it will trade in the future.
In rendering its
opinion, UBS Warburg assumed, with our consent, that each of us, Centrefund and
CEFUS will comply with all the material terms of the stock exchange agreement.

         
In arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg, among other things:

         o   reviewed certain publicly available business and historical
             financial information relating to each of us, Centrefund and CEFUS;

         o   reviewed certain internal financial information and other data
             relating to our business and financial prospects, including
             estimates and financial forecasts prepared by our management, that
             were provided to UBS Warburg by us and not publicly available;

         o   reviewed certain internal financial information and other data
             relating to the business and financial prospects of CEFUS,
             including estimates and financial forecasts prepared by our
             management and the management of CEFUS and not publicly available;

         o   conducted discussions with members of our senior management and the
             senior management of Centrefund concerning the businesses and
             financial prospects of us and CEFUS;

         o   reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with
             respect to other companies in lines of business they believe to be
             generally comparable to ours;

         o   compared the financial terms of the acquisition with the publicly
             available financial terms of certain other transactions which UBS
             Warburg believed to be generally relevant;

         o   considered certain pro forma effects of the stock exchange on our
             financial statements;

         o   reviewed drafts of the stock exchange agreement; and

         o   conducted such other financial studies, analyses and
             investigations, and considered such other information, as UBS
             Warburg deemed necessary or appropriate.

         
In connection with its review, at our direction, UBS Warburg did not
assume any responsibility for independent verification for any of the
information reviewed by it for the purpose of its opinion and, with our consent,
relied on such information being complete and accurate in all material respects.

In addition, at our direction, UBS Warburg did not make any independent
evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, of us or CEFUS.
With respect to the financial forecasts, estimates
and pro forma effects referred to above, UBS Warburg assumed, at our direction,
that they were reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of each company as to the
future performance of their respective companies.
In addition, UBS Warburg
assumed with our approval that the future financial results referred to above
will be achieved at the times and in the amounts projected by our management.

UBS Warburg also assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals necessary for the consummation of the stock exchange will be obtained
without any material adverse effect on us, Centrefund, CEFUS and/or the
acquisition.
Further, UBS Warburg assumed with our consent that our REIT status
will be maintained following completion of the stock exchange.
UBS Warburg's
opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions
as in effect on, and the information made available to it as of, the date of its
opinion.

         
No company, transaction or business used in the analyses described
below is identical to us, CEFUS or the proposed acquisition.
Accordingly, the
analysis of the results necessarily involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and
other factors.

         
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed
by UBS Warburg in connection with its opinion.
These summaries of financial
analyses alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.

         
CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS.
Using our 2001 performance projections for us
and CEFUS, UBS Warburg prepared contribution analyses based on net asset value,
funds from operations, real estate revenue, net operating income and earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA.
A range for
net asset value was calculated based on combinations of our lowest estimates to
the highest estimates of CEFUS and vice versa.
The ranges for the remaining
earnings figures were determined from the difference between 2001 and 2002
projected performance results, as provided by us.
Following the proposed
transaction, Centrefund will control 42.1% of the resulting entity and CEFUS
will contribute 39.2% to 43.6% of net asset value, 43.4% of funds from
operations, 50.1% of real estate revenue, 47.8% of net operating income, and
49.5% of EBITDA, based on 2001 estimates provided by us.

         
NET ASSET VALUATION ANALYSIS.
Using our projections of CEFUS'
performance results for the year 2001, UBS Warburg calculated the net asset
value for CEFUS.
In so doing, UBS Warburg applied a range of capitalization
rates from 10.59% to 10.09% to our projections of CEFUS' 2001 net operating
income, assuming no additional net operating income from future acquisitions or
developments.

         
The resulting gross real estate value was added to the gross value of
CEFUS' other assets, including developments in progress, land, cash, and certain
other assets, less CEFUS' outstanding debt, adjustments for deferred maintenance
and anticipated environmental clean up and related legal fees, and certain other
liabilities, to

arrive at an equity net asset value.
This analysis indicated a net asset value
range of between $113.0 million and $125.1 million.

         COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS.
UBS Warburg compared various publicly
available information of CEFUS with publicly traded companies that share similar
characteristics with us and CEFUS.
These companies included:

                              IRT Property Company
                             JDN Realty Corporation
                            Mid-Atlantic Realty Trust
                           Regency Centers Corporation
                           Weingarten Realty Investors

         UBS Warburg arrived at a range of comparable company funds from
operation multiples by dividing each comparable company's share price, using
closing share prices as of May 4,2001, by consensus 2001 and 2002 funds from
operations per share estimates from First Call Corporation.
First Call
Corporation is a Thompson Financial company that specializes in the compilation
and statistical summarization of equity earnings estimates by institutional
research houses.
UBS Warburg's calculations resulted in a selected range of 2001
funds from operations multiples from 7.4x to 9.2x and a range of 2002 funds from
operations multiples from 6.8x to 8.5x.
In comparison, UBS Warburg observed 2001
and 2002 funds from operations multiples for CEFUS of 8.5 and 7.7, respectively,
based on our projections of 2001 and 2002 funds from operations per share
estimates provided by CEFUS, our closing share price as of May 4, 2001 of
$11.30 and an assumed issuance of 10,500,000 shares of our common stock.

         COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS.
UBS Warburg reviewed comparable
transactions involving REITs from 1996 to the date of its opinion.
Five
comparable transactions with equity values in excess of $100 million were
selected.
The comparable transactions include the following pending and
completed transactions:

                  o   Kranzco Realty Trust and CV REIT
                  o   Bradley Real Estate, Inc. and Heritage Properties
                      Investment Trust, Inc.
                  o   Western Properties Trust and Pan Pacific Retail Properties
                  o   First Washington Realty Trust Inc. and CalPERS
                  o   Burnham Pacific Properties, Inc. and Weingarten Realty
                      Investors

         For each closed transaction, UBS Warburg calculated the forward funds
from operations multiple at the closing of the respective transaction defined as
the price of the target company on the closing date of the transaction divided
by the most recent consensus funds from operations estimate at the time of the
closing.
UBS Warburg observed a range of forward funds from operations multiples
at closing from 4.4x to 10.1x compared to an assumed 8.5x forward multiple for
CEFUS, based on an assumed price of $11.20 for our stock divided by our estimate
of forward funds from operations for CEFUS.

         
For each transaction, UBS Warburg determined EBITDA multiples,
calculated by dividing the enterprise value, or the equity consideration plus
debt assumed less cash assumed, by EBITDA produced by the target company over
the last quarter annualized.
UBS Warburg observed a range of EBITDA multiples
from 10.1x to 11.9x compared to an assumed EBITDA multiple of 9.8x for CEFUS,
based on an assumed price of $11.20 for our stock and on reported EBITDA for
CEFUS for the first quarter of 2001.

         
PRO FORMA MERGER ANALYSIS.
UBS Warburg analyzed the effect of the stock
exchange on, among other things, the estimated First Call funds from operations
per fully diluted share of our common stock, for the years ending December 31,
2001 and 2002.
In doing so, UBS Warburg combined the projected operating results
for us and CEFUS as well as additional costs related to the transaction in
accordance with estimates provided by our management.
UBS Warburg observed a
total projected post-acquisition incremental accretion of less than $0.0035 and
$0.0259 per share for 2001 and 2002, respectively.
The analysis assumed a
transaction closing date of September 30, 2001.

         
UBS Warburg also analyzed the effect of the stock exchange on our pro
forma equity market capitalization, total market capitalization and leverage
ratios.
In this regard, UBS Warburg noted that:

         o   our pro forma equity market capitalization would be approximately
             $278.9 million, assuming a share price of $11.20 and assuming
             approximately 24.9 million shares of our common stock are
             outstanding after completion of the stock exchange, and the pro
             forma total market capitalization would be approximately $552.4
             million; and

         o   our debt to total market capitalization ratio, based on the
             assumptions noted above, would rise, upon completion of the stock
             exchange, from 41.9% before the stock exchange to 49.5% after the
             assumption of CEFUS' outstanding debt and for the payment of the
             transaction costs.

         
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description.
In
arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis
or factor considered by it.
UBS Warburg believes that the summary provided and
the analyses described above must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of these analyses, without considering all of them, would create an
incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion.
In addition,
UBS Warburg may have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than
other analyses and factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions, so that the range of valuations resulting from
any particular analysis described above should therefore not be taken to be UBS
Warburg's view of the actual value of CEFUS or us.

         
In performing its analyses, UBS Warburg made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond our control and the control of CEFUS.

Any estimates contained in UBS Warburg's analysis are not necessarily indicative
of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these estimates.
The analyses performed were
prepared solely as a part of UBS Warburg's analysis of the fairness from a
financial point of view of the consideration to be paid by us pursuant to the
stock exchange agreement and were conducted in connection with the delivery by
UBS Warburg of its opinion dated May 8, 2001, to the special committee.
UBS
Warburg's analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at
which shares of our common stock might actually trade.
The consideration to be
paid by us in the stock exchange agreement was determined through negotiations
between us and CEFUS and was approved by our special committee.
UBS Warburg did
not recommend any specific consideration to us or that any given consideration
constituted the only appropriate consideration for the acquisition of CEFUS.

         
UBS Warburg's opinion was one of the many factors taken into
consideration by the special committee in making its determination to approve
the acquisition of CEFUS.
UBS Warburg's analyses summarized above should not be
viewed as determinative of the opinion of the special committee with respect to
the value of CEFUS or of whether the special committee would have been willing
to agree to a different form of consideration.

         
UBS Warburg is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
UBS Warburg, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
In the past, UBS Warburg and its affiliates have provided financial
advisory and financing services to us and our affiliates and have received
customary fees for the rendering of these services.
Specifically, in August
2000, UBS Warburg represented Gazit (1997), Inc., a Canadian holding company
controlled by Chaim Katzman, in its successful acquisition of Centrefund.
In the
ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg may from time to time trade in the
securities of or indebtedness of us and Centrefund for its own account, the
accounts of investment funds and other clients under the management of UBS
Warburg and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in these securities or indebtedness.

         
We have agreed to pay UBS Warburg aggregate fees of $600,000 in
connection with the issuance of its opinion.
We have also agreed to reimburse
UBS Warburg for its expenses incurred in performing its services and to
indemnify UBS Warburg and its affiliates, their respective directors, officers,
agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling UBS Warburg or any of
its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including

certain liabilities under federal securities laws, related to or arising out of
UBS Warburg's engagement and any related transactions.


CONFLICTS OF INTEREST AND CERTAIN BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS

         In considering the board's recommendation that you approve the issuance
of our common stock pursuant to the terms of the stock exchange agreement, you
should be aware that at least three of our directors have interests that are
different from yours as an unaffiliated stockholder.

         
Chaim Katzman is our chairman of the board and chief executive officer.

As a result of his direct and indirect interests in several companies, he may
currently be deemed to be the beneficial owner of approximately 67.4% of our
outstanding common stock.
Mr. Katzman is also the chairman of the board of
Centrefund and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of approximately 68.1%
of the outstanding common stock of Centrefund.
Consummation of the acquisition
will, therefore, likely increase Mr. Katzman's beneficial ownership of our
company to approximately 82%.
Mr. Katzman acquired his position and his
controlling interest in Centrefund as a result of a public tender offer
completed on August 18, 2000 by Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd., an Israeli public
company, and a group of its affiliated companies.
Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd. is one
of our principal stockholders and is under the control of Mr. Katzman who is its
chairman and chief executive officer and who is chairman and chief executive
officer of certain of its affiliates.

         
Dori Segal is a member of our board and the president and a director of
Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd.
He is also the president and chief executive officer and
a director of Centrefund.
In addition, Dori Segal and members of his family own
common stock of an affiliate of Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd. which owns common stock
of Centrefund.

         
Nathan Hetz is a member of our board as well as a member of the board
of directors of Centrefund.
Mr. Hetz is chief executive officer of, and may be
deemed to jointly control, Alony Hetz Properties & Investments, Ltd., which is a
significant stockholder in our company.
He is also a director and significant
shareholder of A.H. Holdings Canada Ltd. which owns approximately 19% of the
outstanding common stock of Centrefund.
Alony Hetz Properties & Investments Ltd.
currently owns or has the right to acquire approximately 14% of the outstanding
shares of our company and has the obligation to purchase, on or before August
17, 2001, 925,000 additional shares.
Upon acquiring these additional shares,
Alony Hetz Properties & Investments Ltd. will own approximately 20% of our
common stock.

         
As part of the transaction with Alony Hetz Properties & Investments
Ltd., we agreed to expand our board of directors to include two directors
designated by them, one of whom is Nathan Hetz and another of whom must be an
independent director.
Alony Hetz has appointed Peter Linneman as its
independent designee.

         
CEFUS and Equity One Realty & Management, Inc., our wholly owned
subsidiary, are parties to an asset management agreement that was effective as
of August 18, 2000 and a property management agreement that was effective as of
December 1, 2000.
Pursuant to these agreements, Equity One Realty & Management
curently provides asset management services to CEFUS for its properties in Texas
and one Florida property and property management services to CEFUS for eleven of
its properties in Florida.
Equity One Realty & Management is entitled to receive
quarterly asset management fees equal to 0.1% of the book value of enumerated
properties and a monthly property management fee equal to 3% of the minimum and
percentage rents collected by it.
Additionally, under the property management
agreement, Equity One Realty & Management is entitled to a $3.00 per square foot
lease commission for each lease to a new tenant and $1.00 per square foot
commission for each renewal of any existing lease.
It is responsible for
administering lease agreements for CEFUS and is paid fees for these services.

Currently, the fees range between $750 and $4,500 per lease.
For each lease
assignment, renewal or amendment during its service as property manager, Equity
One Realty & Management is to be paid a fee of $1,000 for lease administration.

In the event that any of the CEFUS properties are sold during the term of the
agreement, Equity One Realty & Management is to receive a sales advisory fee of
one-quarter of one percent of the gross sales price.
Additionally, if any of the
CEFUS properties are financed or refinanced, CEFUS shall pay a mortgage advisory
fee of one-quarter of one percent of the principal amount of the loan.
The terms
of these agreements, including the amounts of fees payable, were determined by
arm's-length negotiations, and we believe that the fees are consistent with fees
charged by other third-party asset and property managers.
Through March 31,
2001, we have received approximately $831,000 in fees from these agreements.

These agreements will terminate on December 31, 2001, unless terminated earlier
pursuant to their terms.
If these agreements continue after closing of the
acquisition, the revenues attributed to them will be eliminated when we
consolidate CEFUS' financial results with our own.

                                 
THE ACQUISITION

BASIC TERMS OF ACQUISITION

         
The stock exchange agreement provides that we will acquire all of the
outstanding common stock of CEFUS in exchange for 10,500,000 shares of our
common stock, subject to reduction for various adjustments, and that following
the acquisition, CEFUS will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours.

         
The terms of and conditions to the acquisition are contained in the
stock exchange agreement which is included in full as APPENDIX A to this proxy
statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
The discussion in this proxy
statement of the acquisition and the summary description of the principal terms
of the stock exchange agreement are subject to and qualified in their entirety
by reference to the more complete information set forth in the stock exchange
agreement.


CEFUS DISTRIBUTIONS

         Centrefund and First Capital agreed that, from January 1, 2001 through
and including the closing date of the acquisition, Centrefund and First Capital
shall have been entitled to receive from CEFUS and its subsidiaries:

         o   distributions payable in cash, shares, stock or property from CEFUS
             and its subsidiaries equal to amounts advanced or contributed to
             CEFUS and its subsidiaries, whether by way of equity or debt, from
             January 1, 2001 through the closing date of the acquisition; PLUS

         o   $4,760,000, if the acquisition closes on or before September 14, or
             $7,490,000 if it closes after September 14, 2001, subject, in both
             cases, to some adjustments set forth in the stock exchange
             agreement; MINUS

         o   all fees, costs and expenses, including legal and accounting fees,
             costs and expenses, paid or incurred by CEFUS in connection with or
             related to the CEFUS restructuring contemplated in the stock
             exchange agreement.

         
Due to the fact that some of these items will not be determinable at
closing, the parties agreed to make an estimate of them and, if appropriate,
reduce the number of our shares being issued at closing accordingly or make a
cash payment to CEFUS.
Within 45 days after the closing, the parties have agreed
to make a definitive reconciliation of these amounts and, if any amounts are
owing to CEFUS, Centrefund and First Capital have agreed to promptly make a
payment in cash of the amounts owing.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         The Centrefund parties, which include Centrefund, CEFUS and First
Capital, made representations and warranties in the stock exchange agreement
regarding, among other things, their authority to enter into the stock exchange
agreement, the absence of violations of, conflicts with or defaults under
applicable laws, their organizational documents and material agreements of
theirs, their investment in our common stock, the shares of CEFUS common stock
to be acquired by us, the accuracy of information supplied to us, the receipt of
a fairness opinion by Centrefund's board of directors, absence of brokers' fees,
as well as representation and warranties regarding the business of CEFUS,
including, its due organization, qualification to do business and good standing,
its subsidiaries, material governmental compliance, title to real property,
financial statements, absence of certain changes since December 31, 2000,
absence of undisclosed liabilities, compliance with applicable laws, solvency,
tax matters, personal property assets, material contracts, existing debt,
insurance, litigation, employees, employee benefits, environmental and health
and safety matters, related party transactions and intellectual property.

         
In addition, we made representations and warranties in the stock
exchange agreement regarding, among other things, our organization and good
standing, capitalization, authority to enter into the transaction, receipt of a
fairness opinion, the absence of violations of, conflicts with or defaults under
applicable laws, our organizational documents and material agreements of ours,
absence of brokers' fees, the accuracy of information supplied by us and
provided in reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, our investment in CEFUS common stock, litigation, undisclosed
liabilities, the listing of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange,
title to our real property, subsidiaries, financial statements, absence of
certain changes since

December 31, 2000, material governmental compliance, tax matters, personal
property assets, material contracts, existing debt, insurance, employee
benefits, labor matter, environmental and health and safety matters and related
party transactions.

         
The representations and warranties of the parties in the stock exchange
agreement will survive the consummation of the acquisition, and each of the
parties shall indemnify the other parties for any adverse consequence suffered
by the indemnified parties as a result of a breach of those representations and
warranties.
See "THE ACQUISITION --- Indemnification and Survival."

COVENANTS

         The parties to the stock exchange agreement agreed as follows with
respect to the period between the execution of the agreement and the closing of
the acquisition:

         o   The Centrefund parties agreed to deliver to us unaudited
             consolidated balance sheets and statements of income, changes in
             stockholders' equity, and cash flow of CEFUS as of and for the
             three months ended March 31, 2001.

         
o   We agreed to deliver to Centrefund all pro forma financial
             statements and all audited consolidated financial statements
             included in this proxy statement along with the form of this proxy
             statement.

         
o   We also agreed to deliver to Centrefund the pro forma financial
             statements and data included in the financial statements included
             in this proxy statement for the period ended December 31, 2000
             reconciled to Canadian GAAP.

         
o   Each of the parties agreed to use commercially reasonably efforts
             to take all actions and to do all things necessary, proper, or
             advisable in order to consummate the acquisition.

         
o   We agreed to hold the special meeting to approve the issuance of
             our common stock pursuant to the stock exchange agreement and
             Centrefund agreed to call a meeting of its stockholders for the
             purpose of obtaining the approval of the acquisition by its
             unaffiliated stockholders.

         
o   Each of the parties agreed to cooperate to identify all necessary
             and appropriate notices and consents of third parties required to
             be given or obtained in connection with the acquisition and to give
             all the notices and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
             all consents which the other party reasonably requests.

         
o   We agreed to use reasonable efforts to keep our businesses,
             properties, business organizations and goodwill substantially
             intact, including our present operations, physical facilities,
             working conditions, and relationships with lessors, tenants,
             licensors, suppliers, developers, customers, and employees, and not
             to

             -   except in the ordinary course of business, redeem, purchase, or
                 otherwise offer to purchase or acquire any of our common stock
                 or otherwise take any action out of the ordinary course of
                 business;

             -   except in the ordinary course of business, amend or propose to
                 amend our formation documents, by-laws, existing option plans
                 or the terms of any outstanding options, warrants, calls,
                 conversion privileges or rights of any kind to acquire capital
                 stock;

             -   except as disclosed in our public filings, issue, sell,
                 transfer, mortgage, or encumber any additional shares of, or
                 any options, warrants, calls, conversion privileges or rights
                 to acquire shares of our common stock or, except in the
                 ordinary course of business, any of our assets or real or
                 personal properties;

             -   split, combine or reclassify any of our common stock;

             -   declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution,
                 except for our normal quarterly distributions to stockholders;

             -   reorganize, amalgamate or merge us or any of our subsidiaries
                 with any other company;

             -   incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee
                 or become liable for the obligations of any other company, or
                 issue or sell any debt securities or grant any security of any
                 material assets except for enumerated existing commitments and
                 the incurrence of indebtedness in connection with acquisitions
                 of real property in the ordinary course of business; or

             -   enter into any transaction which is material to us, including
                 any material acquisition of all of the stock or substantially
                 all of the assets of another company.

         
o   The Centrefund parties agreed to use commercially reasonable
             efforts to keep CEFUS' businesses, properties, business
             organizations and goodwill substantially intact, including its
             present operations, physical facilities, working conditions, and
             relationships with lessors, tenants, licensors, suppliers,
             developers, customers, and employees, and not to cause or permit
             CEFUS or any of its subsidiaries to

             -   issue, redeem, purchase, or otherwise acquire any of its common
                 stock or otherwise take any action out of the ordinary course
                 of business;

             -   amend or propose to amend its constating documents or by-laws;

             -   issue, sell, transfer, mortgage, or encumber any additional
                 shares of, or any options, warrants, calls, conversion
                 privileges or rights to acquire shares of its common stock or
                 any of its assets or real or personal properties;

             -   split, combine or reclassify any of its common stock;

             -   declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution,
                 except as otherwise permitted by the stock exchange agreement;

             -   reorganize, amalgamate or merge CEFUS or any of its
                 subsidiaries with any other company;

             -   incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee
                 or become liable for the obligations of any other company, or
                 issue or sell any debt securities or grant any security of any
                 material assets except borrowing for working capital in the
                 ordinary course of its business enumerated existing commitments
                 and the incurrence of indebtedness in connection with
                 acquisitions of real property in the ordinary course of
                 business; or

             -   enter into any transaction which is material to CEFUS,
                 including any material acquisition of all of the stock or
                 substantially all of the assets of another company.

         
o   The Centrefund parties agreed to keep us apprised of the actions
             being taken with respect to the winding up of two of the
             subsidiaries of CEFUS and agreed not to take any actions, except
             for certain permitted actions, with respect to the winding up of
             those subsidiaries other than in accordance with the related
             agreements, without our prior approval, which approval may not be
             unreasonably withheld or delayed.

         
o   The Centrefund parties agreed to permit our representatives to have
             full access to the premises, properties, personnel, books, records,
             contracts, and documents pertaining to CEFUS.
In addition, we
             agreed to permit representatives of the Centrefund parties to have
             full access to our premises, properties, personnel, books, records,
             contracts, and documents pertaining to us.

         
o   Each party agreed to give prompt written notice to the other
             parties of any breach of any of its own representations, warranties
             or covenants under the stock exchange agreement.

         
o   The Centrefund parties will consult with us regarding the actions
             contemplated to effect a proposed restructuring of CEFUS and will
             cause that restructuring to be completed prior to the closing of
             the acquisition.

         
o   The Centrefund parties agreed to cause each of the CEFUS
             subsidiaries that has earnings and profits to distribute them so
             each would not have any earnings and profits for U.S. federal
             income tax purposes as of the closing date.
They also agreed to
             cause CEFUS to make distributions to its parent company in an
             amount to be estimated and agreed upon by all of the parties in
             order to prevent it from having any earnings and profits for U.S.
             federal income tax purposes as of the closing date.

         
o   The parties also agreed to consult with each other in issuing any
             press releases or making any other public communications or
             statements in respect of the agreement or the acquisition.


The parties also agreed as follows with respect to the period following the
closing of the acquisition:

         o   We agreed to use our reasonable commercial efforts to maintain the
             listing of our outstanding common stock on the New York Stock
             Exchange.

         
o   Each of the parties agreed to provide information and to take such
             further action as any other party reasonably may request that is
             necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of the stock
             exchange agreement.
In addition, the Centrefund parties acknowledge
             and agree that we will be entitled to possession of all documents,
             books, records, agreements and financial data relating to CEFUS,
             and we agreed to provide the Centrefund parties with reasonable
             access to our documents, books and records for tax or corporate
             compliance purposes.

         
o   Each of the parties agreed to cooperate with any other party and
             its counsel in the contest or defense of any action, suit,
             proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim or
             demand in connection with the acquisition or any situation,
             circumstance or event on or prior to the closing of the acquisition
             involving CEFUS and will make available its personnel, and provide
             such testimony and access to its books and records as shall be
             necessary or desirable in connection with the contest or defense or
             situation, circumstance or event.

         
o   Neither of the Centrefund parties will take any action that is
             designed, intended or likely to have the effect of discouraging any
             lessor, tenant, licensor, customer, developer, supplier, or other
             business associate of CEFUS or any of its subsidiaries from
             maintaining the same business relationships with CEFUS and its
             subsidiaries after the closing of the acquisition as it maintained
             with them prior to the closing.
The Centrefund parties will refer
             all customer inquiries relating to the businesses of CEFUS to us
             from and after the closing of the acquisition.

         
o   Each of the parties agreed to treat and hold all confidential
             information provided or made available by the other parties,
             refrain from using any confidential information except in
             connection with the stock exchange agreement, and if the
             acquisition is terminated, deliver to the other or destroy all
             confidential information which is in their possession.

         
o   After the closing of the acquisition, each party shall, at the
             request of any other party authorize CEFUS' past and present
             independent auditors and accounting personnel to make available all
             financial information, including the examination of all working
             papers pertaining to audits or reviews made by such auditors, and
             provide reasonable cooperation in connection with any audit or
             review of CEFUS and its subsidiaries.

         
o   The Centrefund parties agreed not to take any action, or fail to
             take any action, with respect to corporate taxes, if that action or
             inaction would have an adverse effect on us on or after the closing
             of the acquisition.

         
o   We agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to operate in a
             manner that will not cause us to be classified other than as a
             REIT.

         
o   We agreed that for so long as the Centrefund parties own at least
             20% of our common stock, we will provide to Centrefund copies of
             our consolidated quarterly unaudited financial statements prepared
             in accordance with Canadian GAAP and our consolidated annual
             unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with Canadian
             GAAP.

         
o   We agreed that our present intention is to use commercially
             reasonable efforts to continue to pay dividends in respect of our
             common stock at levels at least equal to those paid in the past.

         
o   We agreed that, for a period of one year after the closing of the
             acquisition, we will not dispose of more than two thirds of the
             assets of CEFUS, in a manner that would constitute the
             discontinuance of CEFUS' historic business or the failure to use
             CEFUS' business assets in our business, within the meaning of the
             applicable regulations.

         
o   Each of the parties acknowledged and agreed that to the extent
             there is any refund of applicable taxes paid by CEFUS or its
             subsidiaries, the refund shall be paid to such company, regardless
             of the time such refund is made.

         
o   We covenanted and agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts
             after the closing not to take any action, or fail to take any
             action, if that action or inaction would cause the transaction to
             fail to constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section
             368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.


NON-SOLICITATION COVENANT

         We, CEFUS and First Capital agreed that each of us will not solicit,
initiate, or encourage the submission of any proposal or offer from any other
company relating to the acquisition of any capital stock or other voting
securities, or any substantial portion of the assets of CEFUS or its
subsidiaries or us or our subsidiaries or participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, furnish any information with respect to, assist or
participate in, or facilitate in any other manner any effort or attempt by any
company to do or seek any similar kind of acquisition proposal; provided that we
may continue discussions with respect to acquisitions of the capital stock or
assets of other public companies as long as we do not enter into any transaction
without the prior written consent of Centrefund.
Each party has agreed to notify
the other parties immediately if any company makes any acquisition proposal,
offer, inquiry, or contact.


INDEMNIFICATION AND SURVIVAL

         The stock exchange agreement provides that all of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties shall survive the closing of
the acquisition for the applicable statutes of limitations.
However, no claim
for indemnification for a breach of a representation or warranty under the
agreement, other than representations regarding corporate authority and
organization, tax and capitalization, shall be made after the date 18 months
after the closing of the acquisition.
Claims for indemnification for breaches of
representations regarding corporate authority and organization, tax and
capitalization may be made at any time following the closing prior to the
expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.

         
In the event that a Centrefund party breaches any of its
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the stock
exchange agreement, the Centrefund parties shall jointly and severally indemnify
us and each of our officers, directors, employees, representatives and
affiliates from and against adverse consequences suffered as a result of the
breach.
In addition, the Centrefund parties shall jointly and severally
indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, representatives and
affiliates from and against any adverse consequences suffered as a result of any
liability of CEFUS for any corporate taxes with respect to any tax year or
portion of a year ending on or before the closing of the acquisition, to the
extent those taxes are not reflected in the reserve for tax liability shown on
the face of the financial statements of CEFUS, as of December 31, 2000, and for
any taxes payable by CEFUS or its subsidiaries because the acquisition failed to
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of the tax code by reason of any
action of the Centrefund parties.

         
The Centrefund parties have no obligation to indemnify us for any
adverse consequences resulting from breaches of the representations and
warranties of the Centrefund parties regarding real property, events subsequent
to December 31, 2000, undisclosed liabilities, compliance with laws, material
contracts, power of attorney, insurance, litigation, and environmental, health
and safety matters if the circumstances or events giving rise to the adverse
consequences:

         o   occurred after August 15, 2000,

         o   related to the properties managed by us; and

         o   were not actually known by the present directors or officers of the
             Centrefund parties.

         
If we breach any of our representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements contained in the stock exchange agreement, then we must indemnify the
Centrefund parties and each of their officers, directors, employees,
representatives and affiliates from and against any adverse consequences
suffered as result of the breach.

         
The indemnification provisions contained in the stock exchange
agreement are in addition to any statutory, equitable, or common law remedy any
party may have with respect to CEFUS or the acquisition.


CONDITIONS

         Each party's respective obligation to effect the acquisition is subject
to the satisfaction, at or prior to the closing, of each of the following
conditions, any or all of which may be waived at the appropriate party's
discretion, to the extent permitted by applicable law:

         o   our stockholders shall have approved the issuance of the shares of
             our common stock pursuant to the terms of the stock exchange
             agreement;

         o   the Centrefund parties shall have received the requisite approval
             of the Centrefund stockholders other than the Gazit-Globe (1982)
             Ltd. and its affiliates; and

         o   the restructuring of CEFUS, incorporating the elimination of all
             related party debt, shall have been completed and all consents
             required to effect the restructuring shall have been obtained.

         
Our obligations to close the acquisition are further subject to
satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the closing of the following conditions:

         o   the representations and warranties made by the Centrefund parties
             in the stock exchange agreement shall be true and correct, in all
             material respects with respect to those representations and
             warranties that are not qualified by materiality and true and
             correct in all respects with respect to those which are qualified
             by materiality, at and as of the closing;

         o   there shall not have occurred any event or circumstance having a
             material adverse effect on CEFUS;

         o   the Centrefund parties and CEFUS shall have performed and complied
             in all material respects with all of their covenants under the
             stock exchange agreement;

         o   Centrefund and CEFUS shall have executed and delivered an
             assignment and indemnity agreement under which, in consideration of
             the assignment by CEFUS to Centrefund of all of its rights under
             the advisory agreement with CEFUS' former advisor, Centrefund
             agrees to assume all the obligations of CEFUS and indemnify CEFUS
             and its affiliates from liability arising under the advisory
             agreement, including the payment of any incentive fees owing to the
             advisor and the property manager under the terms of the advisory
             agreement;

         o   no governmental requirement shall have been proposed, enacted,
             promulgated or applied and no action, suit, or proceeding shall be
             pending or threatened before any court or quasi-judicial or
             administrative agency of any federal, state, local, or foreign
             jurisdiction, or before any arbitrator, that could prevent the
             consummation of the acquisition or impose material limitations or
             conditions on the

             acquisition or our right to own CEFUS' common stock, or cause the
             acquisition to be rescinded following consummation, or have a
             material adverse effect on CEFUS;

         o   Torys, counsel to Centrefund Realty Corporation, as well as
             Centrefund Realty Corporation's Florida counsel, shall have each
             delivered an opinion addressed to us with respect to certain legal
             matters dated as of the closing date;

         o   all actions required to be taken by the Centrefund parties pursuant
             to the stock exchange agreement and all certificates, opinions,
             instruments, and other documents required to effect the acquisition
             shall have been delivered and are reasonably satisfactory in form
             and substance to us;

         o   the Centrefund parties shall have caused CEFUS' subsidiaries to
             distribute all earnings and profits and CEFUS to distribute the
             estimated earnings and profit amount as required under the stock
             exchange agreement;

         o   all management and advisory arrangements between Centrefund and
             CEFUS shall have been terminated on or prior to the closing; and

         o   Our counsel, Greenberg Traurig, shall have delivered an opinion
             addressed to us with respect to certain tax matters, dated as of
             the closing date.

         
The obligations of the Centrefund parties to close the acquisition are
further subject to satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the closing of the
following conditions:

         o   the representations and warranties made by us in the stock exchange
             agreement shall be true and correct, in all material respects with
             respect to those representations and warranties that are not
             qualified by materiality and true and correct in all respects with
             respect to those which are qualified by materiality, at and as of
             the closing;

         o   there shall not have occurred any event or circumstance having a
             material adverse effect on us;

         o   we shall have performed and complied in all material respects with
             all of our covenants and agreements in the stock exchange
             agreement;

         o   no governmental requirement shall have been proposed, enacted,
             promulgated or applied and no action, suit, or proceeding shall be
             pending or threatened before any court or quasi-judicial or
             administrative agency of any federal, state, local, or foreign
             jurisdiction, or before any arbitrator, which could prevent
             consummation of the acquisition or impose material limitations or
             conditions on the acquisition or the right of the Centrefund
             parties to own or exercise full rights of ownership of the shares
             of our common stock, or cause the acquisition to be rescinded
             following consummation or have a material adverse effect on us;

         o   Our counsel, Greenberg Traurig, P.A., shall have delivered an
             opinion addressed to the Centrefund parties with respect to certain
             legal matters dated as of the closing date;

         o   all actions to be taken by us in connection with consummation of
             the acquisition and all certificates, opinions, instruments, and
             other documents required to effect the acquisition shall have been
             delivered and are reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
             the Centrefund parties;

         o   certificates representing the shares of our common stock to be
             issued in connection with the acquisition shall have been delivered
             at closing and those shares shall have been listed and approved for
             trading on the New York Stock Exchange upon issuance; and

         o   Torys, counsel to Centrefund Realty Corporation, shall have
             delivered an opinion addressed to Centrefund Realty Corporation
             with respect to certain tax matters, dated as of the closing date.


REGISTRATION RIGHTS

         Beginning nine months following the closing of the acquisition, the
Centrefund parties may require us, on up to four occasions, to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, permitting
the resale of the common stock issued in connection with the acquisition for
twelve consecutive months.
Each demand for registration must be for the
registration of no fewer than one million shares.
These registration rights will
be subject to our right to delay the filing of a registration statement for not
more than three months if we notify the Centrefund parties that the registration
would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on any business plan of
ours.

         
In addition, the Centrefund parties have "piggyback" registration
rights.
If we propose to register any common stock under the Securities Act, the
Centrefund parties may require us to include in the registration all or a
portion of the shares of common stock issued by us in connection with the
acquisition.
However, the managing underwriter, if any, of that offering has the
right to limit the number of shares of common stock proposed to be included in
the registration on a pro rata basis among First Capital and the other holders
of our common stock who have requested to be included in such underwritten
offering.

         
Our registration obligations will be suspended and tolled for the time
necessary, but not to exceed 120 days, so that the registered resale of the
shares issued in connection with the acquisition does not commence within 90
days after the commencement of an underwritten primary public offering of our
equity securities.
In addition, we are required to bear all registration
expenses incurred in connection with these registrations.
However, the holders
of shares registered by us will pay all underwriting discounts and selling
commissions applicable to the sale of their common stock.
We also agreed to
indemnify these holders for any damage they suffer due to any untrue statement
or omission that we make in a registration statement covering their shares.

         
The registration rights of the Centrefund parties will terminate when
all of the shares issued in connection with the acquisition may be transferred
without registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144(k).


TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

         At any time prior to the closing of the acquisition, the stock exchange
agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of us and the
Centrefund parties.

         
In addition, we may terminate the stock exchange agreement at any time
prior to the closing in the event the Centrefund parties have breached any
representation, warranty or covenant contained in the stock exchange agreement
in any material respect with respect to those representations and warranties
that are not qualified by materiality and in any respect with respect to those
representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, and the breach
has continued without cure for a period of 30 days after the notice of breach or
if the closing shall not have occurred on or before September 28, 2001, because
of the failure of any of our conditions to close to be satisfied.

         
The Centrefund parties may terminate the stock exchange agreement at
any time prior to the closing in the event we have breached any representation,
warranty, or covenant contained in this Agreement in any material respect, with
respect to those representations and warranties that are not qualified by
materiality and in any respect with respect to those representations and
warranties that are qualified by materiality and the breach has continued
without cure for a period of 30 days after the notice of breach, or if the
Centrefund parties do not receive the requisite approval of the Centrefund
stockholders, or if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before September
28, 2001, because of the failure of any of the Centrefund parties' conditions to
close to be satisfied.

         
No provision of the stock exchange agreement may be amended unless both
we and First Capital agree in writing.


EXPENSES

         To the extent not specifically set forth below, each of the parties and
CEFUS will bear its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the stock
exchange agreement and the acquisition and the parties have agreed that the
expenses allocated to CEFUS shall be determined reasonably and in good faith.

         
See "SPECIAL FACTORS--Opinion of UBS Warburg for a description of the
fees to be paid by us to UBS Warburg in connection with its engagement.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

         
We are not aware of any license or regulatory permit which is required
in connection with the acquisition or of any approval or other action by any
state, federal or foreign government or governmental agency that would be
required prior to effecting the acquisition.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

         The proposed combination of us and CEFUS is being accounted for as a
combination of entities under common control.
Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd., which for
accounting purposes may be deemed to be a 63.4% stockholder of our company,
acquired, for accounting purposes, a 68.1% interest in Centrefund Realty
Corporation, the parent of CEFUS, in August 2000.
This means that we will record
on our consolidated financial statements 68.1% of the assets and liabilities of
CEFUS as recorded on the books of Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd., and the remaining
31.9% of the assets and liabilities will be carried forward to our consolidated
financial statements at their recorded amounts on CEFUS' books.
For the period
commencing August 18, 2000, the date Gazit-Globe acquired control of Centrefund,
to the date we complete our acquisition of CEFUS, our consolidated financial
statements will be restated to include all of CEFUS' income or loss adjusted to
give effect to Gazit-Globe's purchase accounting adjustments.

                        
RIGHTS OF DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS

         The acquisition does not entitle our stockholders to dissenters'
rights.

                    
MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

         The following discussion summarizes the material US.
federal income tax
considerations arising from our acquisition of the CEFUS stock that are relevant
to you.
This discussion is not exhaustive of all possible tax considerations and
does not include a detailed discussion of any state, local or foreign tax
considerations.
In addition, the following discussion is intended to address
only those U.S. federal income tax considerations that are generally applicable
to all stockholders and does not discuss all of the aspects of U.S. federal
income taxation that may be relevant to particular stockholders in light of
their specific circumstances or to stockholders who are subject to special
treatment under U.S. federal income tax law.

         
This discussion is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, and its legislative
history, existing, temporary and proposed Treasury Regulations under the
Internal Revenue Code, existing administrative rulings and practices of the
Internal Revenue Service and judicial decisions.
No assurance can be given that
legislative, judicial or administrative changes will not affect the accuracy of
any statements in this proxy statement with respect to transactions entered into
or contemplated prior to the effective date of any such changes.
In addition, we
have not requested and do not plan to request any rulings from the Internal
Revenue Service concerning the tax considerations arising from our acquisition
of the CEFUS stock.
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the statements
set forth in this section, which do not bind the Internal Revenue Service or the
courts, will not be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service or sustained by
the courts if so challenged.

         
THIS DISCUSSION IS NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR CAREFUL TAX
PLANNING.
EACH HOLDER OF OUR SHARES IS URGED TO CONSULT HIS OR HER OWN TAX
ADVISER REGARDING THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HIM OR HER OF OUR PROPOSED
ACQUISITION OF CEFUS, INCLUDING THE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX
CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY APPLY TO THAT HOLDER.


TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION

         
Whether or not our acquisition of CEFUS qualifies as a reorganization
within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, you will not
realize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the
acquisition, and we will not realize any gain or loss as a result of the
acquisition.

         
Our acquisition of CEFUS is intended to qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Greenberg
Traurig, P.A., our counsel, and Torys, counsel to the Centrefund parties, as a
condition to the acquisition, will deliver opinions to us and to First Capital
that the acquisition should qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, based on certain factual
assumptions and on certain representations made by Centrefund, First Capital and
us.
Provided the acquisition qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, CEFUS should not recognize any gain
or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the acquisition.


DISTRIBUTIONS

         
If CEFUS, which is not a REIT, were to have any earnings and profits
for U.S. federal income tax purposes at the time we acquire its stock, we would
be required, in order to maintain our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, to distribute an amount equal to those earnings and profits before
the end of our taxable year in which the acquisition takes place.
You would
receive a portion of any such distribution, even though the distribution would
not represent any income earned by us while you held our shares, and your share
of that required distribution would be taxable to you as ordinary income.
The
stock exchange agreement requires CEFUS to calculate its earnings and profits
and to distribute an amount at least equal to those earnings and profits prior
to the completion of the acquisition.
Accordingly, so long as CEFUS' calculation
is correct, we should not be required to make any distribution in respect of
CEFUS' earnings and profits.
If for any reason CEFUS' calculation is incorrect,
we would be required to make such a distribution, and you would realize ordinary
income accordingly.

TAXABLE DISPOSITIONS OF CEFUS' ASSETS WITHIN TEN YEAR PERIOD AFTER THE
ACQUISITION

         Because CEFUS is not a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, if we
were to dispose of any of its assets in a taxable transaction during the ten
years following the acquisition, we would be subject to U.S. federal corporate
income tax, contrary to the normal rules applicable to a REIT.
In general, we
would be subject to tax at the highest regular corporate tax rate on any
built-in gain that existed with respect to the CEFUS' assets at the time of the
acquisition.
The gain recognized on such a disposition, net of any tax payable
by us, would also be subject to stockholder tax under the normal rules
applicable to gains recognized by a REIT.


CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION ON OUR QUALIFICATION AS A REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST

         As a condition to the acquisition, Greenberg Traurig, P.A., our
counsel, will deliver an opinion to Centrefund and First Capital in substance
that, we have in effect a valid election to be treated as a REIT and satisfied
all requirements for qualification as a REIT and that, to counsel's knowledge,
the acquisition will not result in the termination or revocation of that
election or otherwise cause us to cease to be treated as a REIT.
This opinion
will rely on customary representations made by us about factual matters relating
to our organization and operation.
In addition, this opinion will be based on
factual representations by us concerning our income, business and properties and
the income, business and properties of CEFUS.
If any of the factual assumptions
or representations relied on in the opinion of counsel is inaccurate, the
opinion may not accurately describe our qualification as a REIT.

         
We intend to continue to operate in a manner to qualify as a REIT
following the acquisition of CEFUS, but there is no guarantee that we will
qualify or remain qualified as a REIT.
Qualification and taxation as a REIT
depend on our ability to meet, through annual, or, in some cases, quarterly,
operating results, requirements relating to income, asset ownership,
distribution levels and diversity of share ownership, and the various REIT
qualification requirements imposed under the Internal Revenue Code.
Greenberg
Traurig will not review our compliance with these tests on a continuing basis.

Given the complex nature of the REIT qualification requirements, the ongoing
importance of factual determinations and the possibility of future changes in
our circumstances, we cannot guarantee that our actual operating results will
satisfy the requirements for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code
for any particular taxable year.

                                
BUSINESS OF CEFUS

OVERVIEW

         CEFUS concentrates its business on the acquisition and ownership of
community and neighborhood shopping centers anchored by national and regional
tenants, including supermarkets.
As an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of
Centrefund, it owns all of the U.S. real property assets of Centrefund.

         
CEFUS' primary investment objective is to create value by maximizing
cash flow from, and capital appreciation of, its real estate portfolio.
This
objective is achieved by overseeing the management of its properties and by
seeking appropriate, opportunistic acquisitions of additional properties.
As of
March 31, 2001, CEFUS owned 28 properties that included 15 supermarket-anchored
shopping centers, two drugstore-anchored shopping centers, ten other retail
properties, and one commercial property.
The CEFUS properties are located
primarily in metropolitan areas of Florida and Texas, contain an aggregate of
3.2 million square feet of gross leasable area, or GLA, and were 83% occupied as
of March 31, 2001.

         
In addition, in 1997 CEFUS entered into an exclusive partnership
arrangement with North American Shopping Center Corp., or North American, for
the development of neighborhood and community shopping centers in the United
States.
This partnership operates under the name Centrefund Development Group,
or CDG.
As a result of the CDG partnership, CEFUS owns interests in nine
separate joint ventures.
Each of these joint ventures owns, is developing or
intends to develop retail and other commercial properties in Florida and Texas.

In connection with these activities, CEFUS has advanced loans to its development
partner, North American, to partially finance North American's investment in
these joint ventures.
As of March 31, 2001, CEFUS had advanced approximately
$12.5 million to North American.
These loans bear interest at rates varying from
CEFUS' cost of funds to 10% per annum and will be repaid from cash flows
generated from the development properties and from North American's share of
proceeds generated from refinancing or sales.
CEFUS is contingently liable for
certain of the obligations of the joint ventures and all of the assets of the
joint ventures are available for the purpose of satisfying those obligations and
guarantees.
For more information, see note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements of CEFUS included in this proxy statement.
Subsequent to year end, in
accordance with the terms of the CDG partnership agreements, the partners agreed
to wind up the joint ventures on an orderly basis.
Any properties not purchased
by the partners will be sold to third parties.
See " - Recent Developments"
below.

         
CEFUS' supermarket-anchored centers are anchored by national and
regional tenants such as Albertson's, Kroger, Randall's, Minyard Food Stores and
Publix.
Other anchor tenants include such national retailers as Walgreens,
Eckerd, Bed Bath & Beyond, Office Depot, T.J. Maxx, Barnes and Noble and Bealls
Department Stores.
Non-anchor tenants include national and regional businesses
such as Bank of America, First Union National Bank, Subway, Blockbuster Video,
Chili's, Pizza Hut, General Nutrition Center, Radio Shack and JoAnn's Fabrics.

CEFUS believes that its anchor tenants offer daily necessity items which
generate regular consumer traffic and enhance the performance and stability of
its properties.

         
Since its acquisition in 1994 by Centrefund, CEFUS has focused its
efforts on acquiring and operating supermarket-anchored and other
retail-anchored shopping centers in Florida and Texas.
To manage its day to day
activities and supervise its operations, it has historically engaged third-party
property managers and asset managers, including third parties affiliated with
Centrefund and its former controlling parties.
Effective August 2000, CEFUS
engaged our wholly-owned subsidiary, Equity One Realty & Management, as the
asset manager for its U.S. properties.
Effective December 1, 2000, CEFUS engaged
Equity One Realty & Management as the property manager for eleven of its Florida
properties and its role as asset manager for all but one of these Florida
properties was terminated.
Equity One Realty & Management continues to be the
asset manager for CEFUS' 16 Texas properties.
In addition, effective January 1,
2001, Equity One Realty & Management became the asset manager for CEFUS' nine
joint venture interests.

         
CEFUS has relied principally upon its parent entities and outside
managers to conduct its business and operations.
We expect that following our
acquisition of CEFUS, its real estate investment policies will be managed
consistently with our current policy to invest primarily in supermarket-anchored
centers capable of generating stable cash flows and maintaining long-term value.


RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

     WINDING-UP OF CDG

         As discussed above, in accordance with the CDG partnership agreement,
we and North American agreed to wind up the operations of the joint ventures.
In
accordance with the CDG partnership agreement, North American was entitled to
purchase the three remaining undeveloped sites owned by CDG at cost, with 30% of
the purchase price required to be paid in cash at closing and the balance funded
in the form of financing by CEFUS.
The loans bear interest at 10% per annum,
which is payable quarterly, in arrears, for 18 months, at which time the entire
principal balance is due and payable.

         
On June 15, 2001, North American acquired all of CEFUS' interest in the
undeveloped sites known as Thornbridge Crossing, Grand Parkway and Fry and
Donald Ross & Military for a total consideration of approximately $8.3 million,
of which approximately $2.5 million in cash was paid to CEFUS at the closing and
the balance was paid in the form of promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of approximately $5.8 million.
Each note issued by North American is
guaranteed by the pledge of its interest in the underlying real property or the
entity owning the real property.
The material terms of the sales are as follows:

THORNBRIDGE CROSSING:              
The purchase price was approximately $2.3 million, payable in cash of
                                   approximately $700,000 and a secured promissory note in the principal
                                   amount of approximately $1.6 million;

GRAND PARKWAY AND FRY:             
The purchase price was approximately $1.7 million, net of an existing
                                   deed of trust in the approximate amount of $800,000, payable in cash of
                                   approximately $500,000 and a secured promissory note in the principal
                                   amount of approximately $1.2 million; and

DONALD ROSS & MILITARY:            
The purchase price was approximately $4.3 million, payable in cash of
                                   approximately $1.3 million and a secured promissory note in the
                                   principal amount of approximately $3.0 million.

         
In connection with each of these transactions, North American purchased
CEFUS' interest in the CDG joint venture that owned each of the properties.
As
consideration for its joint venture interests, CEFUS received an assignment of
the entire net purchase price, one half of which represented CEFUS' share of the
purchase price and the other one-half represented repayment toward North
American's obligations to CEFUS.

         
Also on June 15, 2001, CEFUS acquired from North American all of North
American's interest in two developed sites, Cashmere Corners and Oak Square.

The material terms of the sales are as follows:

Cashmere                Corners: The purchase price was $3.2 million, net of an
                        existing mortgage and other costs of approximately $5.7
                        million; and

Oak                     Square: The purchase price was $2.3 million, net of an
                        existing mortgage and other costs of approximately $8.5
                        million.

         
North American received no cash proceeds from these transactions for
its share of the interests and all of North American's share of the
consideration was credited against its outstanding obligations to CEFUS.
From
Cashmere Corners, approximately $1.6 million,which is one-half of the
consideration, was credited against North American's outstanding obligations.

From Oak Square, approximately $1.1 million, which is one-half of the
consideration, was credited against North American's outstanding obligations.

         
As a result of all of the foregoing transactions, the $12.5 million
amount advanced by CEFUS to North American to partially finance North American's
investment in the joint ventures was reduced by one half of the consideration.

Therefore, North American's obligation to CEFUS after the foregoing
transactions, subject to interest and other cost adjustments accruing subsequent
to March 31, 2001, is $5.65 million in connection with the CDG partnerships and
$5.8 million of secured promissory notes.

     
REFINANCING

         BOCA VILLAGE SQUARE.
On April 23, 2001, Boca Village Square completed
an $8.5 million refinancing with Prudential Mortgage Capital Company LLC at an
interest rate of 7.20%.
The loan has a 30-year amortization and the outstanding
balance is due on May 1, 2011.
The loan is non recourse to CEFUS other than
matters related to fraud and environmental issues.

         
SAWGRASS PROMENADE.
On April 23, 2001, Sawgrass Promenade completed an
$8.5 million refinancing with Prudential Mortgage Capital Company LLC at an
interest rate 7.20%.
The loan has a 30-year amortization and the outstanding
balance is due on May 1, 2011.
The loan is non recourse to CEFUS other than
matters related to fraud and environmental issues.

     
SALE OF HARBOUR FINANCIAL

         On March 5, 2001, The Harbor Center, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
CEFUS, entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Lendan, Inc., to sell the
property known as Harbour Financial Center for a purchase price of $21 million.

Subject to the purchaser's assumption of the existing mortgage with First Union
of approximately $12.6 million, the closing of the sale is anticipated to be in
the third quarter of 2001, after the acquisition of CEFUS.
CEFUS currently
anticipates that the net proceeds from the sale will be used to acquire one or
more qualifying properties in a 1031 tax free exchange.

  
PROPERTIES

         As of March 31, 2001, the CEFUS properties consisted primarily of
supermarket-anchored shopping centers and other shopping centers, and contained
an aggregate of 3.2 million square feet of GLA.
No single property of CEFUS
represents ten percent or more of CEFUS' total consolidated assets nor did any
single CEFUS property generate ten percent or more of CEFUS' consolidated gross
revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
The following table
provides a brief description of each of the CEFUS properties:

                                                                    Net
                                                                 Operating          Average
                                                                  Income            Minimum
                                          GLA                     for the           Rent Per       Percent
                                        (Sq. Ft.)                 
Quarter           Leased Sq.     Leased
                                           at                      Ended             Ft. at           at
                            Acquired    March 31,  Number of      March 31,          March 31,     March 31,
        Property              Date        2001     Tenants (1)      2001               2001           2001      Certain Tenants (2)
- - -----------------------   -----------   ---------  -----------  
-----------       --------------   ----------   
-------------------

FLORIDA PROPERTIES
- - ------------------

Bluff's Square Shoppes     January       137,395      53           $312,280           $11.69          94.9%    Publix, Walgreens,
   Jupiter, Florida           1990                                                                            Mailboxes etc., Sun
                                                                                                               Trust, Century 21

Boca Village Square        June 1998      93,428      25            295,902           $13.26          99.3%     Publix, Eckerd,
   Boca Raton, Florida                                                                                          Sylvan Learning,
                                                                                                              United Bank, Center,
                                                                                                                Mailboxes, etc.


Boynton Plaza              January        99,324      30            211,039           $10.47         100.0%    Publix, Eckerd, H&R
   Boynton Beach, Florida     1988                                                                             Block, Amtrust Bank,
                                                                                                                Radio Shack

Harbour Financial Center   September     119,083      41            554,704           $19.57          97.5%   Delta Airlines, Inc.,
   Palm Beach Gardens,        1992                                                                            Carmine's, Fidelity
   Florida                                                                                                          Brokerage

Kirkman Shoppes            October        88,820      32            267,006           $17.21          92.4%    Eckerd, Starbuck's,
   Orlando, Florida           1988                                                                                 GNC, J.B.'s
                                                                                                                   Restaurant,
                                                                                                                   Chick-Fil-A

Marco Town Center           May 1998     109,574      45            350,027           $16.19          84.0%           Publix

Oakbrook Square            December      225,073      37            473,077            $9.02          88.4%      Publix, Eckerd's,
   North Palm Beach,          1996                                                                                  First Union,
   Florida                                                                                                           Jacobson's

Prosperity Centre          July 1997     122,106       9            403,283           $14.70         100.0%    Bed Bath & Beyond;
   Palm Beach Gardens,                                                                                            Office Depot;
   
Florida                                                                                                         T.J. Maxx

Ross Plaza                 July 1998      85,903      20            160,852            $9.01          97.3%       Ross, Chili's,
   Tampa, Florida                                                                                                Walgreens, GTE

Sawgrass Promenade         March 1989    107,092      29            295,069            $11.11         98.0%    Publix, Blockbuster,
   Deerfield Beach,                                                                                                 Walgreens

Shoppes of Jonathan's      February       26,820      13            120,574            $15.87        100.0%       Albertson's(3),
   
Landing                    1998                                                                             Einstein Bros., Dairy
   Jupiter, Florida                                                                                             Queen, Blockbuster
                                                                                                                      Video

The Shoppes at Westburry   February       33,706      21            125,755            $17.41        100.0%     Dairy Queen, Pizza
   Miami-Dade, Florida        1998                                                                             Hut, Pollo Tropical

 TOTAL/WEIGHTED AVERAGE
     FLORIDA PROPERTIES                1,248,324     355         $3,569,568            $12.98         94.7%

                                                                    Net
                                                                 Operating          Average
                                                                  Income            Minimum
                                          GLA                     for the           Rent Per       Percent
                                        (Sq. Ft.)                 
Quarter           Leased Sq.     Leased
                                           at                      Ended             Ft. at           at
                            Acquired    March 31,  Number of      March 31,          March 31,     March 31,
        Property              Date        2001     Tenants (1)      2001               2001           2001      Certain Tenants (2)
- - -----------------------   -----------   ---------  -----------  
-----------       --------------   ----------   
-------------------

TEXAS PROPERTIES


Beechcrest                June 1998       90,797       15         $204,778             $10.24          98.4%  Randall's Food
     Houston, Texas                                                                                          Market*, (Viet Ho),
                                                                                                              Walgreens*, Pizza Hut

Benbrook Square           June 1998      247,422       26           25,076               2.57          59.3%   Salvation Army,
     Benbrook, Texas                                                                                           Family Dollar,
                                                                                                               JoAnn's Fabrics

Copperfield Crossing      December       160,695       36          139,298              12.37          47.1%   Subway, Nextel,
     Houston, Texas          1995                                                                             Allstate, JoAnn's
                                                                                                                  Fabrics

Grogan's Mill             September      118,398       28          359,654              15.87          97.7%   Randall's Food
     Spring, Texas           1998                                                                              Market, Petco

Minyard's                 June 1999       58,695        1           83,403               6.40         100.0%  Minyard's Food Store
     Dallas, Texas

Mission Bend              September      129,675       27          320,439              13.08          90.3%    Randall's Food
     Houston, Texas          1998                                                                              Market, Dollar Tree,
                                                                                                                 Wells Fargo

Plymouth Park East /      April 1996      56,432       10           32,678               4.16         100.0%    Kroger, Subway
     Kroger Plaza
     Irving, Texas

Plymouth Park North       April 1996     444,362       60          407,062               8.06          55.2%    KFC, Taco Bell,
     Irving, Texas                                                                                               Payless Shoes,
                                                                                                               Blockbuster, Radio
                                                                                                                    Shack

Plymouth Park South /     April 1996      58,982       7            66,677               5.41          88.5%   
Betcha Bingo, State
     Eckerd Plaza                                                                                                     of Texas
     Irving, Texas

Plymouth Park West        April 1996     178,930      16           191,696               5.37          84.7%    La Grand Bulgar,
     Irving, Texas                                                                                               Bank of America

Steeplechase              September      104,002      26           308,241              11.04         100.0%     Randall's, GNC,
     Houston, Texas          1998                                                                                
Little Caesars

Sterling Plaza            October         65,206      16           217,023              14.69          91.5%     Music Warehouse
     Irving, Texas           1998                                                                                Ent., Bank One,
                                                                                                                    Pizza Hut

Townsend Square           March 1998     140,262      39           265,096               9.49          79.9%     Albertson's(3),
     DeSoto, Texas                                                                                            Beall's Dept. Store,
                                                                                                                  Family Dollar

Village by the Parks      December        44,547      12           156,434              17.86          72.5%     Toys R'2Us(3),
     Arlington, Texas        1997                                                                              Pier 1(3), Petco

Woodforest                September       12,741       4            81,830              17.14         100.0%     Hollywood Video
     Houston, Texas          1998

Wurzbach                  February        63,100       3            24,344               2.71         100.0%        Albertson's,
     San Antonio, Texas      1999                                                                                Popeye's Chicken
                                       ---------     ---        ----------             ------         
-----
TOTAL/WEIGHTED AVERAGE
TEXAS PROPERTIES                       1,974,249     326        $2,883,732              $8.27         75.8%
                                       =========     ===        ==========             ======         =====
TOTAL/WEIGHTED AVERAGE
ALL PROPERTIES                         3,222,573     681        $6,456,301             $10.38         83.1%
                                       =========     ===        ==========             ======         =====

- - ------------------------

(1)      Number of tenants includes both leased and vacant units.

(2)      Certain tenants include anchor tenants and certain non-anchor tenants.

(3)      Adjoining parcel, separately owned by a third party.

*    Indicates a tenant that has closed its store and ceased to operate at the
     property, but continues to pay rent under its lease.
The subtenant, if any,
     is shown in parentheses.

         
Additional information is presented below about each of the 28 CEFUS
properties as of March 31, 2001.

         BEECHCREST.
Beechcrest is a 90,797 square foot supermarket center
occupied by 14 tenants located in Houston, Texas.
Beechcrest is situated on 7.17
acres and is anchored by Viet Ho (on a sub-let from Randall's Food Market) and a
vacant Walgreens.

         
BENBROOK SQUARE.
Benbrook Square is a 247,422 square foot shopping
center occupied by 16 tenants located in Benbrook, Texas.
Benbrook Square is
situated on 22.43 acres and is anchored by JoAnn's Fabrics.

         
BLUFF'S SQUARE SHOPPES.
Bluff's Square Shoppes is a 137,395 square foot
supermarket center occupied by 37 tenants located in Jupiter, Florida.
Bluff's
Square Shoppes is situated on 15.58 acres and is anchored by Publix and
Walgreens.

         BOCA VILLAGE SQUARE.
Boca Village Square is a 93,428 square foot
supermarket center occupied by 24 tenants located in West Palm Beach, Florida.

Boca Village is situated on 9.77 acres and is anchored by Publix and Eckerd.

         BOYNTON PLAZA.
Boynton Plaza is a 99,324 square foot supermarket center
occupied by 30 tenants located in Boynton Beach, Florida.
Boynton Plaza is
situated on 10.40 acres and is anchored by Publix and Eckerd.

         
COPPERFIELD CROSSING.
Copperfield Crossing is a 160,695 square foot
shopping center occupied by 29 tenants located in Houston, Texas.
Copperfield
Crossing is situated on 18.92 acres and is anchored by Clothworld.

         
GROGAN'S MILL.
Grogan's Mill is an 118,398 square foot shopping center
occupied by 26 tenants located in Spring, Texas.
Grogan's Mill is situated on
11.96 acres and is anchored by Randall's Food Market and Petco.

         
HARBOUR FINANCIAL CENTER.
Harbour Financial Center is an 119,083 square
foot mixed-use office/retail property occupied by 39 tenants located in Palm
Beach Gardens, Florida.
Harbour Financial Center is situated on 9.95 acres and
is under a contract for sale.
See " - Recent Developments".

         
KIRKMAN SHOPPES.
Kirkman Shoppes is an 88,820 square foot shopping
center occupied by 29 tenants located in Orlando, Florida.
Kirkman Shoppes is
situated on 11.46 acres and is anchored by Eckerd.

         
MARCO TOWN CENTER.
Marco Island Town Center is an 109,574 square foot
supermarket center occupied by 30 tenants located in Marco Island, Florida.

Marco Town Center is situated on 10.21 acres and is anchored by Publix.

         
MINYARD'S. Minyard's is 58,695 square foot free-standing supermarket
located in Dallas, Texas.
Minyard's is situated on approximately 5.6 acres.

         
MISSION BEND.
Mission Bend is an 129,675 square foot supermarket center
occupied by 24 tenants located in Houston, Texas.
Mission Bend is situated on
10.92 acres and is anchored by Randall's Food Market.

         
OAKBROOK SQUARE.
Oakbrook Square is a 225,073 square foot supermarket
center occupied by 27 tenants located in North Palm Beach, Florida.
Oakbrook is
situated on 20.35 acres and is anchored by Jacobson's, Publix and Eckerd.

         
PLYMOUTH PARK EAST / KROGER PLAZA.
Plymouth Park East / Kroger Plaza is
a 56,435 square foot supermarket center occupied by ten tenants located in
Irving, Texas.
Plymouth Park East/Kroger Plaza is situated on 5.2 acres and is
anchored by Kroger.

         
PLYMOUTH PARK NORTH.
Plymouth Park North is a 444,362 square foot
shopping center occupied by 43 tenants located in Irving, Texas.
Plymouth Park
North is situated on 34.87 acres.

         
PLYMOUTH PARK SOUTH / ECKERD PLAZA.
Plymouth Park South/Eckerd Plaza is
a 58,982 square foot shopping center occupied by five tenants located in Irving,
Texas.
Plymouth Park South/Eckerd Plaza is situated on 4.49 acres and is
anchored by Eckerd.

         
PLYMOUTH PARK WEST.
Plymouth Park West is an 178,930 square foot
shopping center occupied by twelve tenants located in Irving, Texas.
Plymouth
Park West is situated on 16.53 acres and is anchored by La Gran Bulgar Bazaar.

         
PROSPERITY CENTRE.
Prosperity Centre is an 122,106 square foot shopping
center occupied by 9 tenants located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
Prosperity
Centre is situated on 11.35 acres and is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond, Office
Depot and T.J. Maxx.

         ROSS PLAZA.
Ross Plaza is an 85,903 square foot shopping center
occupied by 18 tenants located in Tampa, Florida.
Ross Plaza is situated on 8.3
acres and is anchored by Ross Dress for Less and Walgreens.

         SAWGRASS PROMENADE.
Sawgrass Promenade is a 107,092 square foot
supermarket center occupied by 27 tenants located in Deerfield Beach, Florida.

Sawgrass Promenade is situated on 12.0 acres and is anchored by Publix and
Walgreens.

         
SHOPPES AT WESTBURY.
Shoppes at Westbury is a 33,706 square foot
shopping center occupied by 21 tenants located in Miami-Dade County, Florida.

Shoppes at Westbury is situated on 2.40 acres.

         
SHOPPES OF JONATHAN'S LANDING.
Shoppes of Jonathan's Landing is a
26,820 square foot supermarket center occupied by 13 tenants located in Jupiter,
Florida.
Shoppes of Jonathan's Landing is situated on 4.43 acres and is anchored
by Albertson's.
Albertson's is located on property contiguous to CEFUS' property
and is not owned by CEFUS.

         
STEEPLECHASE.
Steeplechase is an 104,002 square foot supermarket center
occupied by 26 tenants located in Houston, Texas.
Steeplechase is situated on
9.52 acres and is anchored by Randall's Food Market.

         
STERLING PLAZA.
Sterling Plaza is a 65,206 square foot shopping center
occupied by 15 tenants and is located in Irving, Texas.
Sterling Plaza is
situated on 7.36 acres and is anchored by Music Warehouse and BankOne.

         
TOWNSEND SQUARE.
Townsend Square is an 140,262 square foot supermarket
center occupied by 35 tenants located in Desoto, Texas.
Townsend Square is
situated on 11.65 acres and is anchored by Albertson's and Bealls.
Albertson's
is located on property contiguous to CEFUS' property and is not owned by CEFUS.

         
VILLAGE BY THE PARKS.
Village by the Parks is a 44,547 square foot
shopping center occupied by eight tenants located in Arlington, Texas.
Village
by the Parks is situated on 4.62 acres and is anchored by Toys R Us and Pier
One.
Both Toys R Us and Pier One are located on property contiguous to CEFUS'
property and neither are owned by CEFUS.

         WOODFOREST.
Woodforest is an 12,741 square foot shopping center
occupied by four tenants located in Houston, Texas.
Woodforest is situated on
2.32 acres and is anchored by Hollywood Video.

         WURZBACH.
Wurzbach is a 63,100 square foot supermarket center occupied
by three tenants and is located in San Antonio, Texas.
Wurzbach is situated on
6.48 acres and is anchored by Albertson's.

         
Information is presented below about the nine CEFUS' joint venture
interests as of March 31, 2001.

         
ABACOA PLAZA.
Abacoa Plaza is a 62,270 square foot supermarket center
occupied by 6 tenants located in Jupiter, Florida.
Abacoa is situated on
14.73 acres and is anchored by Publix.
CEFUS and North American Shopping Center
Corp. have 50.1% and 49.9% interests in the CDG joint venture which in turn has
a 50% interest in a partnership which owns this asset.
Cenross, Ltd. owns the
remaining 50%.

         CASHMERE CORNERS.
Cashmere Corners is a 97,136 square foot supermarket
center occupied by 12 tenants and located in Port St. Lucie, Florida.

Cashmere is situated on 10.96 acres and is anchored by Albertson's.
The property
also includes two undeveloped outparcels of land and an adjoining 4.12 acre
parcel.
For a discussion of CEFUS' recent acquisition of its partner's interest
in Cashmere Corners, see " - Recent Developments.
"

         CITY CENTER.
City Center is a 93,461 square foot mixed use
office/retail building occupied by 12 tenants in Palm Beach Gardens,
Florida.
City Center is situated on 13.18 acres and has the potential for
expansion

for a 75,000 square foot office tower.
CEFUS and North American have 50.1% and
49.9% interests in the CDG joint venture which in turn has a 50% interest in a
partnership which owns this asset.
PGA II Ltd. owns the remaining 50%.
CEFUS and
North American have 50.1% and 49.9% interests in a CDG partnership which in turn
has a 50% interest in a partnership which owns a land parcel contiguous to City
Center available for the development of a 75,000 square foot office building.

Peter Brock and Andrew Brock own the remaining 50%.

         DONALD ROSS & MILITARY.
Donald Ross & Military is a 45 acre development
site in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
For a discussion of CEFUS' recent sale of
its interest in Donald Ross & Military, see " - Recent Developments.
"

         GRAND PARKWAY AND FRY.
This is an 8.8 acres development site in
Houston, Texas.
For a discussion of CEFUS' recent sale of its interest in Grand
Parkway and Fry, see " - Recent Developments.
"

         NORTHMIL PLAZA.
Northmil Plaza is an 81,337 square foot supermarket
center occupied by 5 tenants located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.

Northmil Plaza is situated on 11.57 acres and is anchored by Albertson's.
CEFUS
and North American have 50.1% and 49.9% interests in the CDG joint venture which
in turn has a 50% interest in a partnership which owns this asset.
Northlake II,
Ltd. owns the remaining 50%.

         
OAK SQUARE.
Oak Square is an 119,300 square foot shopping center
located in Gainesville, Florida.
Oak Square is situated on 9.44 acres and is
anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond, Office Depot, Just For Feet and Borders Books.

Gainesville Development, L.L.C. owns 50% of this property.
For a discussion of
CEFUS' recent acquisition of North American's interest in Oak Square, see " -
Recent Developments."

         PLANO PARKWAY.
Plano Parkway is an 133,370 square foot shopping center,
currently under construction and located in Plano, Texas.
Plano Parkway is
situated on 13.37 acres and is anchored by Office Max and Bed Bath & Beyond,
each of which is expected to open in the third quarter of 2001, and Walgreens,
which is currently open.
CEFUS and North American have 50.1% and 49.9% interests
in the CDG joint venture which owns this asset.

         THORNBRIDGE CROSSING.
Thornbridge Crossing is an 8.89 acres development
site in North Richland Hills, Texas.
For a discussion of CEFUS' recent sale of
its interest in Thornbridge Crossing, see " - Recent Developments.
"

                        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF CEFUS

         We are providing the following financial information of CEFUS to aid
you in your analysis of the financial aspects of the acquisition.
We derived
this information from CEFUS' historical financial statements as of and for the
years ended December 31, 1998 through 2000.
In addition, the financial
information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 have
been derived from the unaudited financial statements of CEFUS.
Earnings per
share data have not been provided because CEFUS has been a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Centrefund.
The following information should be read together with
the financial statements and financial statement notes of CEFUS contained in
this proxy statement beginning on page F-2.
CEFUS, as the subsidiary of a
Canadian company, has historically prepared its financial statements in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles.
Although all
financial data for CEFUS provided in this proxy statement have been prepared on
the basis of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, Selected Financial
Data for CEFUS for the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1996 have been omitted
because the data necessary to prepare financial statements in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles is not available.
We believe that
the omitted data would not be material to our stockholders in light of the more
recent data presented.

                                 
(In thousands)

                                                           THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                                MARCH 31,               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                          --------------------     ---------------------------------
                                                           2001         2000        2000         1999        1998
                                                          ------       -------     -------     -------       -------

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues.........................................         $9,884       $11,334     $41,169     $40,791       $27,955
                                                          ------       -------     -------     -------       -------
Operating expenses...............................          3,093         3,453      12,858      12,849         8,792
Depreciation.....................................          1,559         1,858       6,984       6,330         4,325
Interest.........................................          3,099         3,356      15,558      14,205         9,380
Corporate expenses...............................            183           114         642       1,795         1,140
Management fee to parent.........................            
650           908       3,632          --            --
Equity (income) loss of joint ventures...........           (127)          134        (293)       (659)         (204)
Previous management's incentive
   and other fees................................             --            --      14,944          --            --
Termination of advisory services.................             --            --          --       8,204            --
Income and other taxes...........................            
505           620      (4,601)       (644)          239
Other............................................             --            --          --          --         3,531
   Total expenses................................          8,962        10,443      49,724      42,080        27,203
Net income (loss)................................           
$922          $891     $(8,555)    $(1,289)         $752

                                                              MARCH 31,                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                           ----------------       
---------------------------------
                                                                 2001               2000         1999        1998
                                                           ----------------       
--------     --------    
--------

BALANCE SHEET DATA:

Total rental properties before accumulated
   depreciation..................................              
$255,773           $254,514     $262,318    $243,360
Total assets.....................................               272,863            296,556      289,922     275,455
Mortgage notes payable...........................               161,956            162,257      141,286     108,252
Total liabilities................................               177,108            224,050      208,861     216,536
Stockholder's equity.............................                95,755             72,506       81,061      58,919

                                                          THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                              MARCH 31,                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           -------------------     
---------------------------------
                                                           2001          2000        2000        1999          1998
                                                           -----         
-----     --------     -------       
------

OTHER DATA:
Cash flow from:
   Operating activities..........................          3,962         4,794     $(4,081)     $11,780       $3,334
   Investing activities..........................           (952)        2,535     (23,294)     (32,345)    (110,660)
   Financing activities..........................         (2,029)        5,253      20,971        9,849      124,177
Gross leasable area (square feet at end of
   period).......................................          
3,202         3,457       3,202        3,538        3,416

          MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                        AND FINANCIAL CONDITION OF CEFUS

GENERAL

         CEFUS is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Centrefund.
CEFUS,
directly and through its subsidiaries, invests primarily in shopping centers
located in Texas and Florida with the objective of maximizing long-term
operating cash flow and generating long-term capital appreciation.
CEFUS has
historically obtained advisory and property management services from companies
related to certain of Centrefund's stockholders and directors, subject to the
overall supervision of CEFUS' and Centrefund's boards of directors.
On January
18, 2000, stockholders of Centrefund approved a transaction to internalize
management of Centrefund, including CEFUS, by employing certain employees of its
related company advisor directly.
As a result of this decision, the advisory
agreement with the advisor was amended, effective January 1, 2000, to terminate
the advisory fee and revise the incentive fee payable to the related company
advisor and property manager.
Centrefund's former chairman, president and chief
executive officer continued to provide his services through the amended advisory
agreement.

         
On August 18, 2000, the Gazit Group purchased a controlling interest in
Centrefund pursuant to the terms of a tender offer.
Prior to the acquisition of
control by the Gazit Group, the advisor and property manager of CEFUS were
entitled to certain incentive fees pursuant to the advisory and other
agreements.
As more fully described below, with the acquisition of control by
the Gazit Group and termination of these agreements, all of the incentive fees
became payable in cash.
However, in accordance with the stock exchange
agreement, Centrefund has agreed, in consideration of the assignment by CEFUS to
Centrefund of all of its rights under these agreements, to assume the obligation
to pay the incentive fees and indemnify CEFUS for any liabilities arising from
these obligations if our acquisition of CEFUS is completed.

         
Historically, CEFUS has experienced significant growth through the
acquisition of additional shopping centers.
Since CEFUS' acquisition by
Centrefund in 1994, CEFUS has expanded its initial portfolio of six shopping
centers containing approximately 630,000 square feet of gross leasable area to
28 properties containing approximately 3.2 million square feet of gross leasable
area as of December 31, 2000.
This growth has been substantially financed
through mortgage debt and loans or equity from Centrefund.

         
In 1997, CEFUS entered into a memorandum of partnership, in connection
with the formation of CDG, in order to develop neighborhood and community
shopping centers in the United States through various joint ventures with North
American.
In 2001, a decision was made to wind up the partnership on an orderly
basis.
See "BUSINESS OF CEFUS - Recent Developments.
"

GROSS RENTAL INCOME

         A substantial portion of CEFUS' growth can be attributed to the
acquisition of additional shopping centers.
The following chart summarizes the
sources of CEFUS' growth and the impact of this growth on gross rental income
over the past five years, in thousands of dollars.

         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2000        1999       1998       
1997       1996

         1994 Acquisitions                    $10,948    $10,875    $10,426     $9,747    $10,007
         1995 Acquisitions                      1,829      3,145      1,929      1,875      1,588
         1996
Acquisitions                      6,692      5,661      5,282      4,683      1,460
         1997 Acquisitions                      3,031      3,049      2,857        995
         1998 Acquisitions                     16,605     15,991      6,876
         1999 Acquisitions                        546        274
         2000 Acquisitions                          -

         Annual gross rental income          $39,651     $38,995    $27,370    $17,300    $13,055

         Number of shopping centers
         acquired during the year                   0          2         13          2          2
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Until fiscal 2000, CEFUS had expanded its portfolio in each year of its
existence.
The full impact of these acquisitions is only fully reflected in the
years after the properties are acquired or completed.
The year ended December
31, 2000 was one of transition in which no properties were acquired.

         
CEFUS' business involves the redevelopment and remerchandising of
retail space.
As a result, it is common for CEFUS to generate income from
payments received from tenants as compensation for the cancellation of leases.

In 2000, CEFUS received net lease cancellation payments of $1.7 million as
compared to $1.9 million in 1999 and $100,000 in 1998.
These payments, which
were received from tenants, were included in gross rental income in the
respective periods.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         Prior to the Gazit Group's acquisition of control of Centrefund, the
former advisor and property manager of CEFUS were entitled to receive incentive
fees pursuant to advisory and other agreements.
Upon termination of the advisory
agreement, in accordance with its terms, the advisor became entitled to receive
an incentive fee equal to 20% of the excess of the fair market value of CEFUS'
shopping center portfolio and other related assets over the book value of those
assets, as adjusted for certain payments and other adjustments.
Upon
Gazit-Group's acquisition of control of Centrefund, the advisory agreement was
terminated and all of the incentive fees became payable in cash.

         
Former management of CEFUS, which included the Centrefund's former
chairman, president and chief executive officer and who also controlled the
former advisor and is currently a partner in CDG, calculated the incentive fee
to be $8.8 million.
This amount was accrued after the Gazit Group's offer to
acquire a controlling interest in CEFUS was made in June 2000.
As of December
31, 2000, $3.7 million of the incentive fee had been paid.
The unpaid amount is
secured by a fixed and floating charge over two Centrefund shopping centers in
Canada.
The incentive fee, as calculated by the advisor, was based on the
advisor's estimate of the fair market value of CEFUS' shopping center portfolio.

         
Centrefund and CEFUS are disputing the calculation of the termination
incentive fee, including amounts that have been advanced.
When the dispute is
resolved, the termination incentive fee could be significantly different from
the amount recorded.
However, as noted in " - General" above, Centrefund will
assume all responsibilities for the termination fee and will be entitled to any
refund that might be agreed upon if CEFUS is actually acquired by us.

         
The previous management's incentive fees and certain other costs,
primarily associated with CEFUS' consideration of the Gazit Group's offer, and
the cost of canceling the property management contract as it pertains to the
Florida property portfolio in accordance with a settlement agreement dated
August 15, 2000, totaled $14.9 million, as disclosed in Note 14 of the notes to
the consolidated financial statements.

         
A provision for the advisory termination transaction was recorded in
the financial statements at December 31, 1999 totaling $8.2 million.
The payment
was in respect of the termination of the advisory fee and acquisition and
disposition fee components of the advisory agreement and third party
professional and consulting costs in connection with the internalization of
management of Centrefund effective January 1, 2000.

         
CEFUS believes that the provisions for previous management's incentive
and other fees, described above and in Note 14 resulting from the termination of
the related company advisory agreement and the termination of advisory services
described above and in Note 12(d) resulting from the internalization of
Centrefund prior management of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements of CEFUS included in this proxy statement, should be considered
separately, as non-recurring charges, when evaluating CEFUS' financial
performance.

    
COMPARISON OF THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 TO THE THREE MONTHS
ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

         Operating income before income taxes for the three months ended March
31, 2001 was $1.4 million compared to $1.5 million for the same period in 2000.

Net earnings in both 2001 and 2000 were $0.9 million.

         
These financial results were generated from gross rental income for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 of $9.6 million compared to $10.9 million for
the same period in 2000.
Rental income, which is net of property operating
costs, was $6.5 million for the current year period compared to $7.4 million in
the 2000 period.
In the three-month period ending March 31, 2000, a lease
termination fee of $1.2 million was received from the anchor tenant in
Woodforest Center in Houston.
No comparable lease termination occurred in the
2001 three-month period.


The anchor tenant subsequently purchased its former premises in this center.
In
addition, Kingwood Centre, in Houston, which contributed $100,000 of gross
rental income in the three months ended March 31, 2000, was sold in December
2000.

         
Mortgage interest expense in the 2001 period was $3.1 million compared
to $2.5 million in 2000.
Interest costs increased as a result of borrowings
incurred to fund property development and payments made in 2000 for the
termination of advisory services and previous management's incentive and other
fees.

         
Interest expense on amounts due to affiliated entities was zero for the
March 31, 2001 period as compared to $900,000 for the 2000 period.
The interest
bearing advances were repaid effective January 2001.

         
Depreciation decreased from $1.9 million in 2000 to $1.6 million in
2001, due in part to the sale of Kingwood Center and the partial sale of
Woodforest Center.

    
COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 TO THE YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 1999

         Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2000, before provision
for previous management's incentive and other fees, was $1.8 million compared to
$6.3 million before a provision for the termination of advisory services for the
same period in 1999.
The decrease in 2000 primarily reflects the $3.6 million
management fee to Centrefund resulting from the allocation to CEFUS' operations
of the cost of the internalized management.

         
In fiscal 2000, CEFUS incurred an operating loss before income and
other taxes of $13.2 million reflecting the impact of $14.9 million in incentive
and other fees payable to former management discussed above as well as the lower
operating income discussed above.
This compares to an operating loss before
income and other taxes in 1999 of $1.9 million reflecting a provision for the
termination of advisory services in the amount of $8.2 million discussed above.

Net loss for fiscal 2000 was $8.6 million as compared to a net loss of $1.3
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 reflecting the factors discussed
above, partially offset by a deferred tax benefit in 2000 of $4.6 million as
compared to a deferred tax benefit in 1999 of $1.2 million.

         
These financial results were generated from gross rental income of
$39.7 million in 2000, which represents a 1.8% increase above the $39.0 million
in gross rental income reported in 1999.
This was more than offset by increased
interest costs as a result of borrowings incurred to fund property acquisition
and development and payments made in 1999 and in 2000 for the termination of
advisory services and previous management's incentive and other fees.

         
Interest expense on mortgages increased in 2000 by $2.0 million to $12
million from $10 million, substantially as a result of the increase in the level
of borrowings by CEFUS primarily to fund the payment of the previous management
incentive and other fees and for property redevelopment.
In addition to the
$21.0 million net increase in borrowing during 2000, CEFUS incurred a full
year's interest on additional mortgage financing that was entered into during
1999.
The average fixed interest rate on CEFUS' mortgage payable, increased from
7.3% in 1999 to 7.8% in 2000.

         
Depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2000 of $7.0 million was
$0.7 million higher than the prior year.
This primarily results from
redevelopment of shopping centers in 2000 and 1999, new acquisitions in 1999 and
higher amortization of tenant inducements and financing fees consistent with
increases in CEFUS' leasing and financing activities.

         
Interest and other income totaled $1.5 million in fiscal 2000 and $1.8
million in 1999.
CEFUS earns interest income from funds invested in two types of
investments: short-term deposits and advances made to CEFUS' development
partner.
The decrease in interest and other income in 2000 over the level earned
in 1999 results from lower cash balances in fiscal 2000.

         Included in interest and other income in 2000 were $100,000 in gains
from the sale of Kingwood Center and the partial sale of Woodforest Center,
which no longer met the investment CEFUS' criteria.

         
Corporate expenses, expressed in thousands of dollars, are composed of
the following:

                                                             2000       1999
                                                           ---------   --------
                 Advisory and base incentive fees
                     paid to former advisor                   $201      $1,583
                 Asset management fees                         349          --
                 Other general and administrative costs         92         212
                                                           ---------   
--------

                 Total                                        $642      $1,795
                                                           =========   ========

         Advisory fees of $1.8 million incurred in 1999 were replaced in 2000
upon the internalization of management by a $400,000 base incentive fee,
together with management fees to Centrefund.
The base incentive fee terminated
after the acquisition of control by Gazit Group.

         
In fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999, $200,000 of the advisory and base
incentive fees incurred were capitalized to shopping centers under
redevelopment.

         
Under the terms of an asset management agreement effective August 18,
2000, Equity One Realty & Management was retained by CEFUS as an asset manager
of CEFUS' portfolio until November 30, 2000 and thereafter for the Texas
portfolio and one Florida property.
The annualized asset management fee is 0.4%
of the book value of assets managed and the agreement is cancellable on 30 days
notice.
Equity One earned $349,000 in fiscal 2000 under the terms of the
agreement.

         
During 1999, CEFUS repaid its outstanding debentures in full.
As a
result, no interest was incurred on debentures in 2000 compared to $400,000 in
1999.

         
Current taxes amounted to $25,000 in fiscal 2000 and $595,000 in 1999.

No minimum taxes were paid in 2000 as a result of the net loss reported during
the year.

    
COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 TO THE YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 1998

         Operating income for the year ended December 31, 1999, before a
provision for the termination of advisory services, was $6.3 million compared to
$1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.

         
In fiscal 1999, net earnings and operating income were reduced by a
provision for the termination of advisory services in the amount of $8.2 million
as more fully discussed above.
Accordingly, CEFUS had an operating loss in 1999,
before income and other taxes, of $1.9 million.
This compares to operating
income before income and other taxes in 1998 of $1.0 million.
Net loss for 1999
was $1.3 million as compared to net earnings of $800,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

         
These financial results were generated from gross rental income of
$39.0 million in 1999, which represents a 42.5% increase above the $27.4 million
in gross rental income reported in 1998.
This was offset by increased interest
costs as a result of borrowings incurred to fund property acquisition and
development expenses incurred in 1998 and in 1999.

         
The increase of $3.4 million in interest on mortgages incurred in 1999
as compared to 1998 is substantially a result of the increase in the level of
borrowings by CEFUS incurred to fund the acquisition of two shopping centers and
shopping center redevelopment.
In addition to the $33.0 million net increase in
borrowing during 1999, CEFUS incurred a full year's interest on the increase in
mortgage financing entered into during 1998.
The average fixed interest rate on
CEFUS' mortgage borrowings decreased from 7.6% in 1998 to 7.3% in 1999.

         
Depreciation for the year ended December 31, 1999 was $6.3 million, $2
million higher than the prior year.
This primarily results from the
redevelopment of shopping centers in 1999 and 1998, new acquisitions and higher
amortization of tenant inducements and financing fees consistent with increases
in CEFUS' leasing and financing activities.

         
Interest and other income totaled $1.8 million in fiscal 1999 and
$600,000 in 1998.
CEFUS earns interest income from funds invested in two types
of investments: short-term deposits and advances made to CEFUS' development
partner.
The increase in interest and other income in 1999 over the level earned
in 1998 results primarily from higher advances made to CEFUS' development
partner.

         
Corporate expenses, expressed in thousands of dollars, are composed of
the following:

                                                        1999       1998
                                                     --------    --------
 Advisory fees paid to former advisor                 $1,583      $876
 Other general and administrative costs               212         264
                                                     --------    
--------

 Total                                                $1,795      $1,140
                                                     ========    ========

Advisory fees increased from $900,000 in 1998 to $1.6 million in 1999 consistent
with the increased value of CEFUS' assets primarily from shopping center
acquisitions completed in 1998.

         
Interest on CEFUS' outstanding 7.5% debentures was $400,000 in 1999
compared to $500,000 in 1998 due to the repayment of the debentures during the
fourth quarter of 1999.

         
During 1998, CEFUS entered into interest rate contracts in which it
incurred a loss of $3.5 million.

         
Current taxes amount to $600,000 in fiscal 2000 and $800,000 in 1999
and are comprised primarily of Federal and State minimum taxes.


CASH FLOW

    COMPARISON OF THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 TO THE THREE MONTHS
ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

         
The net cash generated by operations of approximately $4.0 million for
the period ended March 31, 2001 included net income of approximately $900,000,
adjustments for non-cash items of $1.9 million and a net decrease in operating
assets and liabilities of $1.2 million, compared to net cash generated by
operations of approximately $4.8 million for the period ended March 31, 2000,
which included net income of approximately $900,000, adjustment for non-cash
items of $2.5 million and a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of
$1.4 million.

         
Net cash used by investing activities of approximately $1.0 million for
the period ended March 31, 2001 included the expansion and redevelopment of
shopping centers, compared to net cash generated by investing activities of
approximately $2.5 million for the period ended March 31, 2000, which included
the expansion and redevelopment of shopping centers for $1.1 million, proceeds
from disposition of one shopping center of $5.0 million, net contributions to
joint ventures of $3.0 million, advances to development partner for $2.8 million
and proceeds from investment in mortgages for $4.4 million.

         
Net cash used in financing activities of approximately $2.0 million for
the period ended March 31, 2001 included repayment of amounts due to affiliated
entities of $1.7 million and repayment of mortgages of $300,000, compared to net
cash used in financing activities of approximately $5.3 million for the period
ended March 31, 2000, which included the proceeds of mortgage financings of
$32.7 million and repayment of mortgages of $38 million.

    COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 TO THE YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 1999

         
The net cash used by operations of approximately $4.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 included a net loss of $8.6 million, adjustments
for non-cash items of $2.0 million and a net decrease in operating assets and
liabilities of $2.5 million, compared to net cash provided from operations of
approximately $11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, which included
a net loss of $1.3 million, adjustment for non-cash items of $4.4 million and a
net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of $8.7 million.

         
Net cash used in investing activities of approximately $23.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000 included the expansion and redevelopment of
shopping centers for $5.4 million, proceeds from disposition on one shopping
center and a portion of another center for $14.0 million, net contributions to
joint ventures of $2.1 million, advances to development partner of $3.0 million,
proceeds from mortgage investment of $4.5 million and

investment of amounts due from affiliated entities of $31.3 million, compared to
$32.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, which included the
acquisition of two shopping centers for $7.1 million, the expansion and
redevelopment of shopping centers for $7.8 million, net contributions to joint
ventures of $7.5 million, advances to development partner of 5.4 million and
investment in a mortgage of $4.5 million.

         
Net cash provided by financing activities of $21.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000 included proceeds of mortgage financings of $75.7
million and repayment of mortgages of $54.7 million, compared to $9.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999, which included the proceeds of mortgage
financings of $44.7 million, repayment of mortgages of $11.7 million, cash from
issuance of common shares of $23.4 million, repayment of amounts due to
affiliated entities of $40.0 million and repayment of debentures of $6.6
million.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Historically, funding for CEFUS' operations has been generated by
operating cash flows, mortgage loans and the issuance of equity or debt to
CEFUS' parent.
CEFUS' main uses of cash are acquisition and redevelopment
activities, maintenance repair and tenant improvements relating to existing
properties, and debt service and repayment obligations.

         
As of December 31, 2000, mortgages payable equalled 54.7% of the total
book value of CEFUS' assets, excluding deferred income tax assets, as compared
to 48.7% in 1999.
A significant portion of this increase was required to fund
payment for the prior year's provision for termination of advisory services and
the previous management's incentive and other fees paid in fiscal 2000.

         
As of December 31, 2000, 88% of the outstanding mortgage liabilities
bear interest at fixed interest rates compared to 63% in 1999.
Of the $19.5
million in floating rate financing, $18.5 million represents lines of credit or
interim financing on projects under construction or redevelopment.

         
CEFUS had fixed rate mortgages outstanding as at December 31, 2000 in
the aggregate amount of $142.7 million bearing interest at an average interest
rate of 7.8% as compared to $88.4 million in outstanding fixed rate mortgages
with an average interest rate of 7.3% at the end of 1999.
The increase in
outstanding balance of mortgages resulted from the net effect of $54.7 million
in repayments and the assumption of $75.7 million in mortgages related to the
redevelopment of shopping centers and refinancings.

         
As of March 31, 2001, CEFUS had cash and short-term investments of $3.0
million.
Management believes that CEFUS has sufficient resources to meet its
operational requirements in the near term.
Capital for new investing activities
in the near term will be generated from operating cash flows and by the sale of
some of CDG's assets.
Refinancing of projects in the coming year is expected to
add to available cash.
The actual level of future borrowings will be determined
based upon the level of liquidity required, the prevailing interest rate and
debt market conditions.


MORTGAGE INDEBTEDNESS

         For information regarding CEFUS' mortgage indebtedness see note 8 to
CEFUS' consolidated financial statements included in this proxy statement.

         
Of the mortgages payable to a company under common control described in
note 8, as noted in the section entitled " - Recent Developments" above, the
mortgages in respect of the Boca Village Square and Sawgrass Promenade
properties have been refinanced with a third party institutional lender.
The
remaining mortgages payable to a company under common control have been funded
by the common control companies primarily with loans from third party
institutional lenders.
As a condition to the closing of the acquisition, these
remaining mortgages payable will be restructured, and as a result, CEFUS will be
indebted directly to the third party institutional lenders on financial terms
which are expected to be no less favorable than those of the current company
under common control financing.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS

         Inflation has remained relatively low since Centrefund acquired CEFUS
in March 1994.
As a result, inflation has had a minimal impact on CEFUS'
operating performance to date.
Nevertheless, most of CEFUS' long-

term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of
inflation.
These provisions include a pass-through of operating costs, including
realty taxes and most management expenses, which insulates CEFUS from
inflationary price increases.
In addition, most leases include clauses that
allow CEFUS to receive percentage rents based on tenants' gross sales, which
generally increase as prices rise.
Most of CEFUS' long-term leases include rent
escalation clauses, which increase rental rates over the term of the lease at
either prenegotiated levels or levels determined by reference to increases in
the Consumer Price Index.
Many of CEFUS' non-anchor leases are for terms of five
years or less, providing CEFUS with the opportunity to achieve rent increases on
renewal or when re-renting the space.

         
The economic conditions in the markets in which CEFUS operates can have
a significant impact on CEFUS' financial success.
Adverse changes in general or
local economic conditions can result in some retailers being unable to sustain
viable businesses and meet their lease obligations to CEFUS, and may also limit
CEFUS' ability to attract new or replacement tenants.
However, CEFUS' shopping
centers are generally less susceptible to economic downturns, as they cater to
the basic needs of the retail customer by having food supermarkets, drug stores,
financial services, discount department stores and promotional retailers as
tenants.
In addition, the impact of economic conditions on the overall portfolio
has been mitigated through the long-term nature of its existing leases and
through geographic diversification

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This management's discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements relating to CEFUS' operations and the environment in which it
operates that are based on management's expectations, estimates, forecasts and
projections.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to control or predict.

Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ from those expressed in these
forward-looking statements.
Readers, therefore, should not place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements.
Further, a forward-looking statement speaks
only as of the date on which such statement is made.
CEFUS undertakes no
obligations to publicly update any such statements or to reflect new information
or the occurrence of new events or circumstances.

             MARKET PRICE AND RELATED MATTERS OF CEFUS COMMON STOCK

There is no established public trading market for the common stock of CEFUS.
All
of the outstanding CEFUS common stock is held indirectly by Centrefund.

Accordingly, dividend information is not meaningful.

                   
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         
The following pro forma financial statements reflect the proposed
combination of Equity One with CEFUS and the proposed merger with United
Investors Realty Trust.
The pro forma consolidated statements of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2000 and the three months ended March 31, 2001 have
been presented as if the transactions occurred on January 1, 2000.
The pro forma
consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2001 has been presented as if the
transaction occurred on March 31, 2001.

         
The proposed combination of Equity One and CEFUS is being accounted for
as a combination of entities under common control.
Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd., a
63.4% stockholder of Equity One through the ownership of affiliated entities,
acquired a 68.1% interest in Centrefund Realty Corporation, an indirect parent
of CEFUS, in August 2000.
The pro forma financial statements reflect the
push-down of Gazit-Globe's basis in CEFUS, to the extent of its 68.1% ownership.

The remaining 31.9% was recorded in a manner similar to a pooling of interests
and the basis in the assets, liabilities and results of operations of CEFUS are
reflected at their historical amounts.

            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                 PRO FORMA                                    PRO FORMA
                                                 ADJUSTMENTS                                  ADJUSTMENTS
                        EQUITY ONE    CEFUS    --------------       COMBINED    UIRT       ------------------      COMBINED
                        HISTORICAL  HISTORICAL  DEBIT  CREDIT       PRO FORMA  HISTORICAL   DEBIT     CREDIT       PRO FORMA
                        ----------  ----------
------  -------     ----------  ----------  
-------    -------      ----------

REVENUES
 Rental income......    $33,424      $39,651                          $73,075    $25,533   $3,682              (k)   $94,926
 Management fee
    income..........        
635                   412          (a)        223         --                                 223
 Investment and
    other income....        
383        1,872                            2,255        379                               2,634
                        -------  
-----------  -------  
-------        -------     ------   ------     -------       -------
       Total
         revenues...     34,442       41,523      412                  75,553     25,912    3,682                     97,783

EXPENSES
 Operating expenses.      
9,184       12,858                69 (a)     21,973      7,075                  676  (k)    28,372
 Depreciation and
    amortization....      
4,217        6,984             1,027 (b)     10,174      4,539                1,479  (b)    12,739
                                                                                                          495  (k)
 Interest expense...      7,411       15,558             4,659 (c)     18,310      7,913    1,516              (h)    27,395
                                                                                                          344  (k)
 General &
    administrative..      2,361          642               343 (a)      2,660      1,717                               4,377
 Management fee to
    parent..........         --        3,632             3,632  (e)        --         --                                  --
 Advisory fee.......         --           --                               --      1,160                1,160  (i)        --
 Litigation.........         --           --                               --        228                  228  (j)        --
 Equity income from
    investments in
    joint ventures..         --         (293)                            (293)        --                                (293)
 Impairment loss....         --           --                               --      6,000                6,000  (j)        --
 Previous
    management
    incentive and
    other fees......         --       14,944            14,944  (f)        --         --                                  --
                        -------  -----------  -------  
-------        -------     ------   ------     -------       -------
       Total
         expenses...     23,173       54,325            24,674         52,824     28,632    1,516      10,382         72,590
                        -------  -----------  
-------  -------        
-------     ------   ------     -------       -------
Income (loss)
   before minority
   interest, gain
   on sale of real
   estate and
   income tax
   expense..........     11,269      (12,802)     412   24,674         22,729     (2,720)   5,198      10,382        25,193
Minority interest
   in losses of
   consolidated
   partnerships.....         --           --                               --         42       42              (l)       --
Gain (loss) on the
   sale of real
   estate...........         --         (354)              354 (d)         --      1,425    1,425              (k)       --
                        -------  -----------  -------  
-------        -------     ------   ------     -------       -------
Income (loss)
   before income
   tax expense......     11,269      (13,156)     412   25,028         22,729     (1,253)   6,665      10,382        25,193
Income tax expense
   (benefit)........         --           --
 Current............         --           25                25  (g)        --         --                                 --
 Deferred...........         --       (4,626)   4,626           (g)        --         --                                 --
                        -------  -----------  -------  
-------        -------     ------   ------     -------       -------
    Total income
   tax expense
   (benefit)                 --       (4,601)   4,626       25             --         --                                 --
                        -------  -----------  -------  
-------        -------     ------   ------     -------       -------
Net income (loss)...    $11,269      $(8,555)  $5,038  $25,053        $22,729    $(1,253)  $6,665     $10,382       $25,193
                        =======  ===========  =======  =======        =======     ======   ======     =======       =======
Per share
 Basic..............      $0.97  $(73,119.66)                           $1.03     $(0.14)                             $0.98
                        =======  ===========  =======  =======        =======     ======   ======     =======       =======
 Diluted............      $0.95  $(73,119.66                            $1.02     $(0.14)                             $0.97
                        =======  ===========  =======  =======        =======     ======   ======     =======       =======
Weighted average
   shares
   outstanding
 Basic..............     
11,651            *        *   10,500  (m)    22,151      8,919    8,919       3,678    (n) 25,829
                        =======                        =======        =======     ======   ======     =======       =======
 Diluted............     
11,886            *        *   10,500  (m)    22,386      8,919    8,919       3,678    (n) 26,064
                        =======  ===========  =======  =======        =======     ======   ======     =======       =======

*  0.117 shares.

            NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR
                        THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AND PERCENTAGE DATA)

(a)      To eliminate asset and property management fees earned by Equity One
         from CEFUS for the period August 18, 2000 to December 31, 2000.
(b)      To adjust depreciation to reflect the purchase adjusted basis of rental
         property and depreciation policies of Equity One.
(c)      To eliminate interest expense on loans paid off by CEFUS prior to
         combination with Equity One, including the restructuring of certain
         loans payable to a company under common control which will be
         restructured to eliminate any net, inter company debt and will become
         direct obligations to the underlying third party lenders.

(d)      To eliminate loss on sale of rental property to reflect change in
         purchase basis.

(e)      To eliminate management fees paid by CEFUS to its indirect parent,
         Centrefund.

(f)      To eliminate incentive and other fees paid under management agreements
         no longer in force.

(g)      To eliminate CEFUS income tax provisions due to Equity One's REIT
         status.

(h)      To increase interest expense to reflect borrowings under Equity One's
         credit agreement and other borrowings for the cash portion of UIRT
         purchase price.
The estimated amount is based on additional borrowings
         of $24,257 at a variable interest rate of 6.25%.
If the underlying
         floating rate were to increase or decrease by 0.125%, the associated
         interest would change by $30.


(i)      
To eliminate advisory fees under agreements terminated upon
         Gazit-Globe's acquisition of Centrefund.

(j)      To eliminate non-recurring expenses incurred by UIRT.

(k)      To eliminate gain on sale and eliminate revenue and expenses on
         properties sold in 2000 and 2001.

(l)      To eliminate minority interest.

(m)      
To record the elimination of 0.117 CEFUS shares and reflect the
         issuance of 10,500 Equity One shares in the acquisition of CEFUS.

(n)      
To record the elimination of 8,919 UIRT shares and reflect the issuance
         of 3,678 Equity One shares representing the sum of 925 shares issued
         under the commitment with Alony Hetz Properties & Investments Ltd. and
         2,753 shares issued to UIRT shareholders in connection with the merger
         transaction.
The 2,753 shares represents an exchange ratio of .60131
         Equity One shares for 50% of each of the 9,143 outstanding UIRT shares
         which represents (i) 8,561 outstanding common shares of beneficial
         interest, (ii) 254 UIRT common shares reserved for issuance upon the
         exercise of stock options and (iii) 239 operating partnership units
         which are convertible into UIRT common shares.
The exchange ratio is
         based on an Equity One stock price of $12.12.

                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED PRO FORMA BALANCE SHEET
                              AS OF MARCH 31, 2001
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                   PRO FORMA                                      PRO FORMA
                                                  ADJUSTMENTS                                    ADJUSTMENTS
                        EQUITY ONE    CEFUS    -----------------       COMBINED    UIRT       ------------------      COMBINED
                        HISTORICAL  HISTORICAL  DEBIT    CREDIT       PRO FORMA  HISTORICAL   DEBIT     CREDIT       PRO FORMA
                        ----------  ----------
------    -------     ----------  ----------  
-------    -------      ----------

ASSETS

Net rental property
   investments.........  
$230,400    $235,969  $29,412              (a) $495,781  $147,797   $5,452              (f)   $649,030
Investment in joint
   ventures............        --      11,834                             11,834        --                               11,834
Cash and cash equivalents     783       3,006                              3,789       206                                3,995
Restricted cash........     4,356          --                              4,356     4,438                4,356  (g)      4,438
Securities available for
   sale................     1,564          --                              1,564        --                                1,564
Accounts and other
   receivables, net....       
913      14,221                             15,134        --                               15,134

Due from related parties       12          --                                 12        --                                   12
Deposits...............     1,505          --                              1,505        --                                1,505
Prepaid and other assets    1,185       6,565                2,713  (c)    5,037     4,898                1,932  (f)      8,003
Deferred expenses, net.     
1,401          --                              1,401        --                                1,401
Deferred income tax
   assets..............        --       1,268                1,268  (c)       --        --                                   --
Goodwill, net..........       
631          --                                631        --                                  
631
                         --------    --------
--------    --------      
--------  --------  -------     
-------        --------
TOTAL ASSETS...........  $242,750    $272,863  $29,412      $3,981      $541,044  $157,339   $5,452      $6,288        $697,547
                         ========    ======== ========    ========      ========  ========  =======     =======        ========
LIABILITIES AND
   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Liabilities
 Mortgage notes payable   125,540     161,956    5,214              (b)  282,282    48,956                              331,238
 Credit agreement......     
3,772          --                              3,772    21,764               24,257 (g)      49,793
 Capital lease obligation      --          --                                 --     9,696                                9,696
 Construction note
    payable............        --          --                                 --     4,878                                4,878
 Accounts payable and
    accrued expenses...     3,067      11,352    5,330              (c)    9,089     4,905    1,379             (f)      12,615
 Tenant security deposits   1,666          --                              1,666        --                                1,666
 Deferred rental income       709          --                                709        --                                  709
 Due to related parties        --       3,800    3,800              (b)       --        --                                   --
 Minority interest in
    equity of
    consolidated
    subsidiary.........     3,869          --                              3,869        --                                3,869
                         --------    --------
--------    --------      
--------  --------  -------     -------        --------
Total liabilities......   138,623     177,108   14,344                   301,387    90,199    1,379      24,257         414,464
Minority Interest in
   Equity of
   Consolidated
   Partnerships........        --          --                                        2,088    2,088              (k)         --
Stockholders' Equity
 Common Stock..........       129      97,396   97,396  (e)    105  (d)      234    87,281   28,613   (g)    28  (i)        272
                                                                                             33,366   (i)
                                                                                             10,059   (j)
                                                                                             16,076   (h)     9  (j)
                                                                                              1,932   (f) 5,452  (f)
                                                                                              5,569   (h) 1,379  (f)
                                                                                                584   (h) 2,088  (k)
 Additional Paid-in
    Capital............   106,171      10,143               29,412  (a)  241,596        --               33,338  (i)    284,984
                                                   105  (d)  9,014  (b)                                  10,050  (j)
                                                 2,713  (c)
                                                11,704  (e)  5,330  (c)
                                                 1,268  (c) 97,396  (e)
 Retained Earnings
    (Deficit)..........       
131     (11,784)              11,784  (e)      131   (16,076)              16,076  (h)        131
 Accumulated other
    comprehensive income     (150)         --                               (150)                                          (150)
 
Unamortized restricted
    stock compensation.    
(1,609)         --                             (1,609)                                        (1,609)
 Treasury stock, at
    cost, 873 shares in
    2001...............        --          --                                 --    (5,569)               5,569  (h)         --
 Note receivable from
    issuance of common
    stock..............      
(545)         --                               (545)     (584)                 584  (h)       (545)
                         --------    --------
--------    --------      
--------  --------  -------     -------        
--------
Total shareholders'
   equity..............   104,127      95,755  113,266     153,041       239,657    65,052   96,199      74,573         283,083
                         --------    --------
--------    --------      
--------  --------  -------     
-------        --------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY.
$242,750    $272,863 $127,610    $153,041      $541,044  $157,339  $99,666     $98,830        $697,547
                         ========    ======== ========    ========      ========  ========  =======     =======        ========

         NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 31, 2001
              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AND PERCENTAGE DATA)

(a)      
To record the push-down of 68.1% of the basis of the common parent,
         Gazit-Globe, in CEFUS.

(b)      To reflect the elimination of inter company balances of CEFUS which
         will be converted to capital prior to the combination.
(c)      To eliminate CEFUS deferred income tax asset and amounts due for
         certain fees to be paid prior to the combination.

(d)      To reclassify the par value of stock issued in the combination with
         CEFUS from additional paid in capital.

(e)      To eliminate retained deficit and common stock of CEFUS to additional
         paid in capital.

(f)      To adjust rental property and other assets and liabilities of UIRT to
         estimated fair value.

(g)      To reflect cash and borrowings by Equity One under its credit agreement
         for cash portion of the purchase price of UIRT.

(h)      To eliminate shareholders' equity accounts of UIRT.

(i)      
To record the fair market value of the estimated number of Equity One
         shares issued to UIRT shareholders based on market price of $12.12 on
         the date of announcement, May 30, 2001.

(j)      
To record 925 shares at a sales price of $10.875 per share to be issued
         under the commitment with Alony Hetz Properties and Investments, Ltd.
         Proceeds from the issuance of these shares will be used to fund part of
         the cash portion of the purchase price of UIRT.

(k)      To eliminate minority interest due to conversion of operating
         partnership units to UIRT common equity and then to Equity One stock or
         cash.

            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                    FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                        
PRO FORMA                                       PRO FORMA
                                                        ADJUSTMENTS                                    ADJUSTMENTS
                              EQUITY ONE    CEFUS    -----------------       COMBINED    UIRT       ------------------      COMBINED
                              HISTORICAL  HISTORICAL  DEBIT    CREDIT       PRO FORMA  HISTORICAL  DEBIT      CREDIT       PRO FORMA
                              ----------  ----------
------    -------     ----------  ----------  
-----      -------      ---------

REVENUES
 Rental income.........         
$9,165     $9,570                             $18,735     $6,258    $273              (g)   $24,720
 Management fee income.            
526        --       419            (a)         107         --                                107
 Investment and other income       136        314                                 450        155                                605
                               -------   --------     ----    ------          -------      ------
------      ------        -------
       Total revenues..          9,827      9,884      419                     19,292      6,413     273                     25,432
EXPENSES
 Operating expenses....          2,733      3,093                286  (a)       5,540      1,666                  91  (g)     7,115
 Depreciation and
    amortization.......          1,220      1,559                144  (b)       2,635      1,053                 288  (b)     3,339
                                                                                                                  61  (g)
 Interest expense......          2,082      3,099                  8   (c)      5,173      1,844                  36  (g)     7,360
                                                                                                     379              (h)
 General & administrative          718        183                133   (a)        768        356                              1,124
 Management fees to parent          --        650                650   (d)         --         --                                 --
 Advisory fees.........             --         --                                  --        213                 213  (e)        --
 Litigation............             --         --                                  --        478                 478  (e)        --
 Strategic alternative
    review expense.....             --         --                                  --        250                 250  (e)        --
 Equity income from
    investments in joint
    ventures...........             --       (127)                               (127)        --                               (127)
                               -------   
--------     ----    
------          -------     
------  ------      ------        
-------
       Total expenses..          6,753      8,457              1,221           13,989      5,860     379       1,417         18,811
                               -------   
--------     ----    
------          -------     
------  ------      
------        -------
Income before minority
   interest, gain on sale
   of real estate and
   income tax expense..          3,074      1,427      419     1,221            5,303        553     652       1,417          6,621
Minority interest in losses
   of consolidated
   partnerships........             --         --                                  --        (14)                 14  (i)        --
Gain on the sale of real
   estate..............             --         --                                  --          4                  (4) (g)        --
                               -------   --------     ----    ------          -------     ------  ------      ------        -------
Income before income tax
   expense.............          3,074      1,427      419     1,221            5,303        543     652       1,427          6,621
Income and other taxes                                                                        --
 Current...............             --         50                 50  (k)          --         --                                 --
 Deferred..............             --        455                455  (k)          --         --                                 --
                               -------   --------     ----    ------          -------     ------  ------      ------        -------
       Total income tax
         expense                    --        505                505               --                                            --
                               -------   --------     ----    ------          -------     ------  ------      ------        -------
Net income.............         $3,074       $922     $419    $1,726           $5,303       $543    $652      $1,427         $6,621
                               =======   ========     ====    ======          =======     ======  ======      ======        =======
Per share
 Basic.................          $0.24   6,681.16                               $0.23      $0.06                              $0.25
                               =======   ========     ====    ======          =======     ======  ======      ======        =======
 Diluted...............          $0.23   6,681.16                               $0.22      $0.06                              $0.24
                               =======   ========     ====    ======          =======     ======  ======      ======        =======
Weighted average shares
   outstanding.........

 Basic.................         12,706     *                  10,500  (f)      23,206      8,652   8,652       3,678  (j)    26,884
                               =======   ========     ====    ======          =======     ======  ======      ======        =======
 Diluted...............         13,232     *                  10,500  (f)      23,732      8,652   8,652       3,678  (j)    27,410
                               =======   ========     ====    ======          =======     ======  ======      ======        =======

* 0.138 shares

          NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE
                        THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001
              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AND PERCENTAGE DATA)

(a)      To eliminate asset and property management fees earned by Equity One
         from CEFUS.

(b)      To adjust depreciation to reflect the purchase adjusted basis of rental
         property and depreciation policies of Equity One.
(c)      To eliminate interest expense on loans paid off by CEFUS prior to
         combination with Equity One including the restructuring of certain
         loans payable to a company under common control which will be
         restructured to eliminate any net, intercompany debt and will become
         direct obligations of the underlying third party lenders.

(d)      To eliminate management fees paid by CEFUS to its indirect parent,
         Centrefund.

(e)      To eliminate non-recurring expenses incurred by UIRT.

(f)      To record the elimination of 0.138 CEFUS shares and reflect the
         issuance of 10,500 Equity One shares issued in the acquisition of
         CEFUS.

(g)      To eliminate gain on sale and eliminate revenue and expenses on
         properties sold prior to Equity One's acquisition of UIRT.

(h)      To increase interest expense to reflect borrowings under Equity One's
         credit agreement and other borrowings for the cash portion of UIRT
         purchase price.
The estimated amount is based on an additional
         borrowings of $24,257 at an interest rate of 6.25%.  
If the underlying
         floating rate were to increase by 0.125% the associated interest costs
         would increase from $379 to $387.

(i)      
To eliminate minority interest.

(j)      
To record the elimination of 8,652 UIRT shares and reflect the issuance
         of 3,678 Equity One shares representing the sum of 925 shares issued
         under the commitment with Alony Hetz Properties and Investment, 2,753
         shares issued to UIRT shareholders in connection with the merger
         transaction.
The 2,753 shares represents an exchange ratio of .60131
         Equity One shares for 50% of each of the 9,143 outstanding UIRT shares
         which represents (i) 8,561 outstanding common shares of beneficial
         interest, (ii) 254 UIRT common shares reserved for issuance upon the
         exercise of stock options and (iii) 239 operating partnership units
         which are convertible into UIRT common shares.
The exchange ratio is
         based on an Equity One stock price of $12.12.

(k)      To eliminate CEFUS income tax provisions due to Equity One's REIT
         status.

                       
CERTAIN FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION

         Certain statements made in this proxy statement may constitute
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.
Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding our
intent, belief or current expectations and our management and involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements.
Such factors include, among other things, the
following: maintaining REIT status, general economic and business conditions,
the ability to achieve synergies and cost savings by combining our
operations with CEFUS and UIRT, the ability to manage properties in areas
outside our traditional geographic markets, our ability to manage a
significantly greater number of properties, which will, among other things,
affect the demand for retail rental space, availability and creditworthiness of
prospective tenants, lease rents and the terms and availability of financing;
adverse changes in the real estate markets including, among other things,
competition with other companies; risks of real estate markets including,
development and acquisition; governmental actions and initiatives; and
environment/safety requirements.

            
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND STOCK OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT

         The table below sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of May 31, 2001, by the following individuals
or groups:

         o   each person or entity who is known by us to own beneficially more
             than 5% of our outstanding stock;

         o   our chief executive officer and four of our most highly compensated
             executive officers;

         o   each of our directors; and

         o   all directors and executive officers as a group.

         
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each of the individuals
listed in the table is c/o Equity One, Inc., 1696 N.E. Miami Gardens Drive,
North Miami Beach, Florida 33179.
Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to
community property laws where applicable, to our knowledge the persons named in
the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock held by them.

         
The number of shares beneficially owned by each individual or group is
based upon information in documents filed by such person with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, other publicly available information or information
available to us.
Percentage ownership in the following table is based on
13,011,901 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2001.
Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with
respect to securities.
Shares of our common stock subject to options that are
presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of May 31, 2001 are deemed
to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for
the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of that person, but are not
treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of any other
person.

                                                       
AMOUNT AND NATURE OF               PERCENTAGE OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                   BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP          OUTSTANDING SHARES OWNED
- - ------------------------------------                   --------------------          ------------------------

Chaim Katzman (1)..............................             8,969,290                        67.44%
Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd. (2)....................             8,245,239                        63.37%
M.G.N. (USA), Inc..............................             3,851,672                        29.60%
Gazit (1995), Inc..............................             3,274,749                        25.17%
Nathan Hetz (3)................................             2,029,000                        14.45%
Alony Hetz Properties & Investments, Ltd. (4)..             2,025,000                        14.43%
Doron Valero (5)...............................               562,940                         4.25%
Howard M. Sipzner (6)..........................                83,499                           *
Noam Ben-Ozer (7)..............................                23,502                           *
Shaiy Pilpel (8)...............................                23,500                           *
Barbara Miller (9).............................                
21,304                           *
Alan J. Marcus (10)............................                20,002                           *
Robert L. Cooney (11)..........................                20,000                           *
Ronald S. Chase (12)...........................                17,000                           *
Alan Merkur....................................                15,400                           *
Peter Linneman.................................                 4,000                           *
Dori Segal.....................................                 4,000                           *
All  executive  officers and directors of Equity
One as a group (13 persons)....................            11,793,437                        80.19%

*       Represents ownership of less than 1.0%

1.       
Includes (i) 3,274,749 shares of common stock owned by Gazit (1995),
         Inc. ("Gazit (1995)") which Mr. Katzman may be deemed to control; (ii)
         3,851,672 shares of common stock owned by M.G.N. (USA), Inc. ("M.G.N.")
         which Mr. Katzman may be deemed to control; (iii) 1,118,818 shares of
         common stock owned by Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd. ("Gazit-Globe (1982)");
         (iv) 371,034 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Katzman; (v) 287,984
         shares of common stock issuable to Mr. Katzman upon the exercise of
         options granted

         under our 1995 Stock Option Plan, which options are all currently
         exercisable; and (vi) 65,033 shares of common stock for which Mr.
         Katzman is custodian for his minor children.

2.       Includes (i) 1,118,818 shares of common stock owned by Gazit-Globe
         (1982); (ii) 3,851,672 shares of common stock owned by M.G.N.; and
         (iii) 3,274,749 shares of common stock owned by Gazit (1995).

3.       Includes (i) 1,000,000 shares of common stock owned by Alony Hetz
         Properties & Investments, Ltd. ("Alony Hetz") which Mr. Hetz may be
         deemed to jointly control; (ii) 375,000 shares of common stock issuable
         to Alony Hetz upon the exercise of warrants owned by Alony Hetz and
         exercisable through December 31, 2001; (iii) 650,000 shares of common
         stock issuable to Alony Hetz upon the exercise of warrants owned by
         Alony Hetz and exercisable through December 31, 2002; and (iv) 4,000
         shares of common stock owned by Mr. Hetz.
Does not include 925,000
         shares of common stock which we are obligated to sell and Alony Hetz is
         obligated to purchase on or before August 17, 2001.
