URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1142701/000091205701526013/0000912057-01-526013.txt

THE MERGERS    

Background of the Mergers  

    NetZero's senior management team focused on Juno since December 1999 when Juno began offering free Internet access services.
In May 2000, NetZero's senior
management team reached a consensus that an overture towards Juno was appropriate based on equity market conditions, similarity of product offerings and potential synergies.

    
In
May 2000, Mark Goldston, NetZero's chief executive officer, telephoned Charles Ardai, Juno's president and chief executive officer, and David E. Shaw, the chairman of Juno's
board of directors, to discuss the merits of a potential combination of NetZero and Juno.
Through July 2000, NetZero and Juno held several informal telephonic discussions to consider the
possibility of a business combination, but no proposals resulted from those discussions. 

    
In
August 2000, representatives of Juno and NetZero met at the offices of Goldman Sachs in New York to continue the discussions regarding a potential combination.
In late
August 2000, Mr. Ardai and Richard Eaton, Juno's former chief financial officer and treasurer, met with Mr. Goldston, Jon Fetveit, NetZero's vice president, strategy and
development, Ronald Burr, NetZero's president, and Charles Hilliard, NetZero's chief financial officer.
The discussions between the parties continued by telephone and in September 2000, NetZero
advised Juno that NetZero was not prepared to enter into a business combination at that time. 

    
During
the fall of 2000, the parties remained in occasional contact to determine whether there might be interest in a combination.
In January 2001, Toby Bryce, Juno's former
senior vice president of business development, met with Messrs. Hilliard and Fetveit in California to discuss the pending lawsuits between the parties and to discuss the possibility of a
business combination or strategic relationship between the parties. 

    
In
January 2001, NetZero launched the NetZero Professional service, which is currently called the Extended Access Pass its first pay Internet access service.
In
March 2001, NetZero launched the
NetZero Platinum service, NetZero's first monthly recurring billable subscription Internet access service. 

    
In
April 2001, Mr. Goldston telephoned Dr. Shaw to once again initiate discussions concerning a possible business combination.
Dr. Shaw and
Mr. Goldston agreed that their respective teams would have telephone discussions during the week of April 23, 2001, to assess the possibility of a transaction.
During the week of
April 23, 2001, representatives of NetZero and Juno had conversations and began to analyze the merits of combining the two companies. 

    
On
May 2, 2001, Messrs. Hilliard and Fetveit met with Mr. Ardai and Harshan Bhangdia, Juno's senior vice president and chief financial officer, at Juno's offices
in New York to continue discussions. 

    
On
May 8, 2001, NetZero proposed a business combination between NetZero and Juno in the form of an all stock transaction.
The proposed combination would be structured as a
merger of a subsidiary of NetZero with and into Juno, in which Juno stockholders would receive 35% of the combined company. 

    
Over
the following week, NetZero and Juno discussed elements of the proposal, and the parties worked toward reaching an agreement on selected material terms.
Among other terms, the
parties discussed an ownership percentage of approximately 38.5% for Juno stockholders. 

    
On
May 16, 2001, NetZero and Juno entered into a three-week exclusivity agreement. 

    
On
May 21, 2001 representatives of NetZero, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, counsel to NetZero, Morgan Stanley, financial advisor to NetZero, Juno and Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett, special counsel to Juno, met at the offices of Morgan Stanley in New York to discuss the proposed transaction. 


At this time, the parties agreed that the transaction would be structured to provide for the establishment of a new holding company, of which both NetZero and Juno would become subsidiaries.
The
holding company structure was proposed to allow both the Juno and the NetZero brands and services to continue to exist while creating a new corporate identity.
Following that meeting, representatives
of NetZero continued their due diligence effort and, during the evening of May 21, 2001, Brobeck delivered a first draft of the merger agreement and related documents.

    
On
May 24 and May 25, 2001, representatives of Juno and Simpson Thacher conducted due diligence with respect to NetZero in Westlake Village, California. 

    
Over
the following days, due diligence continued and the parties negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and related documents. 

    
On
June 4, 2001, Juno's board of directors held a meeting at Simpson Thacher's offices.
Negotiation of the merger agreement continued after that meeting and on June 5,
2001. 

    
During
the afternoon of June 5, 2001, NetZero's board of directors met telephonically and received presentations from NetZero's senior management team, representatives of
Morgan Stanley and representatives of Brobeck.
After deliberation, NetZero's board of directors adopted resolutions with respect to the proposed transaction.
See "Recommendation of NetZero's Board of
Directors." 

    
During
the evening of June 5, 2001, Juno's board of directors met and received presentations from Juno's senior management, representatives of Simpson Thacher and
representatives of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown.
At that meeting, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown rendered its oral opinion to the Juno board of directors as to the fairness to Juno stockholders from a
financial point of view of the exchange ratio of shares of our common stock for each share of Juno common stock.
After deliberation, Juno's board of directors adopted resolutions with respect to the
proposed transactions.
See "Recommendation of Juno's Board of Directors." 

    
Negotiation
of the merger agreement and related documents continued on June 6, 2001 and June 7, 2001.
On the afternoon of June 7, 2001, Juno's board of directors held a
meeting at which representatives of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown reaffirmed its opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio for Juno common stock, from a financial point of view, to Juno's
stockholders, and Juno's board of directors reaffirmed its earlier approval of the proposed transaction. 

    
After
the closing of the Nasdaq National Market on June 7, 2001, the parties executed and delivered the merger agreement and issued a press release announcing the proposed
transaction. 


NetZero's Reasons for the Mergers  

    From time to time beginning May 2000, NetZero's management team informally updated members of NetZero's board of directors with respect to of the status
of discussions with Juno and the reasons that NetZero's management team believed the combination had the potential to deliver value to NetZero's stockholders.
At a meeting on June 5, 2001,
NetZero's board of directors received presentations from members of NetZero's management team, Morgan Stanley and Brobeck.
NetZero's management team highlighted its belief in the transaction as well
as some of the risks associated with the mergers, including many of the issues described under "Risk Factors."
NetZero's board of directors made a business judgment concerning the potential of the
combined company and the following are the
material reasons that NetZero's board recommends that NetZero's stockholders vote, at the NetZero special meeting, in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 

    
Accelerate Growth in Pay Internet Access Business.
  
Beginning in early 2001, NetZero began supplementing its revenues by
offering pay Internet access services.
Until early 2001, NetZero had no experience in the pay Internet access services business.
Juno had been offering pay services since 1998 and had acquired a great
deal of expertise in managing pay services.
In addition, Juno had developed a 

significant pay subscriber base.
The proposed transaction presented NetZero's board of directors with the opportunity to accelerate NetZero's growth and expertise in the pay Internet access business.

NetZero's board of directors was aware of the costs, time and uncertainty associated with building a similar base of pay subscribers and management experience with pay subscribers and determined that
the opportunity was in NetZero's best interests. 

    
Opportunity to Spread Telecommunications and Networking Costs over a Larger Base.
  
NetZero secured favorable pricing and
protected itself against near term increases in telecommunication costs by negotiating telecommunications agreements of up to three years of duration with a number of vendors.
Some of these agreements
require NetZero to purchase a fixed amount of telecommunications capacity, regardless of whether that capacity is used by subscribers.
Juno generally has short-term agreements with telecommunications
providers which do not require fixed capacity commitments and are priced at levels per unit in excess of NetZero's costs, assuming full utilization of NetZero's purchased capacity.
The mergers
represent an opportunity to spread the costs of NetZero's telecommunications capacity and infrastructure over a larger number of subscribers. 

    
Marketing to the Value Segment of the Internet.
  
Most of the largest Internet service providers, including AOL Time
Warner, Earthlink, and The Microsoft Network, offer standard monthly pricing ranging from $19.95 to $23.90.
Both Juno and NetZero had previously focused on building their businesses to be supported by
advertising revenues.
NetZero believes that, because of this focus, both its and Juno's infrastructure have a much lower cost basis than the typical Internet service provider.
In addition, the offer
of free Internet access services has proven to be an effective consumer offering, and Juno has demonstrated that many free users can be converted to pay users at a $9.95 value price point.
NetZero
believes there are a significant number of consumers interested in value priced Internet access as an alternative to the standard industry pricing.
NetZero's board of directors determined that the
combined company could more efficiently offer these services while containing marketing and operating costs than either party could do on a stand-alone basis. 

    
Attractive Consolidated Advertising Base.
  
NetZero believes that the Internet access market will continue to be
attractive to advertisers.
Our ability to deliver a large subscriber base of users, based on NetZero's and Juno's active subscriber counts in March 2001, will potentially be more attractive to
online advertisers than what NetZero or Juno would be able to deliver as stand-alone companies. 

    
Potential Cost Savings.
  
NetZero believes that our cost base will be lower than the sum of NetZero's and Juno's cost
bases as stand-alone entities.
NetZero's management believes reductions in telecommunication expenses, headcount, elimination of duplicate purchasing of services, reduction of marketing expenses,
consolidation of facilities and other cost reductions may be achieved by us.
NetZero's board of directors also recognized that there would be near term costs associated with implementing these
reductions. 

    
Confidence in NetZero's Management Team.
  
NetZero's board of directors was aware of the risks associated with the
mergers, including those set forth under "Risk Factors."
NetZero's board of directors also considered the challenges of integrating the two organizations.
NetZero's board of directors believes that
NetZero's management team will be successful in realizing the synergies referred to in Morgan Stanley's presentation. 

    
Morgan Stanley's Opinion.
  
NetZero's board of directors received a presentation from representatives of Morgan Stanley
on June 5, 2001.
NetZero's board of directors considered that presentation as well as Morgan Stanley's opinion as of that date, and subject to the assumptions and considerations in its opinion,
that the ratio of the exchange ratio for shares of Juno common stock to the exchange ratio for shares of NetZero common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to the holders of shares of
NetZero common stock from a financial point of view.
Please read Annex B carefully in its entirety and see "Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated." 

    
Due Diligence Review of Juno.
  
NetZero's board of directors received presentations from NetZero's management on
June 5, 2001 concerning the results of NetZero's investigation of Juno's business, finances and legal affairs.
NetZero's board considered the results of that investigation and risks identified
by members of NetZero's management team. 

    
Terms of the Merger Agreement and Related Transactions.
  
On June 5, 2001, NetZero's board of directors received a
presentation from representatives of Brobeck concerning the terms of the merger agreement, the negotiations with Juno and legal issues related to the proposed transaction.
Members of NetZero's
management also informed the NetZero board of directors about the terms of the agreements with related parties of Juno and the severance and retention bonus provisions proposed for Juno's directors,
officers and employees.
For more information, see "Interests of Juno Directors and Executive Officers in the Mergers." 

    Indications of Support.
  
NetZero's board of directors noted that NetZero's senior management team supported the proposed
combination.
NetZero's board of directors also noted that holders of 40.5% of
NetZero's outstanding shares of common stock were willing to enter into agreements to vote for the adoption of the merger agreement. 

    
Specific Negative Factors Considered.
  
NetZero's board of directors considered many potentially negative aspects of the
proposed transactions.
Several of these aspects were identified in NetZero's management's presentation, including, uncertainties concerning integration of the businesses, the potential loss of
subscribers, the effect of the Federal Trade Commission proposed order with respect to Juno, the potential termination of Juno's outsourced services agreements and others.
Morgan Stanley's
presentation was based, in part, on management's financial model which may contain optimistic assumptions.
Representatives of Brobeck highlighted costs associated with the mergers, risks identified in
connection with Juno's representations and warranties in the merger agreement and the inadequacy of the compensation to NetZero if Juno terminated the merger agreement because it received a superior
proposal.

    
NetZero's board of directors is knowledgeable and familiar with NetZero's industry.
Accordingly, they were also aware of many of the risks highlighted in "Risk Factors.
"

    This
list is not exhaustive but includes the material factors considered by NetZero's board of directors.
Individual members of NetZero's board may have considered other factors not
included in this list.
NetZero's board of directors did not attempt to assign relative weight to these factors but rather made the decision to approve the merger agreement after considering the
totality of the available information. 


Recommendation of NetZero's Board Of Directors  

    After careful consideration, the NetZero board of directors, on June 5, 2001, unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the
mergers are fair to, and in the best interest of, NetZero and its stockholders and approved the merger agreement and the mergers.
In reaching its decision, the NetZero board of directors consulted
with its management team and advisors and independently considered the proposed merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

The NetZero board of
directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of NetZero vote "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement.

    
In
considering the recommendation of the NetZero board of directors with respect to the merger agreement, you should be aware, however, that directors and executive officers of
NetZero may have interests in the mergers that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of NetZero stockholders.
Please see "Interests of NetZero Directors and Executive Officers in
the Mergers." 


Juno's Reasons for the Mergers  

    At multiple meetings in June 2001, Juno's board of directors received presentations from members of Juno's management team, Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown Inc., and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett highlighting the potential benefits of the transaction as well as some of the risks associated with the mergers, including many of the issues
described under "Risk Factors." 

The following are material reasons that Juno's board approved the mergers and that it recommends that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger
agreement.

    
Significantly Greater Cash Resources.
  
As of March 31, 2001, NetZero had cash, cash equivalents short term
investments and restricted cash of $163.0 million and unencumbered cash (defined as cash and cash equivalents in excess of payables and indebtedness) estimated at $125 million.
At the
same date, Juno had cash and cash equivalents of $46.8 million and unencumbered cash of approximately $20 million.
A combination with NetZero would provide Juno with access to
significantly increased cash resources at a time when alternate sources of funding are either unavailable entirely or available only on unattractive terms and/or in insufficient quantity.
Juno's board
believes that the mergers will reduce the risk of Juno's either exhausting its cash resources or suffering significant erosion in its subscriber base due to the expense-reduction measures necessary
for the preservation of such resources. 

    
Opportunity to Enhance Billable Subscriber Base.
  
Juno has been marketing billable services to its free subscriber base
since 1998.
Repeated exposure to such marketing messages over time may reduce their effectiveness.
NetZero's subscriber base of almost 4 million active users in March 2001 represents a
largely untapped and potentially valuable pool of subscribers to whom Juno's billable services can be marketed. 

    
Potential Cost Synergies.
  
By combining operations, Juno and NetZero will have the opportunity to achieve significant
cost savings over time through the reduction of duplicative facilities and personnel, and through the coordination of marketing expenses and other costs.
Additionally, with a larger combined
subscriber base, it should be possible to achieve economies of scale in areas such as the purchasing of telecommunications services and the provision of technical support and customer service to
subscribers. 

    
Optimization of Telecommunications Commitments and Expenses.
  
Telecommunications expense represents Juno's and NetZero's
largest expense.
NetZero has purchased more telecommunications capacity than it is currently utilizing, while Juno currently has telecommunications traffic in excess of Juno's own capacity
commitments.
Juno believes that by running a portion of its excess traffic over NetZero's excess capacity, it can generate cost savings for both companies.
Furthermore, by carefully comparing the
companies' telecommunications pricing on a city-by-city basis, United Online should be able to take advantage of the most favorable telecommunications terms enjoyed by each
company. 

    
Potential Advertising Revenue Synergies.
  
Juno believes that as a larger company with a significantly greater subscriber
base, United Online should be able to compete more effectively for advertising revenues in an industry where scale is an important competitive factor.
Based on the companies' combined active
subscriber count in March 2001, United Online's subscriber base would exceed seven million subscribers, roughly double the size of either Juno's or NetZero's subscriber base as stand-alone
companies.
Additionally, by combining with NetZero, Juno will gain access to existing advertising relationships that NetZero has formed, as well as to sales staff and related resources in excess of
those Juno possesses independently. 

    
Intellectual Property Resources.
  
Juno and NetZero have developed highly complementary intellectual property, and Juno's
management believes both companies stand to gain from a combination that allows them to use their technology resources collaboratively for the development and operation of enhanced services for both
consumers and advertisers. 

    
Greater Market Visibility.
  
Juno believes that, by virtue of its greater size and market share, United Online will enjoy
greater visibility than Juno would be able to achieve independently, not only among consumers but also in the investment community.
This increased visibility may attract greater levels of investment
research and should enhance trading liquidity. 

    
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's Opinion.
  
Juno's board of directors received a presentation from representatives of Deutsche
Banc Alex.
Brown on June 5, 2001.
Juno's board of directors considered that presentation as well as Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's opinion that, as of the date of the opinion, and subject to and
based on the assumptions and considerations referred to in the opinion, the 0.3570 ratio to exchange shares of Juno common stock for shares of United Online stock was fair to the holders of
Juno common stock from a financial point of view.
Please read Annex C carefully in its entirety and see "Opinion of Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown Inc." 

    This
list is not exhaustive but includes certain of the material factors considered by Juno's board of directors.
Individual members of Juno's board may have considered other factors
not included in this list. 

    
In
view of the variety of material factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the mergers, the Juno board of directors did not quantify or assign relative weights to the
specific factors considered in reaching its recommendation.
Instead, the Juno board made its recommendation based on the totality of the information presented and considered by it. 

    
Juno's
board of directors also took into consideration potential costs and risks associated with the mergers and the combined company, and concluded that the potential benefits of the
mergers outweighed these factors.
These factors include the risk that the potential benefits sought in the mergers might not be fully realized and the risk that the investment community and the
consumer marketplace might respond negatively to the proposed transaction.
There can be no assurance that any of the expected results, efficiencies, opportunities or other benefits described in this
section will be achieved as a result of the mergers.
For information concerning these and additional risks associated with the mergers, please see "Risk Factors." 

    
The
board also considered the substantial costs expected to be incurred in connection with the mergers, including the costs of integrating the companies' businesses and transaction
expenses resulting from the mergers. 


Recommendation of Juno's Board of Directors  

    After careful consideration, the Juno board of directors, on June 5, 2001, unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the mergers
were fair to, and in the best interest of, Juno and its stockholders and approved the merger agreement and the mergers.
In reaching its decision, the Juno board of directors consulted with its
management team and advisors and independently considered the proposed merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
On June 7, 2001, the Juno board of directors
reaffirmed its earlier determination that the terms of the mergers were fair to, and in the best interest of, Juno and its stockholders.
The Juno board of directors unanimously recommends that the
stockholders of Juno vote "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement. 

    
In
considering the recommendation of the Juno board of directors with respect to the merger agreement, you should be aware that directors and executive officers of Juno may have
interests in the mergers that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Juno stockholders.
Please see "Interests of Juno Directors and Executive Officers in the Mergers." 


Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated  

    NetZero retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with a financial fairness opinion in connection with the mergers.
At the meeting of NetZero's board of directors
on June 5, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of June 5, 2001, and subject to and based on the considerations in its opinion, the
ratio of the exchange ratio for shares of Juno common stock to the exchange ratio for shares of NetZero common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a

financial point of view to the holders of NetZero common stock.
Morgan Stanley has no obligation to update its opinion.

    
The
full text of Morgan Stanley's opinion, dated June 5, 2001, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley is attached as Annex B to this document.
We urge you to read this opinion carefully and in its entirety.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to
the board of directors of NetZero, addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view of the exchange ratio for shares of Juno common stock to the exchange ratio for shares of NetZero common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement, and does not address any other aspect of the mergers or constitute a recommendation to any NetZero stockholder as to how to vote at the NetZero special meeting.

This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. 

    
In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley specifically identified the following actions as part of the process of arriving at its opinion:

•
reviewed
publicly available financial statements and other business and financial information of NetZero and Juno, respectively;

•
reviewed
internal financial statements and other financial and operating data concerning Juno and NetZero, respectively;

•
reviewed
financial forecasts prepared by the respective managements of Juno and NetZero;

•
reviewed
information relating to strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the mergers, prepared by the respective managements of Juno
and NetZero;

•
discussed
the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of Juno, including information relating to certain strategic, financial
and operational benefits anticipated from the mergers, with senior executives of Juno;

•
discussed
the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of NetZero, including information relating to certain strategic,
financial and operational benefits anticipated from the mergers, with senior executives of NetZero;

•
reviewed
and considered in the analysis, information prepared by members of senior management of NetZero and Juno relating to the relative contributions of
NetZero and Juno to the combined company;

•
discussed
Juno's litigation with respect to Freewwweb with members of senior management of NetZero and Juno;

•
reviewed
the pro forma impact of the mergers on cash flow and financial ratios;

•
reviewed
the reported prices and trading activity for the Juno common stock and the NetZero common stock;

•
compared
the financial performance of Juno and NetZero and the prices and trading activity of the Juno common stock and the NetZero common stock with that
of other publicly-traded companies comparable with Juno and NetZero, respectively, and their securities; 

•
reviewed
the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of comparable acquisition transactions;

•
participated
in discussions among representatives of Juno and NetZero and their financial and legal advisors;

•
reviewed
the draft merger agreement and related documents; and

•
considered
other factors and performed such other analyses as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate. 

    
Morgan
Stanley assumed and relied upon without independent verification the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied or otherwise made available to it by Juno and NetZero
for the purposes of its opinion.
With respect to the financial forecasts, including information relating to strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the mergers, Morgan Stanley
assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future financial performance of each of Juno and NetZero.
Morgan Stanley
relied
upon the assessment by the management of each of Juno and NetZero of their ability to retain key employees of Juno and NetZero, respectively.
Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment by the management of each of Juno and NetZero of Juno's and NetZero's technologies and products, the timing and risks associated with, Juno's and NetZero's integration and
the validity of, and risks associated with, Juno's and NetZero's existing products and technologies.
Morgan Stanley relied upon, without independent verification, the terms disclosed to Morgan Stanley
by management of Juno and NetZero with respect to the resolution of Juno's litigation with Freewwweb, and assumed that the dispute would be resolved in accordance with the terms outlined by Juno's
management.
In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the mergers would be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement, including, among other things, that the mergers
would be treated as tax-free reorganizations and/or exchanges under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
Morgan Stanley has not made any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities of Juno or NetZero, nor has Morgan Stanley been furnished with any appraisals.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in
effect on, and the information made available to Morgan Stanley as of June 5, 2001. 

    
The
following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its written opinion.
These
summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the
text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. 

    
Historical Share Price Performance.
  
Morgan Stanley reviewed the price performance and trading volumes of the common
stock of each of NetZero and Juno from June 1, 2000 through June 4, 2001.
The table below shows the twelve-month high and low closing prices during that period, compared with a closing
price on June 4, 2001 of $0.82 per share for the NetZero common stock and $1.62 per share for the Juno common stock: 

June 1, 2000

through

June 4, 2001

High

Low

NetZero

$

8.69

$

0.50

Juno

12.44

0.66

    Morgan
Stanley then compared the price performance of the NetZero common stock and the Juno common stock from January 3, 2000 through June 4, 2001 with that of the
Morgan Stanley Internet Index and a group of selected Internet service providers. 

    
The group of selected Internet service providers included EarthLink Inc., Excite@Home and Prodigy Communications.
Morgan Stanley selected EarthLink Inc., Excite@Home and
Prodigy Communications because they are publicly traded companies with operations that, for purposes of this analysis, may be considered similar to those of NetZero and Juno.
None of the companies
utilized in this analysis as a comparison is identical to NetZero or Juno. 

    
The
following table shows the changes in stock prices: 

% Change in Stock Price

from January 3, 2000

through June 4, 2001

NetZero

-97

%


Juno

-96

%

Excite@Home

-90

%

Prodigy Communications

-81

%

Morgan Stanley Internet Index

-80

%

EarthLink Inc.

-50

%

    Comparable Companies Analysis.
  
Morgan Stanley compared selected historical and projected financial and operating data
from publicly available research analyst estimates of NetZero and Juno with the corresponding data and stock market performance data available from publicly available sources for
EarthLink Inc., Excite@Home and Prodigy Communications. 

    
Morgan
Stanley calculated trading statistics for each member of the comparable companies including: 

•
The
multiple of aggregate value to revenue for the last twelve months ending March 31, 2001

•
The
multiple of aggregate value to 2000 revenue

•
The
multiple of aggregate value to forecasted 2001 revenue

•
The
multiple of the aggregate value to pay subscribers as of the first quarter of 2001 

    The
analysis showed the following multiples: 

Comparable Companies

Multiple

Implied

Juno

Ratios

High

Low

Last twelve month revenue multiple

4.36

x

1.40

x

0.16

x

2000 revenue multiple

4.40

x

1.55

x

0.17

x

2001 forecasted revenue multiple

4.27

x

1.34

x

0.19

x

First quarter 2001 pay subscriber multiple

$

934.17

$

187.61

$

21.48

    The implied ratios for Juno were derived from the exchange ratio for Juno common stock in the merger agreement.

    
No
company utilized in the comparable company analysis is identical to NetZero or Juno.
In selecting and evaluating the comparable companies, Morgan Stanley made certain judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters.
Mathematical analysis, like determining the average or median, of financial ratios of the comparable companies is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable company data. 

    
Multiples Paid in Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis.
  
Morgan Stanley reviewed ten recent selected business
combinations and analyzed announced deal values to subscriber multiples.
Morgan 

Stanley selected these transactions because they involved companies engaged in industries that are similar or related to those in which NetZero and Juno operate.
This analysis compares the ratio of
acquisition consideration to pay subscribers, a metric selected by Morgan Stanley in its discretion, for the ten precedent combinations to the mergers.

    
These
transactions are: the LineOne/Tiscali S.p.A. transaction, the surfEU.com Ltd./Tiscali S.p.A. transaction, the Planet Inkerkom/Tiscali S.p.A. transaction, the Liberty
Surf/Tiscali S.p.A. transaction, the AddCom AG/Tiscali S.p.A. transaction, the Freeserve plc/Groupe Wanadoo SA transaction, the Korea Thrunet Co., Ltd./SoftBank Corporation transaction, the
Mageos/Telecom Italia S.p.A. transaction, AOL/NTT Docomo, Inc. transaction and World Online International N.V./Tiscali S.p.A. transaction. 

    
The
analysis showed the following multiples: 

Estimated Aggregate Value/Pay Subscribers

LineOne/Tiscali S.p.A.

$

224.00

surfEU.com Ltd./Tiscali S.p.A.

$

104.17

Planet Inkerkom/Tiscali S.p.A.

$

100.58

Liberty Surf/Tiscali S.p.A.

$

798.89

AddCom AG/Tiscali S.p.A.

$

138.65

Freeserve plc/Groupe Wanadoo SA

$

1,103.58

Korea Thrunet Co., Ltd./SoftBank Corporation

$

273.83

Mageos/Telecom Italia S.p.A.

$

1,603.00

AOL/NTT Docomo, Inc.

$

503.81

World Online International N.V./Tiscali S.p.A.

$

1,327.93

Juno Online Services, Inc./NetZero, Inc.

$

21.48

    No company or transaction utilized in the precedent transactions analysis is identical to NetZero or Juno or the mergers.
In evaluating the transactions in this analysis, Morgan
Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of
NetZero or Juno, such as the impact of competition on the business of NetZero, Juno, or the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in the financial
condition and prospects of NetZero, Juno or the industry or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the
transactions to which they are being compared.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the mean or median, or the high or the low, is not in itself a meaningful method of using precedent
transactions data.

    
Relative Contribution Analysis.
  
Morgan Stanley compared pro forma contribution of each of NetZero and Juno, based on
active subscriber, pay subscriber and revenue projections provided to Morgan Stanley by the management of NetZero and Juno, to the resultant combined company 

assuming completion of the mergers.
This analysis indicated the following contribution for NetZero to the combined company on a pro forma basis: 

NetZero Contribution

Active Subscribers:

2001 estimated

49.3

%

2002 estimated

46.9

%

Pay Subscribers:

2001 estimated

32.6

%

2002 estimated

47.5

%

Revenue:

2001 estimated

34.3

%

2002 estimated

50.6

%

    Morgan
Stanley compared these results with the pro forma ownership by NetZero stockholders of approximately 61.5% of the common stock of the combined company. 

    
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
  
Morgan Stanley reviewed the implied historical exchange ratios for the shares of
common stock of each of NetZero and Juno determined by dividing the price per share of Juno common stock by the price per share of NetZero common stock over the twelve-month period from June 1,
2000 through June 4, 2001.
Morgan Stanley performed this analysis to compare the exchange ratios in the mergers with those represented by historical exchange ratios prevailing in the open
market. 

    
This
analysis indicated the following average historical exchange ratios prevailing in the open market: 


Period Ending Day of June 4, 2001

Exchange Ratio

Last one week average

1.660x

Last one month average

1.631x

Last six months average

1.655x

Last twelve months average

1.612x

    Morgan Stanley compared these results with the ratio of the exchange ratio for shares of Juno common stock to the exchange ratio for shares of NetZero common stock in the mergers of
1.785x, which represents a premium for shares of Juno common stock as compared to the historical exchange ratios prevailing in the open market.

    
Pro Forma Merger Analysis.
  
Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma effect of the mergers on each of NetZero's and Juno's
projected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for fiscal year 2001 to fiscal year 2002, based on projections provided to Morgan Stanley by the management of Juno
and NetZero.
The analysis indicated that the mergers would increase the EBITDA of the combined company as compared to each company on a stand-alone basis. 

    
In connection with the review of the mergers by NetZero's board of directors, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes of rendering its
opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description.
You should note that this summary description
describes each analysis separately, one after another; however, Morgan Stanley considered the results of the analyses performed as a whole.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the
results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it.
Morgan Stanley believes that the summary provided and the analyses
described above must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of these analyses, without considering all of them, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and
opinion.
In addition,

Morgan Stanley may have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so
that the range of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above should therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's view of the actual value of NetZero or Juno. 

    
In
performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made many assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of NetZero or Juno.
Any estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analysis are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these estimates.
The analyses performed were prepared solely as a part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a financial point of view to the holders of
common stock of NetZero of the ratio of the fraction of a share of our common stock into which each share of Juno common stock will be converted to the fraction of a share of our common stock into
which each share of NetZero common stock will be converted pursuant to the merger agreement and were conducted in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of its opinion dated June 5,
2001 to NetZero's board of directors.
Morgan Stanley's analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which shares of common stock of NetZero or Juno or our common stock
following the mergers might actually trade.
The ratio of the exchange ratio for shares of Juno common stock to the exchange ratio for shares of NetZero common stock pursuant to the merger agreement
was determined through arm's length negotiations between NetZero and Juno and was approved by NetZero's board of directors.
Morgan Stanley did not recommend to NetZero any specific ratio or that any
given ratio constituted the only appropriate ratio in connection with the mergers. 

    
NetZero's board of directors selected Morgan Stanley to act as NetZero's financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's qualifications, expertise and reputation.
Morgan Stanley is an
internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of
businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
In the ordinary course of business, Morgan Stanley may from time to time trade in the securities or indebtedness of NetZero and Juno for its
own account, the accounts of investment funds and other clients under the management of Morgan Stanley and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in these securities or indebtedness.

    
NetZero
paid Morgan Stanley a $600,000 financial advisory fee upon delivery of its financial opinion.
NetZero has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its expenses incurred in
performing its services and to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its
affiliates against liabilities and expenses, including liabilities under federal securities laws, related to or arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement and any related transactions. 


Opinion of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown Inc.  

    Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown acted as financial advisor to Juno in connection with the mergers.
At the June 5, 2001 meeting of Juno's board of directors,
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown delivered its oral opinion to Juno's board of directors to the effect that, based upon and subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limits of the review
undertaken by Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown, the exchange ratio of 0.3570 of a share of our common stock to be received in connection with the mergers by Juno common stockholders for each share of Juno
common stock was fair, from a financial point of
view, to holders of Juno common stock.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown noted that the exchange ratio for Juno common stock in the mergers was equivalent to a ratio of 1.7850 shares of NetZero common stock
to each share of Juno common stock.
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's oral opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing to Juno's board of directors on June 7, 2001. 

    
Deutsche
Banc Alex.
Brown's opinion is directed to the board of directors of Juno to assist it in connection with its consideration of the proposed mergers and relates only to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to Juno common stockholders of the exchange ratio of 0.3570 shares of our common stock for each share of Juno common stock.
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's
opinion does not relate to any other aspect of the mergers, is not an opinion as to the fairness of the mergers to NetZero or its stockholders and does not constitute a recommendation to Juno, NetZero
or their respective stockholders as to the mergers or as to how Juno or NetZero stockholders should vote with respect to the merger agreement. 

    
The full text of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's written opinion, dated June 7, 2001, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on
the review undertaken by Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex C to this document and we incorporate it by reference.
Juno stockholders are urged to read the
opinion carefully and in its entirety.
The summary of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's opinion set forth in this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

    
In connection with Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's role as financial advisor to the Juno board of directors, and in arriving at its opinion, Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown specifically
identified the following actions as part of the process of arriving at its opinion:

•
reviewed
certain publicly available financial and other information concerning NetZero and Juno and certain internal analyses and other information
furnished to it by NetZero and Juno; 
•
discussed
with the members of the senior management of NetZero and Juno the businesses and prospects of their respective companies and the joint prospects
of a combined company; 
•
reviewed
the reported prices and trading activity for NetZero common stock and Juno common stock; 
•
compared
certain financial and stock market information for NetZero and Juno with similar information for certain other companies whose securities are
publicly traded; 
•
reviewed
the financial terms of certain recent business combinations which it deemed comparable in whole or in part; 
•
reviewed
the terms of the merger agreement and certain related documents; and 
•
performed
such other studies and analyses and considered such other factors as it deemed appropriate. 

    
In
preparing its opinion, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown did not assume responsibility for the independent verification of, and did not independently verify, any information, whether
publicly available or furnished to it, concerning NetZero or Juno, including, without limitation, any financial information, forecasts or projections, considered in connection with the rendering of
its opinion.
Accordingly, for purposes of its opinion, Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all information it reviewed.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown did not
conduct a physical inspection of any of the properties or assets, and did not prepare or obtain any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of NetZero or Juno.
With
respect to the financial forecasts and projections, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown was advised by the management of each of Juno and NetZero that only financial projections or forecasts for the years 2001
and 2002 were available for both companies.
In rendering its opinion, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown expresses no view as to the reasonableness of those forecasts and projections, including the synergies,
or the assumptions on which they are based.
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's written opinion was based upon economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown as of, June 5, 2001 and Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown undertook no obligation to update its opinion to reflect any developments occurring after that date. 

    
For purposes of rendering its opinion, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown has assumed that, in all respects material to its analyses, the representations and warranties of the parties to the
merger agreement contained in the merger agreement are true and correct, each party to the merger agreement will perform all of the covenants and agreements to be performed by it under the merger
agreement and all conditions to the obligations of each of the parties to the merger agreement to consummate the mergers will be satisfied without any waiver.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown has also
assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other approvals and consents required in connection with the consummation of the mergers will be obtained and that in connection with obtaining
any necessary governmental, regulatory or other approvals and consents, or any amendments, modifications or waivers to any agreements, instruments or orders to which either Juno or NetZero is a party
or is subject or by which it is bound, no limitations, restrictions or conditions will be imposed or amendments, modifications or waivers made that would have a material adverse effect on Juno or
NetZero or materially reduce the contemplated benefits of the mergers.
In addition, Juno informed Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown, and accordingly for the purpose of rendering its opinion Deutsche Banc
Alex. Brown has assumed, that the mergers will be tax-free to each of Juno and NetZero and their respective stockholders. 

    
Set forth below is a summary of all material financial analyses performed by Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown in connection with its opinion and reviewed with the Juno board of directors at
its meeting on June 5, 2001.

    
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
  
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown compared the exchange ratio of 0.3570 of a share of our
common shares for each share of Juno common stock (which is equivalent to a ratio of 1.7850 shares of NetZero common stock to each share of Juno common stock) to the ratio of the closing market prices
of NetZero common stock and Juno common stock on June 5, 2001.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown also compared this ratio to selected average historical ratios of the closing market prices of Juno
common stock to NetZero common stock for several periods set forth below: 

Period

Average

exchange ratio

Average

Juno stock price

Implied premium

June 5, 2001

1.691

$

1.59

5.5

%

One-week average

1.666

1.57

7.2

One-month average

1.617

1.52

10.4

Three-month average

1.643

1.54

8.6

Six-month average

1.661

1.56

7.5

Nine-month average

1.649

1.55

8.2

Twelve-month average

1.614

1.52

10.6

    Pro Forma Financial Effects Analysis.
  
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown analyzed pro forma effects of the mergers without
taking into account potential after-tax cost savings, operating efficiencies, revenue effects and financial synergies NetZero and Juno could achieve if the mergers were completed.
The
analysis was based on the estimates of each company's management.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown observed that, on a standalone basis, Juno had approximately $11.41 of cash per active user and $4.88 of
unencumbered cash per active user as of March 31, 2001.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown also observed that, on a pro forma basis as of March 31, 2001, the pro forma combined company would have
a cash balance of $210.1 million, approximately 8 million active users and $26.26 of cash per active user.
Finally, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown observed that, on a pro forma basis as of
March 31, 2001, the pro forma combined company would have an unencumbered cash balance of $145.0 million, resulting in $18.13 of unencumbered cash per active user.
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown used cash in excess of payables and indebtedness as of March 31, 2001 to calculate the unencumbered cash balance.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown noted that the amount of cash and unencumbered
cash per active user on a pro forma basis is significantly higher than the amount of cash and unencumbered cash per active user for Juno on a standalone basis. 

    
Relative Contribution Analysis.
  
Based on financial projections prepared by Juno and NetZero management, Deutsche Banc
Alex. Brown compared the pro forma contribution of both NetZero and Juno to our company, giving effect to the completion of the mergers.
This analysis showed that on a pro forma basis (excluding the
effects of any synergies that may be realized as a result of the mergers and of non-recurring expenses relating to the mergers), the relative contribution of Juno and NetZero would be: 

Relative contribution analysis

(Dollars in Thousands)


NetZero

Juno

Cash as of March 31, 2001

$

163.3

$

46.8

Unencumbered cash as of March 31, 2001

125.0

20.0

Net revenues

2000 actual

33.0

%

67.0

%

2001 estimated

35.0

65.0

2002 estimated

51.0

49.0

Active subscribers

2000 actual

49.0

%

51.0

%

2001 estimated

53.0

47.0

2002 estimated

50.0

50.0

    Premium Analysis.
  
Based on data from Securities Data Corporation, Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown also reviewed the premiums
paid in selected stock-for-stock transactions, both across all industry sectors and in the technology sector, since January 1, 2000, where the entire equity interest in
the target company was acquired and where the market capitalization of the target company was within a range from $50 million to $200 million.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown defined the
technology sector as the high-technology sector, excluding biotechnology and medical technology.
The premiums were based upon Juno share price of $1.59 at close of business on
June 5, 2001 and assumed announcement date of June 6, 2001.
The review indicated the following premiums: 

NetZero's offer premium/(discount) to price prior to announcement

1 day prior

1 week prior

4 weeks prior

All industry sectors

Mean

25.9

%

35.5

%

43.1

%

Median

28.0

35.2

44.0

Technology sector

Mean

28.6

%

38.8

%

47.1

%

Median

29.7

36.1

44.0

Juno merger exchange ratio of 0.3570

5.5

%

19.0

%

(8.3)


%

    All
premiums for the selected transactions were calculated based on public information available at the time of announcement of such transactions, without taking into account
differing market and other conditions existing at the time the transactions occurred.
Because the reasons for, and circumstances surrounding, each of the transactions in the sample set were so
diverse, and due to the inherent differences between the operations and financial conditions of Juno and NetZero, on the one hand, and the companies involved in the selected transactions, on the other
hand, Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown believes the analysis of premiums paid in selected stock-for-stock transactions is not simply mathematical.
Rather, it involves complex
considerations and qualitative judgments, reflected in Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's written opinion, concerning differences in the financial and operating characteristics of the companies, prevailing
market conditions and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the companies. 

    
Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Companies.
  
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown compared certain financial information and
commonly used valuation measurements relating to NetZero and Juno with the
corresponding information and measurements for EarthLink, Inc., Prodigy Communications Corporation and Internet America, Inc.
None of the companies utilized as a comparison is identical
to NetZero or Juno.
Accordingly, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown believes the analysis of publicly traded comparable companies is not simply mathematical.
Rather, it involves complex considerations and
qualitative judgments, reflected in Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's written opinion, concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that
could affect the public trading value of the comparable companies.
Furthermore, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown cautions that given the high volatility of the share prices of each of NetZero and Juno,
combined with the absence of a set of truly comparable companies due to the unique business characteristics of each of NetZero and Juno, the results of the comparable companies valuation analysis are
less indicative than they would ordinarily be. 

    
Financial
information and valuation measurements reviewed by Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown included, among other things: 

•
common
equity market valuation as of June 5, 2001; 
•
operating
performance; 
•
ratios
of modified enterprise value, defined as equity market capitalization adjusted for debt and capital lease obligations and excluding cash on balance
sheet, to latest twelve months, or LTM, revenues and estimated 2001 and 2002 revenues; and 
•
implied
cash value per share based on estimates of unencumbered cash (defined as cash and cash equivalents in excess of payables and indebtedness) as of
March 31, 2001. 

    
To
calculate the trading multiples for the selected peer group companies, Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown used publicly available information concerning the selected peer group companies'
LTM revenues and estimated 2001 and 2002 revenues.
Multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, and earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, for the
selected peer group companies were not meaningful due to continued projected operating losses. 

    
In
the following table, which sets forth the trading multiples calculated by Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown, "NA" indicates multiples for which there were no published analyst forecasts: 

Modified Enterprise Value to Revenues

LTM

2001E

2002E

Trading multiples

NetZero

2.0x

NA

NA

Juno

0.6x

0.6x

NA

Peer Group

Range

0.2x—2.4x

2.0x—2.3x

1.6x—2.0-x

Median

2.0x

2.2x

1.8x

Mean

1.6x

2.2x

1.8x

    Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions.
  
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown reviewed the financial terms, to the extent
publicly available, of eleven proposed, pending or completed acquisition transactions since January 1998 involving companies in the Internet service provider sector.
All multiples for the
selected precedent transactions were based on public information available at the time of announcement of such transactions, without taking into account differing market and other conditions existing
at the time the transactions occurred.
Because the reasons for, and circumstances surrounding, each of the selected precedent transactions analyzed were so diverse, and due to the inherent differences
between the operations and financial conditions of Juno and NetZero, on the one hand, and the companies involved in the selected precedent transactions, on the other hand, Deutsche 

Banc Alex.
Brown believes that a selected precedent transactions analysis is not simply mathematical.
Rather, it involves complex considerations and qualitative judgments, reflected in Deutsche Banc
Alex.
Brown's written opinion, concerning differences between the characteristics of these transactions and the mergers that could affect the value of the subject companies and businesses of NetZero
and Juno.
Furthermore, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown cautions that, given the high volatility of the share prices of each of NetZero and Juno, the wide range of valuations for technology/Internet-related
equities during
the period surveyed and the unique business characteristics of each of NetZero and Juno, the results of the selected precedent transactions analysis are less indicative than they would ordinarily be. 

    
The
selected precedent transactions reviewed were: 

Acquiror

Target

Date Announced

Juno Online Services, Inc.

FreeWWWeb LLC subscribers

07/02/00

EarthLink, Inc.

OneMain.com, Inc.

06/08/00

CoreComm Ltd.

Voyager.net, Inc.

03/13/00

Prodigy Communications Corporation

SBC Communications Inc.
subscribers

11/22/99

Prodigy Communications Corporation

Flashnet Communications, Inc.

11/08/99

EarthLink, Inc.

MindSpring Enterprises, Inc.

09/23/99

Mindspring Enterprises, Inc.

Netcom subscribers from ICG

01/06/99

MindSpring Enterprises, Inc.

Spry Inc. (d/b/a "SpryNet")

09/10/98

Verio Inc.

Hiway Technologies, Inc.

07/28/98

Verio Inc.

NTX, Inc. (d/b/a "TABNet")

07/08/98

RCN Corporation

Erols Internet Inc.

01/21/98

    The
following table sets forth the transaction multiples for selected precedent transactions calculated by Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown: 

Enterprise Value to    

Last Quarter

Annualized

Revenue

One Year Forward

Revenue

Two Year Forward

Revenue

Number of

Subscribers

Range

2.0x—8.5x

1.6x—6.4x

1.1x—4.5x

$

40—2,445

Median

4.1x

3.2x

2.2x

Mean

4.6x

3.8x

2.6x

    Miscellaneous.
  
The foregoing summary describes analyses and factors that Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown deemed material in
its presentation to the board of directors of Juno, but is not a comprehensive description of all analyses performed and factors considered by Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown in connection with preparing
its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving the application of subjective business judgment in determining the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that considering any portion of
the analyses and of the factors considered without considering all analyses and factors could create a misleading view of the process underlying the opinion.
In arriving at its fairness determination,
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown did not assign specific weights to any particular analyses.

    
In
conducting its analyses and arriving at its opinions, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown utilized a variety of generally accepted valuation methods.
The analyses were prepared solely for
the purpose of enabling Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown to provide its opinion to Juno's board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to holders of Juno common stock of the
exchange ratio of Juno common stock for shares of our common stock in the mergers and do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may
be sold, which are inherently 

subject to uncertainty.
In connection with its analyses, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown made, and was provided by Juno management and NetZero management with, numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond Juno's or NetZero's control.
Analyses based on estimates or forecasts of future results are not
necessarily indicative of actual past or future values or results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by the analyses.
Because such analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of Juno, NetZero or their respective advisors, neither Juno nor Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown nor any other person assumes
responsibility if future results or actual values are materially different from these forecasts or assumptions. 

    
The
terms of the merger agreement were determined through negotiations between Juno and NetZero and were approved by Juno's board of directors.
Although Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown
provided advice to Juno's board of directors during the course of these negotiations, the decision to enter into the merger agreement was solely that of Juno's board of directors.
As described above,
the opinion and presentation of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown to Juno's board of directors was only one of a number of factors taken into consideration by Juno's board of directors in making its
determination to approve the merger agreement.
Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's opinion was provided to Juno's board of directors to assist it in connection with its consideration of the mergers and does
not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Juno common stock or NetZero common stock as to how to vote with respect to the mergers. 

    
Juno
selected Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown as financial advisor in connection with the mergers based on Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's qualifications, expertise, reputation and experience
in mergers and acquisitions.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown is a registered broker-dealer and member of the New York Stock Exchange.
Juno retained Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown pursuant to a letter agreement
dated May 31, 2001.
As compensation for Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's services in connection with the mergers, Juno has agreed to pay Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown a cash fee of $500,000 which is
payable upon delivery of its opinion, and has agreed to pay an additional cash fee of $350,000 if the mergers are consummated.
Regardless of whether the mergers are consummated, Juno has agreed to
reimburse Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown for all reasonable fees and disbursements of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's counsel (up to a total of $40,000) and all of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's reasonable travel
and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the mergers or otherwise arising out of the retention of Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown under the letter agreement.
Juno
has also agreed to indemnify Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown and its related persons to the full extent lawful against liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of
its engagement or the mergers. 

    
Deutsche
Banc Alex. Brown is an internationally recognized investment banking firm experienced in providing advice in connection with mergers and acquisitions and related
transactions.
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown and its affiliates may have, from time to time, provided investment banking, and other financial services to Juno and NetZero or their affiliates for which they
have received or may receive compensation, including Deutsche Banc Alex.
Brown's predecessor having acted as financial advisor to Juno in 2000 in connection with Juno's exploration of strategic
alternatives.
In the ordinary course of business, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown and its affiliates may actively trade in the securities and other instruments and obligations of Juno and NetZero for their
own accounts and for the accounts of their customers.
Accordingly, Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown and its affiliates may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities, instruments and
obligations. 


Interests of NetZero Directors and Executive Officers in the Mergers  

    In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of NetZero to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, stockholders of NetZero should
be aware that members of the NetZero board of directors and members of NetZero's management team have agreements or arrangements that provide them with interests in the mergers that differ from those
of NetZero stockholders.
The NetZero board of directors was aware of these agreements and arrangements during 

its deliberations of the merits of the mergers and in determining to recommend to the stockholders of NetZero that they vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 

    
Governance Structure and Management Positions.
  
Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, upon completion of the
mergers, the officers and directors of NetZero immediately prior to the completion of the mergers will be our officers and directors. 

    
NetZero Employee Stock Options and Restricted Shares.
  
Once the mergers are completed, we will assume in full each
NetZero stock option pursuant to the merger agreement.
This means that each NetZero employee stock option outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the mergers will be converted into an
option to acquire that number of shares of our common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole share, equal to the product of 0.2000 multiplied by the number of shares of NetZero common stock that
would have been obtained before the mergers upon exercise of the option, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
In addition, each outstanding restricted share of NetZero common stock will be converted
into 0.2000 of a share of our common stock. 

    
Indemnification and Insurance.
  
The merger agreement provides that, upon completion of the mergers, we will indemnify
and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present
directors, officers and employees of NetZero and its subsidiaries, in all of their capacities, for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the completion of the mergers: 

•
to
the same extent they were indemnified or had the right to advancement of expenses as of June 7, 2001, which is the date of the merger agreement,
pursuant to NetZero's restated certificate of incorporation, restated bylaws and indemnification agreements with any directors, officers and employees of NetZero and its subsidiaries; and 
•
to
the fullest extent permitted by law. 

    
The
merger agreement also provides that, upon completion of the mergers, that 

•
our
charter documents will include provisions regarding the elimination of liability for directors and officers no less advantageous to the intended
beneficiaries than the corresponding provisions of NetZero's charter documents before the mergers; and 
•
we
will maintain, for a period of six years, the current, or similarly advantageous, policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary
liability insurance maintained by NetZero, with respect to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or before the completion of the mergers up to a cost of $3,000,000 for such insurance. 


Interests of Juno Directors and Executive Officers in the Mergers  

    In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of Juno to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, stockholders of Juno should be
aware that members of the Juno board of directors and members of Juno's management team have agreements or arrangements that provide them with interests in the mergers that may differ from those of
Juno stockholders.
The Juno board of directors was aware of these agreements and arrangements during its deliberations of the merits of the mergers and in determining to recommend to the stockholders
of Juno that they vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 

    
Termination Protection Agreements for Executive Officers.
  
Each of Charles Ardai and Harshan Bhangdia have entered into
Termination Protection Agreements with Juno and it is anticipated that each of them will be terminated upon consummation of the mergers.
Pursuant to these agreements, as amended, upon consummation of
the mergers, the employment of Messrs. Ardai and Bhangdia will be terminated without cause and (a) Mr. Ardai will receive a severance payment equal to 125% of the sum of his base
salary and guaranteed bonus and (b) Mr. Bhangdia will receive a severance payment equal to 75% of the
sum of his base salary and guaranteed bonus.
Additionally, any outstanding and unvested options of these executive officers will become fully vested.
All payments made pursuant to 

these agreements will be reduced by any cash payments actually made to these employees under the WARN Act.
Furthermore, pursuant to these agreements, Mr. Ardai, in exchange for a payment equal
to 125% of the sum of his base salary and guaranteed bonus, has agreed not to compete with Juno's business for a period of one year, and Mr. Bhangdia, in exchange for a payment equal to 100% of
the sum of his base salary and guaranteed bonus, has agreed not to compete with Juno's business for a period of six months, in each case following the consummation of the mergers. 

    
Additionally,
Mr. Ardai and Mr. Bhangdia have agreed to provide services, as may be requested by United Online, during the 60 day period following consummation of
the mergers, for which they would be compensated at a weekly rate calculated based on their current annual base salary and guaranteed bonus. 

    
Directors Stock Option Acceleration.
  
Under Juno's 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, outstanding options granted to
non-employee directors automatically accelerate and become immediately exercisable in full upon consummation of the mergers. 

    
Indemnification and Insurance.
  
The merger agreement provides that, upon completion of the mergers, we will indemnify
and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present directors, officers and employees of Juno and its subsidiaries in all of their capacities, for acts or omissions
occurring at or prior to the completion of the mergers: 

•
to
the same extent they were indemnified or had the right to advancement of expenses as of June 7, 2001, which is the date of the merger agreement,
pursuant to Juno's restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreements with any directors, officers and employees of Juno and its subsidiaries; and 
•
to
the fullest extent permitted by law, in each case for acts or omissions. 

    
The
merger agreement also provides that, upon completion of the mergers, that 

•
our
charter documents must include provisions regarding the elimination of liability for directors and officers no less advantageous to the intended
beneficiaries than the corresponding provisions of Juno's charter documents before the mergers; and 
•
we
purchase as of the time the mergers are completed, a prepaid, non-cancelable, six year, "runoff" tail policy to be effective for six years
following the completion of the mergers with the current coverage of Juno's policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance for a cost no greater than
$3,000,000, or, if less, the greatest amount of coverage available for $3,000,000. 

    Leases.
  
As required by the merger agreement, Juno entered into sublease agreements with D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P.,
an entity affiliated with Dr. Shaw, for office space currently occupied by Juno at 120 West 45th Street, New York, New York.
Juno currently occupies four floors totaling approximately
46,000 square feet in the aggregate, at this location.
The sublease agreements provide for rent payments at $52 per square foot.
Juno has exercised its right to terminate these sublease agreements
effective as of January 31, 2002 and has made $165,900 in termination payments.
In addition, Juno occupies a single floor at 1540 Broadway, New York, New York leased from Bertelsmann Property,
Inc. under a lease between D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P., as lessee, and Bertelsmann Property, Inc.
Historically, Juno has used this space as a permitted occupant under this lease, and had agreed to
assume the performance of D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P.'s payment obligations under that lease.
In connection with the mergers, Juno has recently entered into a formal sublease agreement that
memorializes its obligations to sublease the space from D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P. through March 20, 2003 and clarifies that United Online and NetZero may occupy the space after consummation
of the mergers.


Completion and Effectiveness of the Mergers  

    The mergers will be completed when all of the conditions to completion of the mergers are satisfied or waived, including the adoption of the merger agreement
by the stockholders of each of NetZero and Juno.
The mergers will become effective upon the filing of certificates of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

    
We are working toward completing the mergers as quickly as possible.
We anticipate completing the mergers in September 2001 immediately after the stockholders of NetZero and
Juno adopt the merger agreement at their respective special meetings.


Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Mergers  

    The following summary discusses the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the mergers to U.S. holders of NetZero common stock and Juno common stock. 

    
For
purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder means: 

•
a
citizen or resident of the United States; 
•
a
corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States or any of its political subdivisions; 
•
a
trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. fiduciaries have the authority
to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or 
•
an
estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income regardless of its source. 

    
This
discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions currently in effect, all of which are
subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
The discussion assumes that NetZero stockholders hold their NetZero common stock and will hold their shares of our common stock, and that Juno
stockholders hold their Juno common stock and will hold their shares of our common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Further, the
discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to a particular stockholder in light of his, her or its personal investment circumstances or to
stockholders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including: 

•
insurance
companies; 
•
tax-exempt
organizations; 
•
dealers
in securities or foreign currency; 
•
banks
or trusts; 
•
persons
that hold their NetZero common stock or Juno common stock as part of a straddle, a hedge against currency risk or a constructive sale or conversion
transaction; 
•
persons
that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; 
•
investors
in pass-through entities; 
•
certain
expatriates; 
•
stockholders
who acquired their NetZero common stock or Juno common stock through the exercise of options or otherwise as compensation or through a
tax-qualified retirement plan; or 
•
holders
of options granted under any NetZero or Juno benefit plan. 

    
This
summary does not address tax consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual circumstances.
Moreover, this summary does not address any non-income
tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences of the mergers.
This summary does not address the tax consequences of 

any transaction other than the mergers.
Accordingly, you are strongly urged to consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax
consequences of the mergers to you. 

    
Neither
we, NetZero nor Juno will request a ruling from the United States Internal Revenue Service with respect to any of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the mergers and,
as a result, we can not assure you that the Internal Revenue Service will not disagree with or challenge any of the conclusions described below. 

    
It
is a condition to completion of the mergers that Brobeck deliver its opinion to NetZero and Simpson Thacher deliver its opinion to Juno to the effect that, on the basis of the
facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion the merger of NZ Acquisition Corp. into NetZero and the merger of JO Acquisition Corp. into Juno will each constitute an exchange
and/or a reorganization within the meaning of Section 351 or Section 368(a), respectively, of the Internal Revenue Code. 

    
As
a result the following tax consequences will apply: 

•
no
gain or loss will be recognized by us, NetZero, Juno, NZ Acquisition Corp. or JO Acquisition Corp. as a result of the mergers; 
•
no
gain or loss will be recognized by: 

•
U.S.
holders of NetZero common stock on the exchange of their NetZero common stock for shares of our common stock, except with respect to cash received by
U.S. holders of NetZero common stock in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock; or 
•
U.S.
holders of Juno common stock on the exchange of their Juno common stock for shares of our common stock, except with respect to cash received by U.S.
holders of Juno common stock in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock; 

•
the
aggregate adjusted basis of the shares of our common stock received in connection with the mergers by: 

•
a
U.S. holder of NetZero common stock will be equal to the aggregate adjusted basis of the U.S. holder's NetZero common stock exchanged for those shares of
our common stock reduced by any amount allocable to the fractional share interests in our common stock for which cash is received; and 
•
a
U.S. holder of Juno common stock will be equal to the aggregate adjusted basis of the U.S. holder's Juno common stock exchanged for those shares of our
common stock reduced by any amount allocable to the fractional share interests in our common stock for which cash is received; and 

•
the
holding period of the shares of our common stock received in connection with the mergers by: 

•
a
U.S. holder of NetZero common stock will include the holding period of the U.S. holder's NetZero common stock exchanged for those shares of our common
stock; and 
•
a
U.S. holder of Juno common stock will include the holding period of the U.S. holder's Juno common stock exchanged for those shares of our common stock. 

    
Any
change in currently applicable law, which may or may not be retroactive, or failure of any factual representations or assumptions to be true, correct and complete in all material
respects, could affect the continuing validity of the Brobeck tax opinion and the Simpson Thacher tax opinion. 

    
Cash Instead of Fractional Shares.
  
The receipt of cash instead of a fractional share of our common stock by a U.S.
holder of NetZero common stock or Juno common stock will result in taxable gain or loss to that U.S. holder for U.S. federal income tax purposes based upon the difference between the amount of cash
received by that U.S. holder and the U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in the fractional share.
The gain or loss will constitute capital gain or loss and will constitute long-term capital 

gain or loss if the U.S. holder's holding period is greater than twelve months as of the date the mergers are completed.
For non-corporate U.S. holders, this long-term capital
gain generally will be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20%.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 

    
Backup Withholding.
  
Payments to certain non-corporate U.S. holders may be subject to backup withholding on
cash payments received in connection with the mergers (including cash paid instead of fractional shares of our common stock).
Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. holder who: 

•
furnishes
a correct taxpayer identification and certifies as to not being subject to backup withholding on IRS Form W-9 or a substitute
or successor form; or 
•
is
otherwise exempt from backup withholding. 

    
If
a U.S. holder does not provide a correct taxpayer identification number, the U.S. holder may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.
Any amount paid as
backup withholding does not constitute an additional tax and will be creditable against such U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability.
U.S. holders should consult with their own tax advisors as
to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining the exemption. 

    
A
U.S. holder may avoid backup withholding by completing IRS Form W-9 or a substitute or successor form and submitting it to the paying agent for the transaction
when submitting such U.S. holder's stock certificate. 


Reporting Requirements
.
A U.S. holder of NetZero common stock or Juno common stock receiving shares of our common stock as a result of
the mergers may be required to retain records related to their NetZero common stock and Juno common stock, as applicable, and file with their federal income tax return, a statement setting forth facts
relating to the mergers. 


Accounting Treatment of the Transaction  

    We intend to account for the transaction under the purchase method of accounting for business combinations. 


Regulatory Matters  

    Antitrust Considerations.
  
The mergers are subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, which prevents specified transactions from being completed until required information and materials are furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and
the Federal Trade Commission and specified waiting periods are terminated or expire.
We have filed the required information and materials to notify the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission of the mergers, and the thirty day waiting period expired on July 23, 2001.

    
The
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission may challenge the mergers on antitrust grounds, either before or after expiration of the waiting
period.
Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the mergers, either the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission could take action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, or other persons could take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin the mergers.
Additionally, at any
time before or after the completion of the mergers, notwithstanding that the applicable waiting period expired or was terminated, any state could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest.
There can be no assurance that a challenge to the mergers will not be made or that, if a challenge is made, we will prevail. 


Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates of NetZero and Juno  

    The shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with the mergers will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of our common stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of either NetZero or Juno at the time of the special meetings.
Persons who may
be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under the common control of either NetZero or Juno and may include executive officers, directors and
significant stockholders of NetZero and Juno. 

    
Affiliates
may not sell their shares of our common stock acquired in connection with the mergers except pursuant to: 

•
an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares; 
•
an
exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or 
•
any
other applicable exemption under the Securities Act. 

    
Our registration statement on Form S-4, of which this document forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of our common stock to be received by Juno's or our
affiliates in connection with the mergers.


Nasdaq National Market Listing of United Online Common Stock to be Issued in the Mergers  

    We agreed in the merger agreement to use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with the
mergers to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance, before the completion of the mergers. 


Appraisal Rights  

    Under Delaware law, so long as the NetZero common stock and the Juno common stock remain listed on the Nasdaq National Market on their respective record dates
and assuming that our common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market, you are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the mergers. 

    
If
the NetZero common stock does not remain listed on the Nasdaq National Market as of its record date, then holders of NetZero common stock will be entitled to appraisal rights under
Delaware law.
Juno does not have to close the transaction if the holders of more than five percent of the NetZero common stock have exercised their appraisal rights. 

    
If
NetZero stockholders become entitled to appraisal rights with respect to the mergers, Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporate Law will govern the exercise of such
appraisal rights.
We have attached the full text of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporate Law as Annex D to this document for your review.
The following summary of the provisions of
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law is not intended to be a complete statement of its provisions and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of that law,
which we incorporate by reference: 

    
If
the mergers are completed, and a holder of NetZero common stock (1) files written notice with NetZero of an intention to exercise rights to appraisal of shares prior to the
special meeting, (2) does not vote in favor of the transaction and (3) follows the procedures set forth in Section 262, the holder will be entitled to be paid by us the fair value
of the shares of NetZero common stock as to which appraisal rights have been perfected.
The fair value of shares of NetZero common stock will be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, exclusive
of any element of value arising from the mergers.
The shares of NetZero common stock with respect to which holders have perfected their
appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 and have not effectively withdrawn or lost their appraisal rights are referred to in this document as the "dissenting shares." 

    
Appraisal rights are available only to the record holder of shares.
If you wish to exercise appraisal rights but have a beneficial interest in shares which are held of record by or in
the name of another person, such as a broker or nominee, you should act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 to perfect your appraisal rights. 

    
A
demand for appraisal should be signed by or on behalf of the stockholder exactly as the stockholder's name appears on the stockholder's stock certificates.
If the shares are owned
of record in a fiduciary capacity such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, the demand should be executed in that capacity, and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person, as in a
joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all joint owners.
An authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on
behalf of a record holder; however, in the demand the agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose that the agent is executing the demand as an agent or the record owner or
owners.
A record holder such as a broker who holds shares as nominee for several beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights of the shares held for one or more beneficial owners and not exercise
rights of the shares held for other beneficial owners.
In this case, the written demand should state the number of shares for which appraisal rights are being demanded.
When no number of shares is
stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares of record by the broker or nominee. 

    
If
you demand appraisal of your shares under Section 262 and you fail to perfect, or effectively withdraw or lose, your right to appraisal, your shares will be converted into a
right to receive a number of shares of our common stock in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement.
Dissenting shares lose their status as dissenting shares if: 

•
the
mergers are abandoned; 
•
the
dissenting stockholder fails to make a timely written demand for appraisal; 
•
the
dissenting shares are voted in favor of adoption of the merger agreement; 
•
neither
we nor the dissenting stockholder files a complaint or intervenes in a pending action within 120 days after the effective date of the
mergers; or 
•
the
dissenting stockholder delivers to us within 60 days of the effective date of the mergers, or thereafter with our approval, a written withdrawal
of the stockholder's demand for appraisal of the dissenting shares, although no appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery may be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of
the court. 

    
Failure
to follow the steps required by Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law for perfecting appraisal rights may result in the loss of your appraisal rights, in
which event a stockholder will be entitled to receive the consideration with respect to your dissenting shares in accordance with the merger agreement.
In view of the complexity of the provisions of
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, if you are considering objecting to the mergers should that option become available, you should consult your own legal advisor. 

    
Within
ten days after the effective date of the mergers, we must mail a notice to all stockholders who have complied with (1) and (2) above notifying such stockholders
of the effective date of the mergers.
Within 120 days after the effective date, holders of NetZero common stock may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery for the appraisal of
their shares, although they may, within 60 days of the effective date, withdraw their demand for appraisal.
Within 120 days of the effective date, the holders of dissenting shares may
also, upon written request, receive from us a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares with respect to which demands for appraisals have been received. 


Trading and Deregistration of NetZero and Juno Common Stock after the Mergers

    When the mergers are completed, NetZero common stock and Juno common stock will no longer be traded on the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT    

    The following summary of the merger agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement, which we incorporate by
reference and urge you to read carefully in its entirety. 


The Mergers  

    To accomplish the combination of NetZero's and Juno's businesses, we formed a new company, United Online, with two subsidiaries, NZ Acquisition Corp. and JO
Acquisition Corp.
At the time the mergers are completed: 

•
NZ
Acquisition Corp. will be merged into NetZero, and NetZero will be the surviving corporation.


•
JO
Acquisition Corp. will be merged into Juno, and Juno will be the surviving corporation.


•

As
a result, NetZero and Juno will each become a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. 


Effective Time  

    Once all the conditions to the mergers contained in the merger agreement have been satisfied or waived, we will complete the mergers.
The mergers will become
effective when each of the certificates of merger are filed with the Delaware Secretary of State. 


Conversion and Exchange of NetZero and Juno Stock  

    When the mergers are completed, NetZero common stockholders will receive 0.2000 of a share of our common stock for each share they own, and Juno common
stockholders will receive 0.3570 of a share of our common stock for each share they own.
No fractional shares of our common stock will be issued in connection with the mergers. 

    
When
the mergers are completed, our exchange agent will mail to you a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering your NetZero or Juno stock certificates in exchange for
statements indicating book-entry ownership of our common stock.
If you make a special request, we will issue you stock certificates.
When you deliver your stock certificates to the
exchange agent along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and any other required documents, your stock certificates will be cancelled and you will receive statements indicating
book-entry ownership of our common stock, or, if requested, stock certificates representing the number of full shares of our common stock to which you are entitled under the merger
agreement.
You will receive payment in cash, without interest, in lieu of any fractional shares of our common stock which would have been otherwise issuable to you as a result of the mergers. 

    
You
should not submit your NetZero or Juno stock certificates for exchange until you receive the transmittal instructions and a form of letter of transmittal from the exchange agent. 

    
You
are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on our common stock until the mergers are completed and you have surrendered your NetZero or Juno stock
certificates in exchange for certificates for shares of our common stock. 

    
We will only issue shares or a check in lieu of a fractional share in a name other than the name in which a surrendered NetZero or Juno stock certificate is registered if you present
the exchange agent with all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and show that you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes.


Treatment of NetZero and Juno Stock Options and Other Rights  

    NetZero.
  
We will assume each NetZero option.
Thus, upon completion of the mergers, each outstanding NetZero stock
option will be converted into an option to purchase the number of shares of our common stock that is equal to the product of 0.2000 multiplied by the number of shares of NetZero common stock subject
to that option, rounded down to the nearest whole share.
The exercise price per share will be equal to the exercise price per share of NetZero common stock subject to the option before the conversion
divided by 0.2000, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
In addition, each outstanding right to receive a restricted share of NetZero common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.2000
restricted shares of our common stock.
Furthermore, we will assume the outstanding offering period under NetZero's employee stock purchase plan and the purchase rights under the plan will be converted
into rights to purchase shares of our common stock, with the number of shares rounded down to the nearest whole share and the purchase price rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
The other terms of
the NetZero options and restricted shares referred to above will continue to apply. 

    
Juno.
  
Similarly we will assume each Juno option.
Thus, upon completion of the mergers, each outstanding Juno stock
option will be converted into an option to purchase the number of shares of our common stock that is equal to the product of 0.3570 multiplied by the number of shares of Juno common stock subject to
that option, rounded down to the nearest whole share.
The exercise price per share will be equal to the exercise price per share of Juno common stock subject to the option before the conversion
divided by 0.3570, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
In addition, we will assume the outstanding offering period under Juno's employee stock purchase plan and the purchase rights under the plan
shall be converted into rights to purchase shares of our common stock, with the number of shares rounded down to the nearest whole share and the purchase price rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

The other terms of the Juno options referred to above will continue to apply. 

    
Registration.
  
We will file a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of our common stock
subject to each NetZero and Juno option and restricted shares and will maintain the effectiveness of that registration statement for as long as any of the options or restricted shares remain
outstanding. 


Representations and Warranties  

    The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of NetZero and Juno relating to, among other things: 

•
corporate
organizational matters;

•
subsidiaries;

•
capital
structure;

•
authorization,
validity of agreement; necessary action;

•
board
approval and applicable state takeover laws;

•
the
stockholder vote required to adopt the merger agreement;

•
consents
and approvals;

•
share
ownership;

•
reports
and financial statements;

•
no
undisclosed liabilities;

•
absence
of specified changes or events;

•
litigation;

•
employee
benefits;

•
tax
matters;

•
intellectual
property;

•
employment
matters;

•
compliance
with applicable laws;

•
specified
contracts;

•
customer
and suppliers; 

•
information
supplied in connection with proxy statement/prospectus;

•
opinions
of financial advisors;

•
absence
of questionable payments;

•
insider
interests; and

•
brokers
and finders. 


Covenants  

    The
covenants in the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized.
We urge you to read carefully the provisions of the merger agreement titled "Covenants." 

 
Interim Conduct of Juno Pending the Mergers  

    Juno agreed that, during the period before completion of the mergers, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement, or to the extent
that the other party consents in writing, Juno and its subsidiaries will each carry on its respective business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, and substantially in the same manner as
previously conducted, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its present line of business and its relationships with third parties.
In addition to these agreements
regarding the conduct of business generally, Juno has agreed that, subject to specified exceptions, neither it nor its subsidiaries will: 

•
amend
its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

•
issue,
sell, transfer, pledge, dispose or of encumber any shares of capital stock, any voting debt or other securities convertible into such securities,
other than the granting of options to employees consistent with past practices or shares pursuant to previous agreements;

•
declare
or pay dividends;

•
split,
combine or reclassify any shares of its stock or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its stock;

•
modify
any of its material contracts or waive or assign any material rights or claims;

•
incur
any long term debt or, except in the ordinary course of business, incur or modify any short term indebtedness, or assume, guarantee, endorse or
otherwise become liable for the obligations of another, make any investments or capital contributions or enter into any material commitment or transaction, except as in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice;

•
transfer,
lease, sell or otherwise dispose of any assets worth more than $25,000 individually or $250,000 combined, other than in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice;

•
change
the compensation of, or make any loans to, its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, other than in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice;

•
make
payments to any existing pension, retirement allowance of other employee benefit or adopt or amend any such plans, or make payments to any officer,
director employee or affiliate, for unused vacation days;

•
enter
into any material commitment or transaction;

•
cancel
any insurance policy over $500,000 of which
it is a beneficiary if the policy is not otherwise terminating or being replaced;

•
revalue
any of its assets in any material respects; 

•
settle
or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim relating to the mergers or involving more than $200,000 or material
non-monetary obligations, or the settlement of which would otherwise be material to Juno;

•
pay
or otherwise satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations inconsistent with past practices of doing so and other than as contemplated in its
financial statements;

•
adopt
a plan of liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization (other than the mergers
contemplated by the merger agreement);

•
unless
required by GAAP, change any accounting methods or make or change any material election or accounting method relating to taxes;

•
enter
into any transaction with affiliates;

•
take
actions that would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the mergers not being satisfied, or a material delay in the
satisfaction of any of the conditions to the mergers; or

•
enter
into any agreement that would accomplish, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any of the foregoing. 

 
Interim Conduct of NetZero Pending the Mergers  

    NetZero agreed that, during the period before completion of the mergers, neither it nor its subsidiaries will: 

•
amend
its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

•
declare
or pay dividends;

•
split,
combine or reclassify any shares of its stock or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its stock;

•
transfer,
lease, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets;

•
take
actions that would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the mergers not being satisfied, or a material delay in the
satisfaction of any of the conditions to the mergers; or

•
enter
into any agreement that would accomplish, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any of the foregoing. 

 
No Solicitation of Alternate Transactions  

    The merger agreement contains detailed provisions prohibiting Juno from seeking an alternative transaction.
Under these "no solicitation" provisions, Juno has
agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries, officers and directors, will, directly or indirectly: 

•
solicit,
initiate, knowingly encourage or induce the making, submission or announcement of any takeover proposal with respect to Juno;

•
participate
in any discussions or negotiations with any person regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, or take any other
action that would reasonably be expected to facilitate any inquiry or proposal that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any takeover proposal with respect to Juno;

•
authorize,
approve or recommend any takeover proposal with respect to Juno; or 

•
enter
into any letter of intent or similar document accepting or providing for any takeover proposal with respect to Juno. 

    
However,
the merger agreement does not prevent Juno, or its board of directors from: 

•
complying
with Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act with regard to a tender or exchange offer not arising out of a violation of the
non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement; or

•
before
the adoption of the merger agreement by Juno's stockholders, from furnishing information regarding Juno or entering into negotiations or discussions
with, or entering into an agreement relating to a takeover proposal with, any person in response to a takeover proposal with respect to Juno made, submitted or announced (and not withdrawn) to the
extent that

•
the
takeover proposal is not attributable to a material breach of the merger agreement;

•
the
board of directors of Juno concludes in good faith, consistent with advice of outside legal counsel, that failure to take such actions would likely
constitute a breach of the fiduciary obligations of the board of directors of Juno to Juno's stockholders;

•
the
board of directors of Juno concludes, in good faith, consistent with the advice of Juno's financial advisor, that such Juno takeover proposal is
reasonably likely to lead to a superior takeover proposal;

•
prior
to furnishing any information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, the person making that proposal, Juno gives NetZero written
notice of the identity of the person making the proposal, the terms and conditions of the takeover proposal and Juno's intention to furnish information to, or enter into discussions or negotiations
with, the person making the takeover proposal;

•
Juno
receives from the person making the takeover proposal an executed confidentiality agreement which will not in any way restrict Juno from complying
with its disclosure obligations under the merger agreement and which will contain customary limitations on the use and disclosure of all nonpublic written and oral information furnished to that person
by or on behalf of Juno and other terms no less favorable to Juno than those set forth in the confidentiality agreement between NetZero and Juno; and

•
contemporaneously
with furnishing any information to the person making the takeover proposal with respect to Juno, Juno furnishes the same information to
NetZero. 

    
For
purposes of the merger agreement, a takeover proposal means any offer or proposal for a merger or other business combination involving Juno after which the stockholders of Juno
immediately prior to such merger or business combination would own less than 80% of the voting securities of the surviving corporation or the parent of the surviving corporation, or the acquisition of
20% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Juno, or the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of Juno. 

    
Juno
has agreed that: 

•
it
will promptly keep NetZero informed of the status and terms of any proposals, offers, discussions or negotiations covered by the "no solicitation"
provisions of the merger agreement;

•
it
will immediately cease and terminate any activities, exchanges of information, discussions or negotiations existing as of June 7, 2001, the date
of the merger agreement, with any parties conducted before that date with respect to any acquisition proposal;

•
it
will inform its directors, officers, and financial, legal, accounting and other advisors retained or involved in the mergers of the obligations of the
"no solicitation" provisions of the merger agreement; and 

•
it
will request that each person who has executed such a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement in connection with the mergers return to
Juno or otherwise dispose of the confidential information. 

 
Compliance with FTC Consent Agreement  

    Juno covenants and agrees to fully comply with all the terms of its consent agreement with the Federal Trade Commission dated May 15, 2001. 

 
Notification  

    Juno and NetZero each have agreed to give prompt notice to the other party of: 

•
the
occurrence or non-occurrence of any event of which would reasonably be expected to cause any of its representations or warranties to be
untrue in any material respect; and

•
its
material failure to comply with or satisfy any of covenant, condition or agreement in the merger agreement. 


Additional Agreements  

    The merger agreement also provides for additional agreements and covenants which we urge you to read carefully.
Specifically, the merger agreement provides
that the parties use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions and do all things necessary, proper and advisable under the merger agreement and applicable laws to complete the mergers as
soon as practicable after the date of the merger agreement.
The merger agreement also contains covenants relating to the cooperation between NetZero and Juno in the preparation of this document and
additional agreements between them relating to, among other things, access to information, mutual notice of specified matters, public announcements, affiliate agreements and securities, tax and other
governmental regulations. 

    
The
parties have further agreed to the following: 

 Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance  

    We will indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present directors, officers and employees of NetZero and Juno, and
their subsidiaries, in all of their capacities, for acts or omissions occurring prior to the completion of the mergers: 

•
to
the same extent they were indemnified or had the right to advancement of expenses as of June 7, 2001, which is the date of the merger agreement,
pursuant to Juno's restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreements with any directors, officers and employees of Juno and its subsidiaries; and

•
to
the fullest extent permitted by law, in each case for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the completion of the mergers. 

    
We
will also maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance for six years following the completion of the mergers with coverage no less
advantageous than the current policies of NetZero and Juno, for a cost of up to $3,000,000. 

 
Juno Benefit Matters  

    We will grant Juno's employees credit for service with Juno up to the time of the completion of the mergers for purposes of benefit plans, waive any
limitations on pre-existing conditions and apply expenses incurred before the completion of the mergers to applicable deductible, co-insurance and maximum
out-of-pocket provisions. 

 
Severance Agreements  

    We will honor the severance arrangements between Juno and its executive officers and directors.
For more information, see "Interests of Juno Directors and
Executive Officers in the Mergers." 

 
Name  

    If, within 30 days of the date of the merger agreement, NetZero determines that it will not use the name "United Online, Inc." because it would
violate the rights of a third party or otherwise be inadvisable or impractical from a trademark law perspective, it will notify Juno and Juno and NetZero will engage in good faith discussions to
select an alternate name. 

    
With
limited exceptions, within 90 days of the completion of the mergers, we, NetZero and Juno will stop using the name "NetZero" to advertise, promote or offer pay Internet
access services. 

 
Juno 401(k) Plan  

    Immediately before the completion of the mergers, Juno will terminate its 401(k) plan. 

 
Juno's Transfer of Shares of India Subsidiary  

    Before completion of the mergers, an affiliate of Juno will transfer all the shares of Juno Online Services Development Private Limited not owned by it to
NetZero. 

 
Leases  

    As required by the merger agreement, Juno entered into sublease agreements with D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P. for office space currently occupied
by Juno at 120 West 45th Street, New York, New York.
Juno currently occupies four floors at this location, totaling approximately 46,000 square feet in the

aggregate, in this location.
The sublease agreements provide for rent payments at $52 per square foot.
Juno has exercised its right to terminate these sublease agreements effective as of
January 31, 2002 and has made $165,900 in termination payments.
In addition, Juno occupies a single floor at 1540 Broadway, New York, New York leased from Bertelsmann Property, Inc.
under a lease between D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P., as lessee, and Bertelsmann Property, Inc.
Historically, Juno has used this space as a permitted occupant under this lease, and had agreed to assume
the performance of D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P.'s payment obligations under that lease.
In connection with the mergers, Juno has recently entered into a formal sublease agreement that memorializes its
obligations to sublease the space from D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P. through March 20, 2003 and clarifies that United Online and NetZero may occupy the space after consummation of the mergers.


Conditions to the Mergers  

    Mutual Obligations.
  
Each of NetZero's and Juno's obligations to complete the mergers are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of specified conditions before completion of the mergers, including the following: 

•
the
adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of:

•
the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Juno common stock; and

•
the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of NetZero common stock; 

•
the
absence of any statute, rule, regulation, order or injunction prohibiting completion of the mergers;

•
the
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976; 

•
the
approval for listing, by the Nasdaq National Market, of the shares of our common stock to be issued, or to be reserved for issuance, in connection with
the mergers, subject to official notice of issuance; and

•
the
declaration of effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this document forms a part, by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, and the absence of any stop order. 

    
NetZero's Obligations.
  
NetZero's obligations to complete the mergers relating to NetZero are also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions: 

•
Juno's
representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the date
of completion of the mergers, except for representations and warranties that expressly address matters only as of a particular date, which must be true and correct as of that particular date;

•
Juno
must have complied in all material respects with its obligations under the merger agreement;

•
Juno
must not have experienced a material adverse effect;

•
NetZero
must have received from Brobeck, a written opinion to the effect that for federal income tax purposes, each merger will constitute an exchange
and/or a reorganization within the meaning of Section 351 or Section 368(a), respectively, of the Internal Revenue Code;

•
the
voting agreements, the affiliate agreements and the non-competition agreements signed with Juno's stockholders must be in full force and
effect; and

•
prior
to the completion of the merger, Juno must have entered into an agreement to provide for an extension of the lease and the services agreement
relating to Juno's operations in India for six months after the completion of the mergers. 

    
Juno's Obligations.
  
Juno's obligations to complete the mergers relating to Juno are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following additional conditions: 

•
NetZero's
representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
date of completion of the mergers, except for representations and warranties that expressly address matters only as of a particular date, which must be true and correct as of that particular date;

•
NetZero
must have complied in all material respects with its obligations under the merger agreement;

•
NetZero
must not have experienced a material adverse effect;

•
Juno
must have received from Simpson Thacher, a written opinion to the effect that for federal income tax purposes, each merger will constitute an exchange
and/or a reorganization within the meaning of Section 351 or Section 368(a), respectively, of the Internal Revenue Code;

•
the
voting agreements, the affiliate agreements and the non-competition agreements signed with NetZero's stockholders must be in full force and
effect; and

•
the
holders of no more than 5% of the outstanding shares of NetZero common stock will have exercised their appraisal rights. 

    
For
purposes of the merger agreement, a material adverse effect means a material adverse effect on or development with: 

•
the
business, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or results of operations of the applicable company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or 

•
the
ability of that company to timely consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

    
A
material adverse effect will not result from, among other things, changes in the economy, the Internet services business or trading prices of the Juno or NetZero's stock price. 


Termination  

    The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the completion of the mergers, whether before or after the stockholder approvals have been
obtained: 

•
by
mutual written consent of NetZero and Juno;

•
by
either NetZero or Juno if:

•
the
mergers are not completed on or before November 30, 2001, except that this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any
party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause of, or has resulted in, the failure of the mergers to be completed such date;

•
any
governmental entity shall have:

•
issued
an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the mergers, and the order, decree,
ruling or other action becomes final and nonappealable; or

•
failed
to issue an order, decree or ruling or to take any other action, and the denial of a request to issue the order, decree, ruling or take any other
action becomes final and nonappealable, which action is necessary to complete the mergers, except that this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to
comply with the provisions of the merger agreement relating to the use of commercially reasonable efforts to complete the mergers is the cause of such action or inaction; 

•
the
approval of either party's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement is not obtained;

•
the
other party materially breaches its obligations under the merger agreement because of a failure to call a special meeting of its stockholders to vote
on the adoption of the merger agreement or a failure to mail this document to its stockholders; or

•
the
other party breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in the merger agreement in
such a way as to render those conditions incapable of being satisfied on or before November 30, 2001. 


•
by
NetZero if Juno's board of directors fails to recommend that Juno's stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement or effects a
change in its recommendation of adoption of the merger agreement, whether or not permitted by the terms of the merger agreement, or if Juno's board failed to call the stockholder meeting or failed to
prepare and mail the proxy statements to the stockholders; or

•
by
Juno if Juno notifies NetZero that it intends to accept a superior proposal and NetZero does not timely respond with a more favorable proposal, and Juno
pays NetZero a termination fee. 

    
Effect of Termination.
  
If the merger agreement is terminated by either party, the merger agreement will become void and
NetZero and Juno will have no liability under the merger agreement, assuming no willful material breach of the merger agreement has occurred.
However, if the merger agreement is terminated, the
following provisions will survive termination: the confidentiality agreement, the agreement to file the requisite press releases, the provisions of the merger agreement related to termination fees and
expenses and the general contract provisions. 

    
Termination Fee and/or Payment of Expenses Upon Termination.
  
The merger agreement requires each party to pay a
termination fee or expenses to the other party depending on the circumstances surrounding the termination.
Specifically, if the agreement is terminated because: 

•
Juno's
board of directors failed to recommend that Juno's stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement or effected a change in its
recommendation of the adoption of the merger agreement, or Juno accepts a superior proposal, Juno must pay to NetZero a termination fee of $2,500,000 plus expenses up to $1,000,000 incurred by NetZero
and its subsidiaries with respect to the mergers.


•
Juno
failed to obtain the required vote at a stockholders meeting to approve the mergers, then within two business days of termination, Juno will pay to
NetZero expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement by NetZero and its subsidiaries up to $1,000,000.
However, if prior to the termination any person communicated to Juno an alternate
proposal for a business combination and within nine months of the termination Juno entered into a definitive agreement for an alternate proposal, then Juno will pay NetZero the termination fee of
$2,500,000, less the expenses previously paid.


•
NetZero's
board of directors failed to obtain the required vote of its stockholders to approve the mergers, then NetZero will pay to Juno expenses incurred
by Juno, not to exceed $1,000,000. 


Expenses  

    Notwithstanding the provisions above regarding termination fees and expenses, whether or not the mergers are completed, all expenses and fees incurred in
connection with the merger agreement and the mergers will be paid by the party incurring the expenses or fees, except: 

•
if
the mergers are completed, the surviving corporation of each merger will pay any property or transfer taxes imposed in connection with the mergers; and

•
all
expenses and fees incurred in connection with the filing, printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and registration statement will
be shared equally by Juno and NetZero. 


Amendment, Extension and Waiver  

    The merger agreement may be amended, modified and supplemented by the parties, by action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors, at any
time before or after the approval of the mergers by the stockholders of NetZero and Juno has been obtained.
All amendments to the merger agreement must be in writing signed by each party.
After the
agreement has been approved by the stockholders of the respective companies, no amendment which under applicable law requires further approval of the stockholders may be made without such further
approval. 


Our Organizational Documents and Management Team  

    We agreed to cause our certificate of incorporation and bylaws to be in the form described under the section "Description of United Online Capital Stock" at
the time the mergers are completed.
NetZero, Juno and we agreed that NetZero's directors and officers would become our directors and executive officers when the mergers are completed. 


RELATED AGREEMENTS    

Voting Agreements  

    
The following summary of the voting agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the voting agreements, forms of which are
exhibits to the registration statement we filed with the SEC.
We urge you to carefully read the full text of the voting agreements. 

    
In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, NetZero entered into voting agreements with David E. Shaw, several entities affiliated with Dr. Shaw,
Charles E. Ardai, Harshan Bhangdia, Richard D. Buchband and Louis K. Salkind which require those Juno stockholders to vote substantially all of their shares of Juno common stock in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement.
As of the record date for the Juno special meeting, these stockholders owned shares of Juno common stock representing approximately    % of the total
voting power of the outstanding shares of Juno capital stock.

    
In addition, Juno entered into voting agreements with Qualcomm, entities affiliated with Clearstone Venture Management I, LLC, Draper Fisher Jurvetson Management Company
V LLC, Mark R. Goldston, Charles S. Hilliard, and Frederic A. Randall, Jr. which require those NetZero stockholders to vote substantially all their shares of NetZero common stock in
favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.
As of the record date for the NetZero special meeting, these stockholders owned shares of NetZero common stock representing approximately
    % of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of NetZero capital stock.

    
The
voting agreements entered into between NetZero and the Juno stockholders prohibit the Juno stockholders, or their employees or affiliates, from soliciting or participating in
discussions or negotiations with another party with respect to an alternate transaction, with limited exceptions. 

    
These
voting agreements terminate on the earliest of the (a) closing date of the mergers, (b) the termination of the merger agreement or (c) November 30,
2001. 


Agreements with David E. Shaw

    David E. Shaw agreed, in his affiliate agreement with us, that he would not dispose of any shares of our common stock that he beneficially owns for a period of
ninety days following completion of the mergers.
Dr. Shaw has also agreed that, for the period until one year from the date of the mergers, he would limit his public sale of shares of our
common stock that he beneficially owns, as required by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, to the extent he may be considered an "affiliate" of United Online, as defined under that Rule.
Among
other limitations, Rule 144 imposes on affiliates volume limitations that permit no more than the greater of (i) one percent of our outstanding shares or (ii) our average weekly
trading volume for the preceding four weeks, to be sold in the public markets within any rolling three-month period.
Additionally, Dr. Shaw has agreed that, even if not considered an
"affiliate," he would adhere to volume restrictions that would, for the period beginning three months after the date of the mergers until one year from the date of the mergers, permit him aggregate
sales into the public marketplace during that nine-month period in an amount no greater than the aggregate amount that could have been sold publicly by an "affiliate" during such period
under the volume restrictions of Rule 144 (notwithstanding any holding period requirement). 

    
Affiliates of David E. Shaw agreed to amend their existing registration rights agreement with Juno to provide holders of registration rights granted by NetZero with rights on a parity
with the rights currently held by affiliates of Dr. Shaw.
We will assume that registration rights agreement in connection with the mergers.


NETZERO'S SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    

    
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with NetZero's consolidated financial statements and the notes to these
statements and "NetZero's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this document.
The consolidated statement of operations data for
the years ended June 30, 2000 and 1999 and for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through June 30, 1998 and the consolidated balance sheet data at June 30, 2000 and
1999, are derived from the consolidated financial statements of NetZero which have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, and are included elsewhere in this
document.
The consolidated balance sheet data at June 30, 1998 is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of NetZero not included elsewhere in this document.
The unaudited
consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet data at March 31, 2001 are derived from the
interim unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this document. 


Nine Months Ended March 31,

Year Ended June 30,

Period from

July 21, 1997

(inception) to

June 30, 1998

(unaudited)

(in thousands, except per share data)

Statement of Operations Data:

Net revenues

$

45,245

$

36,820

$

55,506

$

4,634

$

—

Cost of revenues

64,014

45,986

63,872

12,486

—

Gross loss

(18,769

)

(9,166

)

(8,366

)

(7,852

)

—

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

43,667

34,798

51,436

1,689

—

Product development

20,394

4,036

10,020

1,018

—

General and administrative

23,813

16,970

22,752

4,856

Amortization of intangible assets

16,737

3,158

5,525

—

—

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets

48,622

—

—

—

—

Total operating expenses

153,233

58,962

89,733

7,623

Loss from operations

(172,002

)

(68,128

)

(98,099

)

(15,415

)

(25

)

Interest and other income, net

8,394

3,765

6,813

—

Net loss

$

(163,608

)

$

(64,363

)

$

(91,286

)

$

(15,300

)

$

(25

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(1.45

)

$

(0.99

)

$

(1.23

)

$

(1.42

)

$

—

Weighted average number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted net loss per share

112,496

64,837

74,123

10,792

15,000

June 30,

March 31, 2001

(unaudited)

(in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

$

150,535

$

237,865

$

24,035

$

Working capital (deficit)

142,179

234,590

16,097

(23

)


Total assets

216,424

325,958

47,501

Capital leases and notes payable, less current portion

4,758

10,278

3,527

—

Redeemable convertible preferred stock

—

—

2,140

—

Stockholders' equity (deficit)

176,789

285,734

30,954

(23

)

Quarterly Financial Data  

Quarter Ended

June 30,(1)

March 31,

December 31,

September 30,

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Fiscal 2001

Net revenues

$

12,770

$

16,009

$

16,466

Gross loss

(11,907

)

(5,720

)

(
992

)

Loss from operations

(93,384

)

(46,239

)

(32,379

)


Net loss

$

(91,388

)

$

(43,355

)

$

(28,865

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.79

)

$

(0.38

)

$

(0.27

)


Fiscal 2000

Net revenues

$

18,686

$

16,858

$

12,242

$

7,720

Gross profit (loss)

(1,601

)

(2,906

)

(4,373

)

Loss from operations

(29,971

)

(26,624

)

(26,513

)

(14,991

)


Net loss

$

(26,923

)

$

(24,860

)

$

(24,576

)

$

(14,927

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.26

)

$

(0.27

)

$

(0.27

)

$

(1.04

)


Fiscal 1999

Net revenues

$

3,731

$

$

$

—

Gross loss

(3,646

)

(3,198

)

(942

)

(6

)

Loss from operations

(8,284

)

(5,125

)

(1,789

)

(217

)


Net loss

$

(8,193

)

$

(5,095

)

$

(1,795

)

$

(217

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.72

)

$

(0.50

)

$

(0.22

)

$

(0.02

)

(1)
The
results for the quarter ended June 30, 2001 have not been finalized as of the filing of this document. 


Significant Financial Trends

    NetZero's original business strategy was to create an Internet service funded by advertising, marketing and commerce arrangements, rather than Internet access
fees.
However, during the quarter ended September 30, 2000 there was a slowdown in the online advertising market which has placed additional stress on this business strategy.
This slowdown has
continued throughout the current period and it is not known when, or if, online advertising rates will stabilize or increase.
During the December 2000 quarter, the combination of the acquisition of
FreeInternet.com and the failure of a number of competitors resulted in a significant increase in NetZero's user base, resulting in increased cost of revenues and gross loss as telecommunications
expenses increased to accommodate the expanded user base.

    
There has been a decline in advertising and commerce revenues over three sequential quarters in the period ended March 31, 2001, and it is expected that this trend will
continue into the June 2001 quarter.
In the quarter ended March 31, 2001, NetZero initiated steps to address declining advertising revenues and increasing gross loss by introducing billable
services and restrictions on the number of free hours per household per month.
As a result of this shift in strategy, the percentage of revenue derived from billable services has grown from 0.4% and
0.7% of total revenue in the quarters ended September 30, 2000 and December 31, 2000, respectively, to 17.4% in the quarter ended March 31, 2001.
NetZero expects this trend to
continue for at least the next quarter as total billable subscribers increase.

    
In the three sequential quarters in the period ended March 31, 2001, there has been an increase in gross loss as a result of the growth in the user base noted above and
NetZero's inability to monetize those users.
With the introduction of billable services and usage limitations on free services, NetZero expects this trend to reverse in the quarter ending
June 30, 2001 or September 30, 2001.
In the future, NetZero plans to further reduce the number of free hours per household per month which is intended to positively impact gross margin.

    
In the three sequential quarters in the period ended March 31, 2001, NetZero's net loss has increased as a result of declining revenues and increased cost of sales.
NetZero
expects this trend to reverse in the quarter ended June 30, 2001 or the quarter ending September 30, 2001 to the extent that the number of billable users increases and telecommunications costs
associated with the free service decreases.
In addition, NetZero expects to reduce operating expenses following the completion of major advertising commitments in the quarter ended June 30,
2001 and other planned operating cost reductions in calendar 2001.


NETZERO'S MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    


The following discussion contains forward-looking statements based on NetZero's current expectations, estimates and projections about
NetZero's operations, industry, financial condition and liquidity.
Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "may," "will" or similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are
forward-looking statements.
Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, NetZero's actual
results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
The section entitled "Risk Factors" set forth in this document
discusses some of the important risk factors that may affect NetZero's business, results of operations and financial condition.
We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any
forward-looking statements, other than as required by law.


Overview  

    NetZero is a leading provider of Internet access services and online targeted marketing solutions.
NetZero offers consumers access to the Internet,
e-mail and customizable navigation tools.
NetZero's services are currently available in more than 5,000 cities across the United States and Canada.
In addition to offering consumers access
to the Internet, NetZero offers mass marketers targeting capabilities through numerous online advertising channels.
NetZero also offers advertisers and commerce partners a variety of additional
services to build their brands and market their products, including referring its users to partners' Web sites, enabling customer registrations and facilitating electronic commerce transactions.

NetZero's CyberTarget division offers marketers and advertisers mass-scale, online market research and measurement services.

    
NetZero incorporated in July 1997 and launched its free Internet access service in October 1998.
During that period, it had no revenues and its operating activities
related primarily to the development of its proprietary zCast software.
Since October 1998, NetZero has focused on building its Internet access business and the NetZero brand.

    
In
January 2001, NetZero began limiting its free Internet service to a maximum of 40 hours per household per calendar month.
Households desiring to exceed the
40 hour limitation are currently offered the opportunity to sign up for an Extended Access Pass, a plan that provides households the option to pay a fee, currently set at $9.95, to allow them
access to the service for the remainder of the calendar month.
If these households elect not to pay a fee when they reach the 40 hour limit during a
given month they will be denied access to service for the remainder of the month, but their account will not be terminated and they can begin accessing the service for free at the beginning of the
next month. 

    
In March 2001, NetZero launched a new service called NetZero Platinum.
The NetZero Platinum service is intended to offer households Internet service for a monthly fee,
currently $9.95, that is in most respects the same as NetZero's standard free service except that the 40 hour limitation does not apply and the service features a small toolbar without the
advertising banners currently included in the ZeroPort on the free service.
There can be no assurance that these new products and services will meet with commercial success.

    
Through June 30, 2001, approximately 8.8 million users registered for its Internet access services, of which approximately 3.4 million used the service in the month of
June.
Approximately 210,000 of these users were subscribers of one of its pay Internet access services as of June 30, 2001.

    
In
December 1999, NetZero acquired AimTV, which has developed a patent-pending technology to run broadcast quality television commercials over narrowband Internet connections
resulting in the 

launch of NZTV in May 2000.
NetZero paid total consideration of $23.7 million to acquire AimTV.
In August 2000, NetZero acquired Simpli.com, which has developed proprietary
technologies to enhance its banner targeting and personalization capabilities.
In September 2000, it acquired RocketCash, which has developed a secure, flexible-currency-shopping technology
enabling consumers to make purchases on the Internet with or without a credit card.
NetZero paid total consideration of $23.5 million and $30.2 million to acquire Simpli.com and
RocketCash, respectively.
In November 2000, it acquired certain tangible and intangible assets of one of its competitors, Freei, a free Internet access provider, for approximately
$4.7 million.
The assets acquired primarily included the domain names "Freeinternet.com," "Freeinet.com" and "Freei.net", certain proprietary rights, certain fixed assets, and the rights to
market the NetZero service to Freei users.
All of these acquisitions have been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2001, NetZero determined
that the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with these acquisitions was impaired.
As a result, NetZero recorded an impairment charge totaling $48.6 million.


Revenues  

    NetZero generates revenues through advertising and commerce transactions, fees for its Internet access services, sales of CDs incorporating its Internet access
software, and through the sale or license of its data.
Its advertising and commerce related revenues consist of fees from the placement of media, direct marketing agreements, referring its users to
partners' Web sites, enabling customer registrations for partners, and facilitating electronic commerce transactions.
NetZero's fees for Internet access services

consist of monthly fees for users who elect to exceed the monthly limit on the number of free hours of Internet access NetZero offers and monthly subscription fees from its users who choose to receive
service without the banner advertising window in the ZeroPort.
NetZero generates revenues from the license or sale of its data through its CyberTarget division by offering marketers, advertisers and
market research companies mass-scale, online market research and measurement services.
NetZero has only recently begun offering several of its products and services, including CyberTarget
and fee-based Internet access services, and there is no assurance as to when, or if, these products or services will make a significant contribution to its revenue.

    
Advertising and Commerce Revenues.
  
For the nine months ended March 31, 2001, NetZero recognized
$42.8 million in advertising and commerce revenues compared to $36.4 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
NetZero sells both targeted and non-targeted
advertising on its service.
In general, it receives higher advertising rates for targeted advertisements and sponsorships than for non-targeted advertisements.
However, NetZero has limited
experience in selling and managing these types of arrangements and there can be no assurance that it will successfully sell all of the various advertising services it offers or intends to offer or
that such arrangements will generate significant revenues or higher advertising rates.
To date, NetZero has sold targeted advertising based upon Web sites visited, key word searches, and users'
demographic and geographic information.
In addition, the growth in NetZero's user base has resulted, and may result in the future, in situations where advertising inventory capacity has increased
faster than its ability to sell such inventory at desired rates.
NetZero has in the past relied, and intends to rely in the future, on third parties to sell a portion of its banner advertisements,
although NetZero does not believe any third party sales relationships are material to its business.
The failure of NetZero to sell inventory at reasonable rates may materially and adversely affect
operating results.
In addition, success with performance-based fee arrangements may depend on NetZero's ability to effectively target users.
NetZero is still in the early stages of that process and
may encounter technical and other limitations on its ability to successfully target users, including limitations associated with privacy concerns.
There can be no assurance that it will adequately
perform under these arrangements or that it will be able to replace such arrangements on comparable terms, if at all.
The failure to generate significant relationships with advertisers or the failure
to replace significant contracts when they expire could adversely affect NetZero's revenues, results of operations and financial position.

    
Banner advertising and sponsorship revenues are recognized in the periods in which the advertisement or sponsorship placement is displayed, based upon the lesser of impressions
delivered over the total number of guaranteed impressions or ratably over the period in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that no significant obligations on its part remain, fees are
fixed and determinable, and collection of the related receivable is probable.
NetZero's obligations typically include the guarantee of a minimum number of impressions or the satisfaction of other
performance criteria.
A guaranteed minimum number of impressions are generally required to be delivered over the term of the commitment.
Revenues from performance-based arrangements, including
click-throughs, are recognized as the related performance criteria are met.
Referral revenues are recognized in the periods in which the referrals are made to advertisers' or sponsors' Web sites,
provided that no significant obligations on NetZero's part remain, fees are fixed and determinable, and collection of the related receivable is probable. 

    
NetZero
generally invoices customers at the end of its performance, such as at the completion of an advertising campaign or service sponsorship.
In addition, certain customers are
invoiced for sponsorships and other commitments on a quarterly basis.
Recently there has been a reduction in the growth of online advertising and currently a number of its customers hold back a
significant amount of their advertising dollars spent with NetZero until the last month of a quarter.
Such practices may result in extended average days sales outstanding at the end of a fiscal
quarter. 

    
NetZero's
advertising revenues are subject to the effects of seasonality.
Advertisers typically purchase impressions on a forward basis.
If purchasing patterns or timing of purchasing
by advertisers were to change, its financial position and results of operations could be materially affected. 

    
Advertising
on the Internet, particularly the products and services NetZero offers, is a relatively new and changing industry, and there is no assurance that the products and services
NetZero offers now, or in the future, will meet with commercial acceptance.
Internet advertising rates have been declining rapidly, and it is possible that rates will continue to decline in the
future.
Many of the purchasers of Internet advertising have been companies with Internet-based business models.
Certain of these companies have come under financial pressure and have not been able to
access the capital markets to fund their operations.
This trend has impacted NetZero's ability to generate revenues and could continue to do so in the future.
This trend could also result in increased
allowances for doubtful accounts. 

    
Due
to market forces and other factors, NetZero's revenues and results of operations may fluctuate from period to period.
NetZero has experienced several consecutive quarters of
decreased revenues and there can be no assurance that NetZero will not experience decreased revenues in sequential quarters in future periods. 

    
NetZero
does not currently anticipate that inflation will have a material impact on its results of operations. 

    
NetZero
has entered into barter transactions on an extremely limited basis and, for the periods presented, barter revenue accounts for less than 1% of its total net revenue. 

    
Billable Services Revenue.
  
For the nine months ended March 31, 2001, NetZero recognized $2.4 million in
billable services revenue compared to $0.4 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2001, NetZero began limiting its free Internet
access to 40 hours per month per household and offering its users who reach their limit the Extended Access Pass for $9.95, which currently provides unlimited Internet access for the remainder
of the month.
This is designed to either reduce telecommunications expense associated with heavy users or, alternatively, generate additional revenues to mitigate such expense.
In addition, in
March 2001 NetZero began offering the NetZero Platinum service at a standard rate of $9.95 per month, which provides users with unlimited Internet access each month and features a thin toolbar
without the advertising banners

currently included in the ZeroPort on its free service.
NetZero has a very limited history with usage limitations and pay services.
While experience has demonstrated that limiting hours reduces its
telecommunication costs, NetZero also believes that it adversely impacts its ability to maintain or increase its free user base.
NetZero may impose additional limitations on its free usage in the
future, which it believes may have additional adverse impacts on its ability to maintain or increase its free user base.
Decreases in NetZero's free user base and in the number of hours users are
permitted to access its free service result in a reduction of its volume of advertising inventory, which may adversely affect its advertising revenues. 

    
Billable services revenues are recognized in the period in which the fees are fixed and determinable and the related products or services are provided to the user.
Billable services
revenue primarily consists of subscription fees that NetZero receives from users of its fee-based access services.
NetZero generally requires that its subscribers pre-pay for
their services, which results in the deferral of certain revenues into the period in which the access services are provided.
Billable services also consists of fees charged to prospective users for
producing, shipping and handling copies of the NetZero software on CDs.
NetZero has a very limited history with respect to its various billable services and there can be no assurances that it will be
able to generate significant revenues from these services.
NetZero's standard pricing plan is currently $9.95 per month, or $49.95 for six months, although NetZero occasionally offers discounted
promotional pricing plans or modified plans in conjunction with third parties.
NetZero continually evaluates the desirability and effectiveness of its plans, and may in the future make changes to its
pricing plans or offer different discounted promotions.
Future changes in NetZero's plans and promotional discounts may adversely impact the number of billable service subscriptions and the amount of
revenues NetZero receives for such subscriptions.


Cost of Revenues  

    Cost of revenues consists of telecommunications costs, depreciation of network equipment, credit card processing fees, occupancy costs, costs of producing,
shipping and handling CDs and personnel and related expenses of the network department.
NetZero has expended significant funds on its network infrastructure, and, while it will expend additional funds
on capital expenditures in the future, NetZero currently anticipates that capital expenditures will decrease from historical levels.
Capital expenditures may fluctuate based on the number of users,
user growth and usage patterns, as well as needs associated with acquired businesses and new products.
Telecommunications costs for network access are expensed as incurred.
NetZero's failure to
accurately forecast users' needs could result in significant over-capacity, which would adversely impact its results of operations.
Due to limitations NetZero has imposed on the number of
hours users may access its free service, NetZero may have significant over-capacity in future periods.
Conversely, under-forecasting usage could adversely impact the ability of users to
receive adequate service and adversely impact its reputation and its ability to maintain or increase its user base.
NetZero has limited history in forecasting its user requirements, and there can be
no assurance that it will be able to accurately forecast such requirements in the future.


Operating Expenses

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing expenses include advertising and promotion expenses, salaries, sales
commissions, employee benefits, travel and related expenses for its in-house sales force, fees paid to third-party advertising sales agents and sales support functions.
In the past,
NetZero has expended significant amounts on sales and marketing, including a national branding campaign comprised of television, radio, print and outdoor advertising, sponsorships and a variety of
other promotions and, due to the timing of these promotions, amounts expended have varied significantly from period to period.
NetZero has in place significant marketing obligations, some of which
expired in June 2001.
While NetZero intends to significantly reduce its marketing expenses, it has little experience marketing pay services and there can be no assurance NetZero will be able to
decrease its marketing

expenses as currently anticipated.
Marketing costs associated with increasing brand awareness and user base are expensed in the period incurred.

    
Product Development.
  
Product development costs include expenses for the development of new or improved technologies and
products, including salaries and related expenses for the software engineering department, as well as costs for contracted services, facilities and equipment.
NetZero is currently evaluating its
product development programs and may reduce its expenses in the near term.
However, there can be no assurance NetZero will be able to decrease its product development expenses as currently
anticipated.

    
General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits and expenses for
executive, finance, legal, human resources and internal customer support personnel.
In addition, general and administrative expenses include fees for professional services, third-party customer
support, bad debt expense and occupancy costs.

    Amortization of Intangible Assets.
  Amortization of intangible assets includes amortization of goodwill, purchased
technologies and other identifiable intangible assets associated with NetZero's various acquisitions.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2001, NetZero determined that the carrying value of
goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with several acquisitions was impaired.
Specific events and changes in circumstances that precipitated the impairment included the following:

•
A
significant and sustained decline in advertising and commerce revenues generated by NetZero's free Internet access service.


•
NetZero's
determination that advertising and commerce revenues for Internet-based companies were unlikely to recover in the near future or reach the levels
initially projected.

•
NetZero's
assessment of the effectiveness and the resulting impact on operating results of certain acquired assets (Simpli.com, RocketCash and Freei)
following their integration into NetZero's free Internet access service in the second quarter of 2001.


•
The
loss of certain key customers and the renegotiation of certain existing advertising agreements.


•
The
development of revised projections for NetZero's free Internet access business, reflecting revised assumptions related to advertising and commerce
revenue which prompted a shift in NetZero's business model from a free Internet access model to a billable Internet access model.

    
Market and other indicators that suggested that an impairment charge might by required include:

•
Reduced
levels of venture capital funding activity for Internet-based consumer businesses, which have historically represented a significant concentration
of NetZero's advertising and commerce customers.


•
Significant
declines in the fair market value for NetZero's common stock.


•
Significant
declines in market value for other Internet related businesses.

    
These events have and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on NetZero's results of operations and liquidity as NetZero implements its alternative strategy of developing
its billable Internet access service.

    
Asset impairment tests were performed at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows.
The tests were performed by comparing the expected undiscounted cash flows over
the estimated useful lives of the assets, plus a terminal value for future cash flows, to the carrying amount of the goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from purchase business combinations.

Based on the results of these tests, it was determined that goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets initially

recorded in connection with the acquisitions of AimTV, Simpli.com, RocketCash and Freei were impaired.

    
Impairment related to the Simpli.com, AimTV and Freei goodwill and identifiable intangible assets was measured based on revised cash flow projections for NetZero's free Internet
access business model.
Significant assumptions related to the cash flow projections utilized to assess impairment include the following:

•
NetZero
will implement a revised business strategy focused on attracting and monetizing billable customers.
As a result, the number of active free
customers acquired by NetZero will be significantly less than previous projections.


•
NetZero
will continue to limit the amount of time per month available to free users.


•
NetZero
will focus its operating and financial resources on acquiring billable users and no longer expend significant resources promoting and enhancing its
free Internet access service.


•
The
average advertising and commerce revenue per free user will not in the foreseeable future rebound to historic levels or to levels reflected in previous
projections as a result of the change in NetZero's business model and continued weakness in online advertising.

    
Impairment related to RocketCash was determined based on the fact that NetZero intends to discontinue the operations of this business.
Accordingly, discrete cash flow projections
related to this asset were not prepared.

    
NetZero determined the fair value of the impaired assets using the discounted cash flow method and considered data provided by the market comparison method to verify the results of
the discounted cash flow method.
The results of the market comparison method served, in general, as supporting evidence for the conclusions derived from the discounted cash flow analysis, which
indicated a substantial decrease in the fair value of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets associated with NetZero's free Internet access service.
The market data indicated a substantial
and sustained decrease in market valuations for publicly traded Internet access companies.
Market data related to private company transactions indicates a substantial decrease in both the average
transaction price and the number of transactions completed.
Further, market data indicates an increase in the number of Internet companies that have recently ceased operations.
In aggregate, the
market data demonstrated substantially decreased valuations and liquidity and increased risk associated with Internet companies.

    
An
impairment charge totaling $48.6 million was recorded during the quarter ended March 31, 2001, reflecting the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets
exceeded their respective fair values.
The impairment charge consisted of $33.5 million for goodwill and $15.1 million for other acquired intangible assets.
No impairment charge was
recorded during fiscal 2000. 

    
As
of March 31, 2001, NetZero had approximately $1.5 million in remaining intangible assets on its balance sheet, primarily related to costs incurred to acquire and
develop patents and trademarks.
Decreases in the fair value of these assets, or assets acquired as a result of future acquisitions, could result in its recording impairment losses with respect to some
or all such assets.
Any such loss could adversely and materially impact its results of operations and financial position. 


Stock-Based Charges  

    In connection with the grant of stock options and restricted stock to employees
, the imposition of restrictions on shares of stock held by founders, the
issuance of restricted shares of stock in connection with the recent acquisitions and the issuance of warrants in connection with various marketing programs, NetZero recorded deferred stock-based
charges, which are being amortized over the vesting period of the applicable shares. 


Consolidated Results of Operations  

    The following tables set forth, for the periods presented, selected unaudited consolidated statements of operations data in dollars and percentages: 

Nine Months Ended March 31,

Year Ended June 30,

Period from

July 21, 1997

(inception) to

June 30, 1998

(in thousands, except per share data)


Advertising and commerce

$

42,802

$

36,400

$

55,143

$

4,634

$

—

Billable services

2,443

—

—

Total revenues

45,245

36,820

55,506

4,634

—

Cost of revenues

64,014

45,986

63,872

12,486

—

Gross loss

(18,769

)

(9,166

)

(8,366

)

(7,852

)

—

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

43,667

34,798

51,436

1,689

—

Product development

20,394

4,036

10,020

1,018

—

General and administrative

23,813

16,970

22,752

4,856

Amortization of intangibles

16,737

3,158

5,525

—

—

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets

48,622

—

—

—

—

Total operating expenses

153,233

58,962

89,733

7,563

Loss from operations

(172,002

)

(68,128

)

(98,099

)

(15,415

)

(25

)

Net interest income

8,394

3,765

6,813

—

Net loss

$

(163,608

)

$

(64,363

)

$

(91,286

)

$

(15,300

)

$

(25

)


Nine Months Ended March 31,

Year ended June 30,

Period from

July 21, 1997

(inception) to

June 30, 1998

Advertising and commerce

%

%

%

%

—

Billable services

—

—

Total revenues

—

Cost of revenues

—

Gross loss

(41

)

(25

)

(15

)

(170

)

—

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

—

Product development

—

General and administrative

—

Amortization of intangibles

—

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets

—

—

—

—

Total operating expenses

—

Loss from operations

(380

)

(185

)

(176

)

(333

)

—

Net interest income

—

Net loss

(362

)%

(175

)%

(164

)%

(330

)%

—

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2001
Compared to the Nine Months Ended March 31, 2000    

Revenues  

    Advertising and Commerce.
  
Advertising and commerce revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 were
$42.8 million, which represented an increase of $6.4 million, or 18%, from $36.4 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase was primarily attributable
to increases in ZeroPort advertising revenues generated from various agreements, including General Motors, LookSmart and Cisco, partially offset by a reduction in revenues from the termination of the
agreement with AdSmart in the March 2000 quarter.

    
For the nine months ended March 31, 2001, the agreements in total represented approximately 51% of total advertising and commerce revenues, compared to 54% for the nine months
ended March 31, 2000.

    
The AdSmart and the LookSmart agreements were terminated in February 2000 and January 2001, respectively.
Currently there are no replacements for the LookSmart or AdSmart agreements
and we do not anticipate that these agreements will be replaced in the near future.
The Cisco agreement terminates on August 31, 2001 and it is currently anticipated that this agreement will
not be replaced.
We currently do not anticipate that the Cisco agreement will be replaced.
The General Motors agreement ends in December 2003.
We currently do not anticipate that the General Motors
agreement will be renewed on similar terms.

    Billable Services.
  
Billable services revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 were $2.4 million,
which represented an increase of $2.0 million from $0.4 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase in revenues was due primarily to the launch of the NetZero
Platinum and the Extended Access Pass pay Internet service plans during the quarter ended March 31, 2001. 


Cost of Revenues  

    Cost of revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 was $64.0 million, which represented an increase of $18.0 million, or 39%, from
$46.0 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The 39% increase in cost of revenues is wholly attributable to increased telecommunications costs.
The increase in
telecommunications costs is attributable to an increase in monthly active users, which increased approximately 112% from March 31, 2000 to March 31, 2001, partially offset by a reduction
in the average cost of telecommunications per user hour from less than $0.20 per hour for the nine months ended March 31, 2000 to less than $0.15 per hour for the nine months ended
March 31, 2001.


Operating Expenses  

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing expenses for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 were
$43.7 million, which represented an increase of $8.9 million, or 25%, from $34.8 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase in sales and marketing
expense was a result of a $2.8 million increase in stock-based charges, a $2.4 million increase in marketing and promotion expenses, and a $1.0 million increase in salary and
personnel related expenses.
In addition, sales and marketing expenses included $3.0 million of sales and marketing expenses related to RocketCash, which was acquired in September 2000.
Salary
and personnel related costs increased as a result of the implementation of NetZero's strategy of developing an internal sales force.
Sales and marketing included $4.1 million of stock-based charges
for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 compared to $1.3 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
Stock-based charges increased in connection with a significant
RocketCash marketing promotion.

    
Product Development.
  
Product development expenses for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 were
$20.4 million, which represented an increase of $16.4 million, or 405%, from $4.0 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase in product development
expense was a result of a

$4.9 million increase in stock-based charges, a $4.7 million increase in salary and personnel related expenses, a $3.2 million increase in depreciation related to software and
equipment used in product development and testing and a $1.0 million increase in equipment repair and maintenance expenses.
In addition, product development expenses included
$2.7 million of product development expenses related to Simpli.com and RocketCash, which were acquired in August 2000 and September 2000, respectively.
Depreciation and repair and maintenance
expenses increased as a result of the purchase of additional equipment in connection with product development and testing activities.
Salary and personnel related expenses increased as a result of the
hiring of additional product development personnel by NetZero.
Product development expenses included $5.1 million of stock-based charges for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 compared
to $0.2 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
Stock-based charges increased as a result of the issuance restricted shares and the assumption of stock options in connection
with the acquisitions of Simpli.com and RocketCash.

    General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 were
$23.8 million, which represented an increase of $6.8 million, or 40%, from $17.0 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase in general and
administrative expenses was the result of a $3.4 million increase in stock-based charges, a $1.1 million increase in occupancy and facility related expenses and a $0.6 million
increase in depreciation of equipment related to general and administrative activities.
In addition, general and administrative expenses included $1.5 million of general and administrative
expenses related to Simpli.com and RocketCash, which were acquired in August 2000 and September 2000, respectively.
Occupancy and facility related expenses increased as a result of the opening of
additional regional offices in connection with development of an internal sales force.
Salary and personnel related expenses increased as a result of the hiring of additional general and
administrative personnel by NetZero.
General and administrative expenses included $6.3 million of stock-based charges for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 compared to
$2.9 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
Stock-based charges increased as a result of restricted stock awards issued to employees and the issuance of restricted stock and
assumption of stock options in connection with the acquisitions of Simpli.com, RocketCash and AimTV.

    Amortization of Intangible Assets.
  
Amortization of intangible assets for the nine months ended March 31, 2001
was $16.7 million compared to $3.2 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase was the result of the acquisitions of Simpli.com in August 2000,
RocketCash in September 2000, and certain assets of Freei in November 2000.

    
Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets.
  
During the quarter ended March 31, 2001, NetZero determined that
the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with several acquisitions was impaired.
An impairment charge totaling $48.6 million was recorded during the quarter
ended March 31, 2001, reflecting the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeded their respective fair values.
The impairment charge consisted of $33.5 million for
goodwill and $15.1 million for other acquired intangible assets.
No impairment charge was recorded during fiscal 2000. 


Interest Income and Interest Expense  

    NetZero's interest income consists of earnings on its cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash.
Interest expense
consists of interest expense on capital leases and notes payable.
Net interest income for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 was $8.4 million, which represented an increase of
$4.6 million from $3.8 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2000.
The increase was due to higher average cash and short-term investment balances, partially
offset by an increase in interest expense on capital leases and notes payable.


Income Taxes  

    As a result of operating losses and its inability to recognize a benefit from its deferred tax assets, NetZero has not recorded a benefit for income taxes for
the nine months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000. 


Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2000
Compared to The Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1999    

Revenues  

    Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2000 were $55.5 million, which represented an increase of $50.9 million, or 1,098%, from
$4.6 million for the year ended June 30, 1999.
The increase was attributable to increased revenue from sales of targeted and non-targeted banner advertisements primarily
through NetZero's in-house sales force and third parties, growth in the amount of start page revenue from NetZero's agreement with LookSmart as a result of the increased number of users,
and increased sponsorships on The ZeroPort.
Approximately $15.7 million and $1.3 million, or 28% and 28%, of its total revenues for the years ended June 30, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, were generated from its agreement with LookSmart.
NetZero does not anticipate that the rate of growth that it experienced in fiscal 2000 will continue and its revenues may fluctuate from
quarter to quarter.


Cost of Revenues

    Cost of revenues for the year ended June 30, 2000 was $63.9 million, which represented an increase of $51.4 million, or 411%, from
$12.5 million for the year ended June 30, 1999.
The increase in cost of revenues was the result of a $51.8 million increase in telecommunications expense, a $5.7 million
increase in overhead costs associated with operating the network and a $6.4 million increase in depreciation of equipment used in the network.
Telecommunications expense increased as a result
of a 233% increase in NetZero's active user base from June 30, 1999 to June 30, 2000.
Depreciation and overhead costs associated with operating network equipment increased as a result of
the purchase of additional network equipment, the hiring of additional network personnel and an increase in the user base.
During the year ended June 30, 2000, NetZero's cost of
telecommunications services purchased averaged less than $0.25 per user hour.


Operating Expenses  

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended June 30, 2000 were $51.4 million,
which represented an increase of $49.7 million, or 2,945%, from $1.7 million for the year ended June 30, 1999.
The increase in sales and marketing expense was a result of a
$39.4 million increase in marketing and promotion expenses, a $6.2 million increase in salary and personnel related expenses, and a $2.0 million increase in stock-based charges.

The increase in marketing and promotion expenses was a result of increased levels of advertising and other marketing activities associated with NetZero's initial major nationwide consumer branding
campaign (including the start of NetZero's exclusive sponsorship of the half-time show of televised National Basketball Association games on NBC).
The increase in salary and personnel
related expense was a result of the hiring of additional sales force and marketing personnel.

    
Product Development.
  
Product development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2000 were $10.0 million,
which represented an increase of $9.0 million, or 884%, from $1.0 million for the year ended June 30, 1999.
The increase in product development expense is a result of a
$5.8 million increase in salary and personnel related expenses, a $1.3 million increase in depreciation of equipment used in connection with product development and testing activities,
an increase of $0.6 million in consulting fees and a $0.6 million increase in equipment maintenance expenses.
The increase in salary and personnel related expenses is a result of hiring
additional software engineers.
The increase in depreciation of equipment is a result of the purchase of additional equipment for product development and testing.

    
General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2000 were
$22.8 million, which represented an increase of $17.9 million, or 369%, from $4.9 million for the year ended June 30, 1999.
The increase in general and administrative
expenses was a result of a $4.7 million increase in salary and personnel related expenses, a $3.1 million increase in customer

support costs, a $2.5 million increase in stock-based charges, a $2.2 million increase in facilities expenses, a $1.7 million increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts, a
$1.3 million increase in consulting and professional fees, and a $1.0 million increase in non-income taxes and licenses.
The increase in salary and personnel related expenses
is a result of hiring additional administrative personnel.
The increase in stock-based charges was due to the amortization of deferred stock-based compensation in connection with stock option grants
and restricted founders' shares.
The increase in all other expenses was due to the growth in the business and required infrastructure.

    
Amortization of Intangible Assets.
  
Amortization of intangible assets amounted to $5.5 million for the year ended
June 30, 2000 as a result of its acquisition of AimTV in December 1999.
The intangible assets acquired are being amortized over a period of two to three years. 


Interest Income and Interest Expense  

    Interest income consists of earnings on its cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash.
Interest expense consists
primarily of interest expense on capital leases and notes payable.
Net interest income for the year ended June 30, 2000 was $6.8 million, which represented an increase of
$6.7 million from net interest income of $0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 1999.
The increase was a result of income earned on cash balances from the proceeds of NetZero's
initial public offering and the investment by Qualcomm, partially offset by an increase in interest expense on capital leases and notes payable.


Income Taxes  

    As a result of operating losses and the inability to recognize a benefit for its deferred tax assets, no income tax provision has been recorded for years ended
June 30, 2000 or June 30, 1999. 


Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1999 Compared to the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through June 30, 1998

    NetZero began business operations in October 1998, and as a result, operating results for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through
June 30, 1998 included no revenues, no cost of revenues, and no expenses other than $25,000 of general and administrative expenses.
Accordingly, the results for this period are not meaningful
or material in comparison to the operating results for the year ended June 30, 1999. 


Revenues  

    Revenues for the year ended June 30, 1999 were $4.6 million, compared to no revenue for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through
June 30, 1998.
The increase was a result of revenues generated from banner advertisements and revenues generated from NetZero's start page agreement with LookSmart, as well as sales of banner
advertisements, primarily through a third party sales force.
In particular, NetZero generated approximately $1.3 million, or 28% of its total revenues for the year ended June 30, 1999,
from its agreement with LookSmart, which NetZero entered into in April 1999.
NetZero also generated approximately $1.2 million, or 26% of its total revenues for the year ended
June 30, 1999, from banner advertisements sold through AdSmart.


Cost of Revenues  

    Cost of revenues for the year ended June 30, 1999 were $12.4 million, compared to no cost of revenues for the period from July 21, 1997 in
(inception) through June 30, 1998.
The increase was a result of increased telecommunication expense related to the growth in the user base and depreciation related to the network following the
launch of the NetZero service in October 1998.


Operating Expenses

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended June 30, 1999 were $1.7 million,
compared to no sales and marketing expenses for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through June 30, 1998.
The increase was a result of hiring sales force personnel.

    
Product Development.
  
Product development expenses for the year ended June 30, 1999 were $1.0 million,
compared to no product development expense for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through June 30, 1998.
The increase was a result of hiring of software engineers.

    
General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative expense for the year ended June 30, 1999 increased to
$3.7 million from $25,000 for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception) through June 30, 1998.
The increase was a result of hiring of additional management and administrative
personnel, increased professional and consulting expense and an increase in stock-based charges due to stock option grants and restrictions placed on founders' shares.
The $25,000 of general and
administrative expense for the period from July 21, 1997 through June 30, 1998 primarily represented employee salaries.


Interest Income and Interest Expense  

    Interest income is comprised primarily of interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents.
Interest expense is comprised primarily of interest expense on
capital equipment leases.
Interest income, net, for the year ended June 30, 1999, was $115,000, compared to no interest income or expense for the period from July 21, 1997 (inception)
through June 30, 1998.
The increase was a result of interest earned on the proceeds from the Series C and Series D preferred stock financings.


Liquidity and Capital Resources  

    From inception of the business to March 31, 2001, NetZero's operations have been financed primarily through the sale of equity securities, cash
generated from sales of its products and services and, to a lesser extent, equipment lease financing.
At March 31, 2001, it had approximately $150.5 million in cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments and approximately $12.4 million in restricted cash. 

    
For
the nine months ended March 31, 2001, net cash used for operating activities was $68.4 million consisting primarily of operating losses and increases in restricted
cash and other assets, partially offset by an impairment charge for goodwill and intangible assets, depreciation and amortization, stock-based charges, decreases in accounts receivable and increases
in accounts payable and deferred revenue.
For the nine months ended March 31, 2000 net cash used for operating activities was $61.4 million and consisted of operating losses, deposits to
guarantee future obligations and increases in accounts receivable and other assets, partially offset by depreciation, amortization, stock-based charges and an increase in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. 

    
For
the nine months ended March 31, 2001, net cash used for investing activities was $58.1 million of which $45.1 million represented the net increase in
short-term investments and the balance was for acquisitions and capital expenditures.
In the nine months ended March 31, 2000, cash used for investing activities of
$20.1 million consisted of capital expenditures of $12.6 million and $7.5 million for the purchase of short-term investments. 

    
Net
cash used for financing activities was $6.3 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2001 and was primarily for payments on capital lease and notes payable
obligations.
In the nine months ended March 31, 2000 cash provided from financing activities was $176.0 million and was principally attributable to the proceeds from NetZero's initial
public offering. 

    
NetZero's business model of offering free Internet access is predicated on receiving revenues for advertisements.
However, declines in Internet advertising rates have resulted in
declining revenues and increasing gross losses over the last three sequential quarters.
NetZero has limited visibility as to when, or if, online advertising rates will stabilize or increase, and they
may continue to decrease.
NetZero has taken steps to address its declining revenues and increasing gross loss by introducing, in the March 2001 quarter, billable services and restrictions on
the number of free hours per household per month.
In addition, it intends to implement limitations on its operating expenses, particularly with regard to its marketing expenses.
NetZero has
substantially built out its network infrastructure and, in the near term, does not foresee the need for the same level of capital expenditures it has experienced in the past.
In order to succeed,
NetZero must increase its revenues while controlling its telecommunications

costs, its operating expenses and its capital expenditures.
Many factors will impact its ability to grow revenues including, but not limited to, the number of users who sign up for the new pay
services, the growth or reduction in its user base, the Internet advertising market and NetZero's ability to sell its existing products and develop new revenue generating products.
Billable services
are new products for NetZero.
NetZero cannot assure you that its existing users or new users will sign up for these plans.
In addition, as a result of limiting the number of free hours per month,
NetZero may lose a significant number of users.
There can be no assurance that it will be able to effectively manage its business to decrease its losses.

    
NetZero has invested significantly in its network infrastructure, software licenses, furniture, fixtures and equipment and it may need to make further investments in the future.
The
actual amount of capital expenditures will depend on the rate of growth or reduction in its user base, which is difficult to predict and could change dramatically over time.
Technological advances may
also require it to make capital expenditures to develop or acquire new equipment or technology.
NetZero intends to use cash to fund its future operating losses and a combination of cash and lease
financing to fund its capital expenditures in a manner which minimizes its cost of capital.
However, NetZero cannot assure you that lease financing will be available on favorable terms, if at all, and
if it is not available, NetZero would be required to use a greater portion of cash to fund its capital expenditures.

    
NetZero
currently anticipates that its existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund its operating activities, capital expenditures
and other obligations for at least the next 12 months.
However, NetZero may need to raise additional capital for a variety of reasons including, without limitation, in order to fund its
operations, expand its marketing activities, develop new or enhance existing services or products to respond to competitive pressures or to acquire complementary services, businesses or technologies.

If, in the future, NetZero is not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations, it may need to raise additional capital through public or private financings, strategic relationships
or other arrangements.
This additional funding, if needed, might not be available to NetZero on acceptable terms, or at all.
NetZero's failure to raise sufficient capital when needed could have a
material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition.
If additional funds were raised through the issuance of equity securities, the percentage of stock owned by the
then-current stockholders would be reduced.
Furthermore, such equity securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to holders of NetZero common stock. 

    
NetZero received a notice from the Nasdaq National Market that its common stock failed to maintain the required minimum bid price of $1.00 over a period of 30 consecutive trading
days.
On June 27, 2001, NetZero received a Nasdaq staff determination that its common stock was subject to delisting from the Nasdaq National Market because it has not maintained compliance
with the minimum bid requirement for continued listing.
NetZero has scheduled a hearing before a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel on August 17, 2001 to appeal the staff determination and to
make its request for continued listing on the Nasdaq National Market.
NetZero's listing status will not change until a final determination has been issued by the panel following such hearing.
NetZero
is currently in

compliance with all other continued listing requirements.
There can be no assurance, however, that the panel will grant NetZero's request for continued listing.
If NetZero common stock were delisted
from the Nasdaq National Market, the ability of any potential or future investors to achieve liquidity from its common stock would be severely limited and such delisting will inhibit, if not preclude,
NetZero's ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, if at all.


Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

    In June 1998, The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
No. 133 "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities."
The statement requires the recognition of all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and the measurement of those instruments
at fair value.
The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the planned use of the derivative and the resulting designation.
Because NetZero does not currently hold any
derivative instruments and does not engage in hedging activities, the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 133 did not have a material impact on financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.
NetZero was required to implement SFAS No. 133 in the first quarter of fiscal 2001. 

    
In
December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No. 101, "Revenue Recognition," which provides guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure of
revenue in financial statements filed with the SEC.
SAB 101 outlines the basic criteria that must be met to recognize revenue and provides guidance for disclosure related to revenue recognition
policies.
In June 2000, the SEC issued SAB 101B, which requires implementation of SAB 101 by NetZero no later than June 30, 2001.
The SEC issued additional guidance in the form of its
Frequently Asked Questions and Answers document in October 2000.
NetZero believes that the adoption of SAB 101 will not have a material impact on NetZero's financial position and results of
operations. 

    
In
March 2000, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation ("FIN") No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation."
FIN 44 provides guidance for issues
arising in applying APB 25.
FIN 44 applies specifically to new awards, exchanges of awards in a business combination, modification to outstanding awards and changes in grantee status that occur on or
after July 1, 2000, except for the provisions related to repricings and the definition of an employee which apply to awards issued after December 15, 1998.
The application of FIN 44 has
not had a material impact on NetZero's financial reporting. 

    
In June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations" and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets."
SFAS No. 141 establishes new standards for
accounting and reporting requirements for business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 and prohibits the use of the pooling-of-interests method for combinations initiated after
June 30, 2001.
SFAS No. 142 changes the accounting for goodwill from an amortization method to an impairment-only approach.
Upon adoption of SFAS No. 142, goodwill will be tested at the
reporting unit annually and whenever events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired.
Amortization of goodwill, including goodwill recorded in past business combinations, will
cease.
The adoption date for NetZero will be

July 1, 2001 and will not have a material effect on NetZero's financial position, result of operations or cash flows.


Future results of operations may vary due to certain factors  

    NetZero's operating results may fluctuate substantially in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of its control, including
those discussed elsewhere in this document.
While NetZero currently intends to limit operating expenses, it may increase operating expenses and capital expenditures for a variety of reasons including,
without limitation, the growth in its user base, the expansion of its sales and marketing efforts, the promotion of the NetZero brand, the enhancement 

of the features and functionality of its services, the development of new services and products, the integration of acquired companies, the upgrading of the internal network infrastructure, pursuit of
new distribution channels and the hiring of new personnel.
Expenditures in each of these categories may vary significantly from period to period.
While some expenses are fixed in the
short-term, total operating expenses are principally determined on the basis of anticipated revenues.
There are risks associated with the timing and achievement of revenue targets due to a
variety of factors, and there can be no assurance that revenues will increase commensurately with expenses.
NetZero believes that expenses will significantly exceed revenues for the foreseeable
future.
As a result of these and other factors, operating results may vary substantially from quarter to quarter. 

    
In
addition, seasonal trends could affect revenues generated.
To the extent that revenues depend on the amount of usage by users, any seasonal fluctuations in Internet usage could
affect revenues during such periods of fluctuation.
NetZero anticipates that the summer and year-end vacation and holiday periods will impact user traffic levels.
Moreover, the rate at
which new users sign up for NetZero service may be related to gifts or purchases of personal computers, which typically increase during the fourth calendar quarter because of the holiday season and
may decline during other periods.
As a result, new user registration may be subject to seasonality.
However, because NetZero's operating history is limited, it is difficult to accurately predict these
trends and plan accordingly.
Since operating expenses are based on expectations of future revenues, it is possible that seasonal fluctuations could materially and adversely affect its business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

    
In
addition to seasonality, there are several other factors that may cause the quarter-to-quarter revenues to fluctuate significantly, including changes in
advertising rates, fluctuations in user count, termination of material contracts, such as the LookSmart agreement, and the effect of short-term contracts which provide significant revenues
in one quarter, but do not provide significant revenues in subsequent quarters.
These and other factors may cause significant fluctuations in its quarter-over-quarter revenues. 

    
NetZero has previously experienced reductions in revenues from material customers and may experience additional reductions in the future.
For the three and nine months ended
March 31, 2001 LookSmart accounted for 14% and 25% of its revenues, respectively.
The agreement with LookSmart was terminated on January 19, 2001.
LookSmart provided search functionality
on its start page and on the ZeroPort, and was provided with the right to advertise third party services on NetZero's start page.
After the termination of the LookSmart agreement, NetZero experienced
a significant decline in revenues derived from search functionality on its start page and its does not anticipate generating the amount of revenue from the start page that it historically experienced.

In addition, NetZero derived approximately 20% and 11% of its revenues for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 from its agreements with General Motors Corporation and Cisco Systems, Inc.,
respectively.
While NetZero has a long-term relationship with General Motors, they were recently provided reductions in their advertising obligations.
While NetZero does not currently
anticipate such reductions will be material to its business, it can give no assurance that it will continue to derive the amount of anticipated revenues from General Motors.
In addition, NetZero's
agreement with Cisco terminates on August 31, 2001 and will not be replaced.
The termination or renegotiation of significant agreements, as well as the timing of orders under such agreements,
may cause significant fluctuations in the quarterly results.
NetZero's business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected if it is unable either to
maintain or renew its significant agreements or to replace such agreements with similar agreements with new customers.


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  

    NetZero currently does not hold any derivative instruments and does not engage in hedging activities.
Also, NetZero is not currently party to any transactions
denominated in a foreign currency.
Thus, NetZero's exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange fluctuations is minimal. 


JUNO'S SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    

    
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Juno's consolidated financial statements and the notes to these
statements and "Juno's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this document.
The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 and the consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2000 and 1999, are derived from the consolidated financial statements of Juno which
have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, and are included elsewhere in this document.
The consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended
December 31, 1997 and 1996, and the consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996 are derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Juno not
included elsewhere in this document.
The unaudited consolidated statement of operations data for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet data
at March 31, 2001 are derived from the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this document.
The remaining quarterly results of operations data is derived
from the unaudited financial statements of Juno not included elsewhere in this document. 


Three Months Ended

March 31,

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:

Revenues:

Billable services

$

22,913

$

16,736

$

73,911

$

34,545

$

6,645

$

1,371

$

Advertising and transaction fees

5,790

6,409

38,708

12,662

6,454

1,875

Direct product sales

—

1,419

4,794

8,595

5,845

Total revenues

28,703

24,047

114,038

52,001

21,694

9,091

Cost of revenues:

Billable services

15,358

12,040

49,024

24,950

5,606

1,053

—

Advertising and transaction fees

1,531

1,750

8,115

4,675

3,725

1,659

Direct product sales

—

1,344

4,176

7,627

5,796

Total cost of revenues

16,889

14,646

58,483

33,801

16,958

8,508

Operating expenses:

Operations, free service

6,296

6,144

38,311

6,698

9,383

11,075

5,803

Subscriber acquisition

6,299

44,751

116,461

47,651

5,334

3,140

6,993

Sales and marketing

3,728

3,615

18,105

11,556

11,584

12,593

4,276

Product development

2,390

2,463

10,282

7,232

7,345

4,860

3,741

General and administrative

3,381

1,776

9,303

4,615

2,760

2,897

2,172

Total operating expenses

22,094

58,749

192,462

77,752

36,406

34,565

22,985

Loss from operations

(10,280

)

(49,348

)

(136,907

)

(59,552

)

(31,670

)

(33,982

)

(23,130

)

Interest income, net

1,722

5,509

3,718

Net loss

$

(9,634

)


$

(47,626

)

$

(131,398

)

$

(55,834

)

$

(31,626

)

$

(33,739

)

$

(23,002

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.23

)

$

(1.28

)

$

(3.39

)

$

(1.84

)

$

(1.85

)

$

(3.21

)

$

(7.01

)(1)

December 31,

March 31,

(unaudited)

(in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

46,820

$

55,729

$

91,497

$

8,152

$

13,770

$

Working capital (deficit)

14,933

23,216

67,571

(8,343

)

6,927

(2,004

)

Total assets

65,108

78,371

117,568

14,431

20,133

4,774

Total indebtedness, including current maturities

1,107

1,611

2,878

10,188

—

Liabilities expected to be settled with common stock

4,000

4,000

—

—

—

—

Partners' capital (deficiency)

—

—

—

(12,588

)

10,504

(2,004

)


Total stockholders' equity

19,581

28,745

71,648

—

—

—

(1)
Represents
basic and diluted net loss per share as if the conversion of Class A limited partnership units into shares of common stock had
occurred as of January 1, 1999.
The conversion was a result of the February 28, 1999 merger of Juno Online Services, L.P. with and into Juno Online Services, Inc., with
Juno Online Services, Inc. as the surviving entity. 


Quarterly Results of Operations Data  

Three Months Ended

Mar. 31, 2001

Dec. 31, 2000

Sept. 30, 2000

Jun. 30, 2000

Mar. 31, 2000

Dec. 31, 1999

Sept. 30, 1999

Jun. 30, 1999

Mar. 31, 1999

(in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:

Revenues:

Billable services

$

22,913

$

19,784

$

18,962

$

18,429

$

16,736

$

13,016

$

8,654

$

7,069

$

5,806

Advertising and transaction fees

5,790

10,509

11,105

10,685

6,409

4,327

3,367

2,703

2,265

Direct product sales

—

—

1,083

1,350

1,649

Total revenues

28,703

30,293

30,145

29,553

24,047

18,055

13,104

11,122

9,720

Cost of revenues:

Billable services

15,358

12,297

12,130

12,557

12,040

8,831

5,960

5,481

4,678

Advertising and transaction fees

1,531

1,929

2,174

2,262

1,750

1,313

1,120

1,162

1,080

Direct product sales

—

—

1,165

1,424

Total cost of revenues

16,889

14,226

14,378

15,233

14,646

10,743

8,068

7,808

7,182

Operating Expenses:

Operations, free service

6,296

10,888

11,773

9,506

6,144

1,617

1,464

1,771

1,846

Subscriber acquisition

6,299

8,717

24,874

38,119

44,751

16,003

15,028

13,920

2,700

Sales and marketing

3,728

3,870

5,010

5,610

3,615

3,348

3,180

2,716

2,312

Product development

2,390

2,249

2,470

3,100

2,463

1,809

1,592

1,977

1,854

General and administrative

3,381

2,902

2,139

2,486

1,776

1,645

1,284


Total operating expenses

22,094

28,626

46,266

58,821

58,749

24,422

22,548

21,366

9,416

Loss from operations

(10,280

)

(12,559

)

(30,499

)

(44,501

)

(49,348

)

(17,110

)

(17,512

)

(18,052

)

(6,878

)

Interest income, net

1,163

1,650

1,722

1,382

1,430

)


Net loss

$

(9,634

)

$

(11,585

)

$

(29,336

)

$

(42,851

)

$

(47,626

)

$

(15,728

)

$

(16,082

)

$

(17,257

)

$

(6,767

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.23

)

$

(0.29

)

$

(0.75

)

$

(1.11

)

$

(1.28

)

$

(0.45

)

$

(0.46

)

$

(1.28

)

$

(0.32

)(1)

(1)
Represents
basic and diluted net loss per share as if the conversion of Class A limited partnership units into shares of common stock had
occurred as of January 1, 1999.
The conversion was a result of the February 28, 1999 merger of Juno Online Services, L.P. with and into Juno Online Services, Inc., with
Juno Online Services, Inc. as the surviving entity. 


JUNO'S MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    


The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Juno should be read in conjunction with the condensed
consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this document as well as its audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
This discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Juno's actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of
various factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under "Risk Factors" elsewhere in this document.


Overview  

    Juno is a leading provider of Internet access to millions of computer users throughout the United States.
Juno offers several levels of service, including free
basic Internet access, billable premium dial-up service, and high-speed broadband access, which is currently provided on a limited scale in selected markets.
Juno's revenues
are derived primarily from the subscription fees it charges for the use of its premium Web access services, and to a lesser extent from the sale of advertising and from various forms of electronic
commerce. 

    
Juno
launched its basic service in April 1996.
Initially, this service provided only basic dial-up e-mail services.
In July 1998, Juno introduced
its first premium services, which offered features ranging from enhanced e-mail services to full access to the World Wide Web, and for which it charged subscription fees.
In 1999 and 2000,
Juno announced a number of major expansions of its services: 

•
Juno's

basic service
 now provides full Internet access for free in addition to e-mail.


•
Juno Web
 provides competitively priced premium Internet access, supplementing the features of the basic
service with free live technical support and customer service, priority access to Juno's network, and the reduction of some forms of on-screen advertising.


•
Juno Express
SM
 is a broadband service designed to provide high-speed access to
the Internet through a variety of technologies, including wireless, cable and digital subscriber line, commonly known as DSL.
Juno Express is currently provided on an experimental basis in selected
markets around the country. 

    
In
December 1999, in connection with the expansion of Juno's free basic service to include full Web access, Juno upgraded all subscribers using its enhanced e-mail
service, Juno Gold, to Juno Web at no additional cost. 

    
In
the month of March 2001, Juno's base of active subscribers increased to 4.1 million, up from 4.0 million in December 2000.
Juno's billable subscriber
base grew to 910,000 at March 31, 2001, up from 842,000 at December 31, 2000.
Total registered subscriber accounts grew to 15.9 million at March 31, 2001, up from
14.2 million at December 31, 2000.
Juno's base of active subscribers encompasses all registered subscriber accounts that connected at least once during the month, together with all
subscribers to a billable service, in each case regardless of the type of activity or activities engaged in by such subscribers.
See "—Selected Subscriber Data." 

    
The
net increase of 68,000 billable subscribers during the first quarter of 2001 was largely attributable to migrations from Juno's free basic service to its billable premium
services.
Toward the end of 2000, Juno began implementing measures designed to encourage heavier users of the free service to modify their usage patterns or upgrade to a billable service.
While these
measures are believed to have caused a certain amount of subscriber attrition from the free service and are likely to contribute to a projected decline in the active subscriber count over the coming
quarters, Juno believes the measures are also responsible in part for the increase in migrations to its billable services that Juno 

experienced at the end of the fourth quarter of 2000 and the start of the first quarter of 2001.
Juno does not expect the growth it experienced in December 2000 and the beginning of the first
quarter of 2001 to continue in the current quarter or in subsequent quarters. 

    
Juno
classifies its revenues as follows: 

•
Billable
services revenues, consisting of:

•
subscription
fees that it receives from subscribers to its premium services;

•
technical
support fees received when subscribers to its free basic service and those subscribers to Juno Web who are subscribed at selected discounted
price points call a 900 number for live assistance from a support technician, as well as fees for other billable services; and

•
fees
charged, at various times, for shipping and handling associated with mailing copies of the Juno software upon request to prospective Juno subscribers,
and for short-term consulting engagements. 


•
Advertising
and transaction fees, consisting of revenues earned from advertisers and strategic marketing partners for displaying advertisements to, and
facilitating electronic commerce with, Juno's subscribers.
These advertisements are displayed within the main Juno software while a Juno subscriber reads or writes e-mail and on Juno's Web
portal site, and during 2000 and a portion of 2001 were also displayed on the persistent advertising and navigation banner shown to its free subscribers at all times while they use the Web.

•
Direct
product sales, consisting of revenues generated from the sale of products directly by Juno to its subscribers and the associated shipping and
handling fees.
Juno began phasing out its direct product sales activities during 1999, and completed this process in August 2000. 

    
Juno
currently offers its billable premium services under a number of pricing plans.
The list price for Juno Web is a flat rate of $19.95 per month, but since the launch of the
service, Juno has offered a number of promotions, such as a free month of service or a discounted rate for an initial or prepaid period, as well as discounted flat-rate plans.
Currently,
the most common pricing plan for Juno Web is a flat fee of $9.95 per month following a free initial month.
During the first quarter of 2001, Juno began adjusting the discounted prices offered through
some marketing channels and to some of its existing subscribers.
For example, Juno changed the billable service price plan it offered on its main Web page and through some other marketing channels
from $9.95 per month to $14.95 per month.
Although Juno expects the reduction of discounted pricing to cause some attrition from its billable services, the company currently projects that revenue lost
due to a decline in billable subscriber count is likely to be largely counterbalanced by the higher revenues collected from the subscribers that remain and the cost savings associated with the
elimination of the usage hours of any billable subscribers that leave the service.
Juno's broadband service, Juno Express, is currently provided through a number of technologies, including DSL and
mobile wireless technologies, at price points starting at $49.95 per month.
Juno has not undertaken any substantial amount of marketing for Juno Express to date, and as of March 31, 2001, only
a negligible number of subscribers, roughly 3,000, not all of whom had completed the installation and set-up process by such date had signed up for broadband service through Juno Express.

Juno has not accepted new subscribers to its DSL service since April 2001 and it currently believes that it is likely to discontinue this service at least in its present form in the near
future.
Subscription revenues for its billable premium services accounted for approximately 97% of billable services revenues during the first quarter of 2001. 

    
The
expansion of Juno's free basic service to include full Web access in December 1999 caused the costs associated with operating its free basic service to increase
significantly on a quarter-over-quarter basis in each of the first three quarters of 2000 due to significantly increased telecommunications 

connection time per subscriber per month.
These costs, which are reflected in the Operations, free service line of its statement of operations, improved somewhat in the fourth quarter of 2000 and
improved substantially further in the first quarter of 2001, following the adoption of measures designed to encourage heavier users of the free service to modify their usage patterns or upgrade to a
billable service.
These measures led to a quarter-over-quarter reduction of 44.5% in average monthly Web connection time for users of its free service in the first quarter of
2001 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2000.
Juno expects its cost of Operations, free service to improve further in the second quarter of 2001. 

    
When
Juno expanded its free service to include full Web access, the company also introduced a persistent advertising and navigation banner that is displayed to its free subscribers at
all times while they use the Web.
Juno's long-term strategy contemplated generating sufficient additional revenues from this persistent advertising banner and from other advertising
inventory it controls to cover the costs associated with Juno's service expansion.
However, Juno has not yet been able to generate sufficient additional revenues to cover these increased costs.

Furthermore, in December 2000, NetZero commenced legal action against Juno asserting that elements of the technology Juno uses in connection with Juno's persistent advertising and navigation
banner infringe on a United States patent issued to NetZero earlier that month.
Juno intends to vigorously contest the allegations.
For most of the first quarter, Juno was prevented from displaying
advertisements for third parties in this persistent advertising banner due to a temporary restraining order issued in connection with this dispute.
However, on April 12, 2001, the court lifted
this temporary restraining order.
On April 17, 2001, Juno resumed displaying third-party advertisements in the persistent advertising banner.
Please see "Juno's Business—Legal
Proceedings" for more detailed information. 

    
Revenues
from advertising and transaction fees declined by 44.9% to $5.8 million in the first quarter of 2001, down from $10.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2000.

This decrease in advertising revenues can be attributed in large part to the widely reported decline in the market for Internet advertising, manifested in part through reduced signings, the reduction
or cancellation of certain existing advertising contracts, and an increase in uncollectible receivables.
On a per-subscriber basis, revenues associated with Juno's free basic service
declined approximately 46.3% in the first quarter of 2001, to an average of $0.51 per month, down from approximately $0.95 per month in the fourth quarter of 2000.
As noted above, Juno has taken steps
to reduce expenses associated with providing the free service, with a particular emphasis on managing telecommunications costs through the reduction of average monthly Web connection time.
Juno
currently expects revenues associated with the free basic service to continue to be exceeded for some time by the sum of the expenses reported on the Operations, free service line and the portion of
the Cost of revenues line associated with the free service.
Juno's business may suffer if the market for Internet-based advertising fails to recover or if the steps it is taking to reduce expenses
fail to have the desired impact.
The impact on Juno of the softness in demand for Internet advertising is reflected in Juno's backlog of advertising contracts, which continued to decrease, to
approximately $7.0 million at the end of the first quarter of 2001 from about $12.0 million at the end of the fourth quarter of 2000 and $28 million at the end of the third
quarter of 2000.
New signings continued to slow in the first quarter of 2001 and a number of advertisers either shortened or cancelled their advertising contracts.
Additionally, as certain advertisers
have gone out of business or found themselves in financial distress—particularly Internet-related companies, which continue to account for the majority of its advertisers—Juno
has also experienced a significant increase in uncollectible receivables.
In light of these trends, Juno currently expects advertising and transaction fee revenue to
decline further over the coming quarters, although it does not expect the revenue decline during the second quarter of 2001 to be as extensive as the roughly 40% drop in backlog from
December 31, 2000 to March 31, 2001. 

    
During
the first quarter of 2001, approximately 80% of Juno's revenues came from billable services, while the remaining 20% came from advertising and transaction fees.
Juno's current 

expectation is that this mix of revenues will remain roughly constant for the remainder of the year, as it continues to emphasize its billable services. 

    
Juno's
competitors for billable services revenues and advertising and transaction fees revenues include companies that have substantially greater market presence, and financial,
technical, distribution, marketing, and other resources than Juno has.
This competitive environment could have a variety of harmful effects on Juno, including, among other things, necessitating
advertising rate reductions or price reductions for Juno's billable services, or placing Juno at a competitive disadvantage if, as Juno currently believes is likely, the company does not maintain or
increase its spending in areas such as marketing and product development. 

    
As
of March 31, 2001, Juno held a total of $46.8 million in cash and cash equivalents.
Juno believes that changes in the market environment over the past year have
increased the value of corporate cash reserves as well as the relative importance of bringing expenses more in line with revenues and reducing reliance on external sources of capital.
Juno has
significantly reduced its operating expenses over each of the last three quarters.
In particular, Juno has reduced Operations, free service expenses and expenditures for subscriber acquisition.

Operations, free service expenses dropped to $6.3 million in the first quarter of 2001, down 42.2% from $10.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2000.
Subscriber acquisition expenses also
decreased to $6.3 million in the first quarter of 2001, down 27.7% as compared to the immediately preceding quarter and down 85.9% as compared to the year-ago quarter.
Juno
currently expects that net losses for the remaining nine months of 2001 will total $15 million or less. 

    
Juno
is subject to industry trends that affect Internet access providers generally, including seasonality and subscriber cancellations.
Juno believes Internet access providers may
incur higher expenses during the last and first calendar quarters, corresponding to heavier usage during the fall and winter, and may experience relatively lighter usage and relatively fewer account
registrations during the summer.
Juno believes some subscriber acquisition methods also tend to be most effective during the first and last calendar quarters of each year, and if Juno were to pursue
such subscriber acquisition activities at some point in the future, Juno may take these types of seasonal effects into consideration in scheduling such marketing campaigns.
Although Juno has relied
heavily on direct mail in the past, Juno has suspended substantially all use of direct mail and does not currently plan to use either this channel or other cash-intensive marketing
channels for subscriber acquisition in the near term.
The results of operations of Internet access providers, including those of Juno, are significantly affected by subscriber cancellations.
The
failure to retain subscribers to its billable premium services, or an increase in the
rate of cancellations of those services, would cause its business and financial results to suffer.
Advertising revenues also depend in part on the size of its overall active subscriber base.
Any
reduction in its overall active subscriber base due to subscriber attrition would reduce the amount of ad inventory it has available to sell and may also have the effect of reducing its advertising
revenue.
Juno currently expects its active and billable subscriber count to decline over the coming quarters, in part as a result of the measures Juno has begun implementing to reduce
telecommunications costs associated with its free service, drive migrations to its billable services, and reduce the use of discounted promotional pricing for its billable services. 

    
Juno's
principal expenses consist of telecommunications, customer service, personnel and related costs, and marketing.
Juno has elected to obtain a number of services principally from
third-party providers.
Services obtained from such providers include telecommunications services, customer service and technical support, and services related to the sale of certain advertising
inventory and the delivery of the associated advertisements.
Juno's business and financial results would be harmed were Juno no longer able to obtain these services at competitive rates. 

    
Juno
has incurred net losses of $289 million from its inception on June 30, 1995 through March 31, 2001.
Juno has relied primarily on sales of equity securities,
totaling $300 million through 

March 31, 2001, to fund its operations.
Included in this amount are $81.1 million of net proceeds from Juno's February 2000 follow-on offering of common stock,
$77.3 million of net proceeds from Juno's May 1999 initial public offering of common stock, $61.9 million of net proceeds from Juno's March 1999 private placement of
Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, which automatically converted into shares of common stock upon the closing of the initial public offering, and $232,000 of net proceeds from
sales of Juno's common stock under its "equity line" facility, which Juno secured in October 2000.
See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" of this Section for additional information about this
facility. 


Results of Operations  

Three Months Ended March 31, 2001
Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2000    

Revenues  

    Total revenues increased $4.7 million, to $28.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $24.0 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2000, an increase of 19.4%.
This increase was due to increases in billable services of $6.2 million, partially offset by a decrease in advertising and transaction
fees of $0.6 million and direct product sales of $0.9 million.

    Billable Services.
  
Billable services revenues increased $6.2 million, to $22.9 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 from $16.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000, an increase of 36.9%.
This increase was due to a greater number of billable service
subscribers and higher average monthly revenue per subscriber in the three months ended March 31, 2001, as compared with the year-ago period.
For more information regarding Juno's
billable service subscribers, see "—Selected Subscriber Data" later in this section.

    
Advertising and Transaction Fees.
  
Advertising and transaction fee revenues decreased $0.6 million, to
$5.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $6.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000, a decrease of 9.7%.
This decrease was due to the decline
in the market for Internet advertising.
Barter transactions accounted for approximately 1.8% and 1.5% of total revenues and 8.9% and 5.5% of advertising and transaction fees for the three months ended
March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

    
Direct Product Sales.
  
Juno stopped conducting direct product sales activities in August 2000 and has not sold
any merchandise or recorded any revenue related to such sales since then.
Direct product sales totaled $0.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000. 


Cost of Revenues  

    Total cost of revenues increased approximately $2.2 million, to $16.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$14.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000, an increase of 15.3%.
This increase was due primarily to an increase of $3.3 million in costs associated with providing
billable services to a substantially larger number of billable subscribers, partially offset by a decrease of $0.2 million in costs associated with advertising and transaction fees and direct
product sales.

    Billable Services.
  
Cost of revenues related to billable services consists primarily of the costs to provide billable
premium services, including telecommunications, customer service, operator-assisted technical support, credit card fees, and personnel and related overhead costs.
In addition, during the three months
ended March 31, 2001, cost of revenues related to billable services included the costs of mailing copies of the Juno software upon request to prospective Juno subscribers, who had to pay for
delivery of the disks at that time, a practice Juno had discontinued for most of 2000. 

    
Cost
of revenues related to billable services increased approximately $3.3 million, to $15.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$12.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 

2000, an increase of 27.6%.
This increase was due primarily to $5.1 million of increased costs to provide Juno's billable subscription services to a substantially larger number of subscribers,
partially offset by $1.8 million in cost savings associated with reducing the average monthly cost to provide the service to each billable subscriber as compared with the year-ago
period.
Costs related to the provision of these billable premium services, principally telecommunications, customer service, and technical support expenses, accounted for 87.1% of the total costs of
revenues related to billable services during the three months ended March 31, 2001 and accounted for $2.7 million of the increase.
These expenses accounted for 88.6% of the total costs
of revenues during the three months ended March 31, 2000.
Cost of billable services revenues as a percentage of billable services revenues improved to 67.0% for the three months ended
March 31, 2001 from 71.9% for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
This percentage improvement was due primarily to telecommunications costs which as a percentage of billable services
revenues decreased by 6%.
Reduced average telecommunications rates, partially offset by increased hours of usage, were responsible for the improvement.
To some extent offsetting the improvement in
telecommunications costs as a percentage of billable services revenues were personnel and overhead costs and customer service costs which decreased by 1.6%, and 0.6%, respectively.
However, cost of
billable services revenues as a percentage of billable services revenues increased for the three months ended March 31, 2001 when compared with 62.2% for in the three months ended
December 31, 2000.
This percentage increase was due primarily to telecommunications costs which as a percentage of billable services revenues increased by 5.5%, as heavier users of Juno's free
service migrated to its billable services following its December 2000 adoption of measures designed to address resource consumption by such users.
Reduced average telecommunications rates and
an increase in average revenue per billable subscriber partially offset the effect of increased usage.
To some extent, offsetting the increase in telecommunications costs as a percentage of billable
services revenues were decreases in personnel and overhead costs and customer service costs as a percentage of billable services revenues of 1.3%, and 1.2%, respectively.
Juno currently expects hours
of usage per billable subscriber to continue to increase.
There can be no assurance that this growth will be offset by a further improvement in average revenue per billable subscriber or in Juno's
effective telecommunications rate.

    
Advertising and Transaction Fees.
  
Cost of revenues for advertising and transaction fees consists primarily of the
transmission costs associated with downloading advertisements to the hard drives of subscribers' computers for later display, the personnel and related costs associated with the creation and
distribution of these advertisements, and the costs associated with reporting the results of ad campaigns to advertisers. 

    
Cost of revenues for advertising and transaction fees decreased approximately $219,000, to $1.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$1.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2000, a decrease of 12.5%.
This decrease was due to the decline in advertising and transaction fee revenue associated with continued
weakness in the market for Internet advertising.
Cost of revenues related to advertising and transaction fees as a percentage of advertising and transaction fees improved

to 26.4% for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from 27.3% for the three months ended March 31, 2000.
This improvement is due to a decrease in telecommunications rates.
However, cost
of revenues related to advertising and transaction fees as a percentage of advertising and transaction fees increased for the three months ended March 31, 2001 when compared with 18.4% for the
three months ended December 31, 2000.
This deterioration of advertising and transaction fees margin resulted from smaller average deal sizes and a reduced revenue base over which to allocate
related overhead costs.
Cost of revenues for advertising and transaction fees as a percentage of advertising and transaction fees is expected to remain at around 30% over the remainder of 2001.

    
Direct Product Sales.
  
Cost of revenues for direct product sales consists primarily of the costs of merchandise sold
directly by Juno to its subscribers and the associated shipping and handling costs. 

    
Juno
stopped conducting direct product sales activities in August 2000 and has not incurred any costs since then.
The cost of revenues for direct product sales was $856,000 for
the three months ended March 31, 2000. 


Operating Expenses  

    Operations, Free Service.
  
Operations, free service expenses represent the costs associated with providing Juno's free
basic service.
Costs consist principally of telecommunications costs, expenses associated with providing customer service, depreciation of network equipment, and personnel and related overhead costs. 

    
Expenses associated with operations, free service increased approximately $152,000 to $6.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $6.1 million for
the three months ended March 31, 2000, an increase of 2.5%.
This increase was due to a rise in telecommunication costs attributable to an increase in the average number of hours that each of
Juno's free service subscribers used the Web, offset primarily by a reduction in its effective telecommunications rate.
However, expenses associated with operations, free service decreased
$4.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 when compared with expenses of $10.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2000.
This improvement resulted
from a reduction in telecommunications costs which was caused by a 44.5% reduction in average monthly Web connection time for users of its free service during the three months ended March 31,
2001 as compared to the three months ended December 31, 2000.
This reduction was driven primarily by measures Juno began implementing late in the fourth quarter of 2000 to encourage heavier
users of the free service to modify their usage patterns or upgrade to a billable service.

    
Subscriber Acquisition.
  
Subscriber acquisition costs include all costs incurred to acquire subscribers to either Juno's
free basic service or to one of its billable premium services.
These costs have historically included the cost of direct mail campaigns, advertising through conventional and computer-based media,
telemarketing, the production of advertisements to be displayed over the Juno services and transmission of such advertisements to its subscribers, disk duplication and fulfillment, and bounties paid
to acquire subscribers, including fees paid under stock-based subscriber referral agreements where payment is made primarily or entirely through the issuance of shares of common stock, among other
marketing activities.
These costs also include various subscriber retention activities, as well as personnel and related overhead costs. 

    
Subscriber acquisition costs decreased $38.5 million, to $6.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $44.8 million for the three months
ended March 31, 2000, a decrease of 85.9%.
This decrease was due to Juno not repeating in the first quarter of 2001 the extensive direct mail campaigns undertaken in the first quarter of 2000,
as well as its suspending other marketing activities such as most television, radio, outdoor and other advertising campaigns, all of which contributed $38.4 million to the improvement.
In
June 2000, Juno decided to substantially curtail cash intensive subscriber acquisition

activities in order to help bring its operating expenses more in line with its revenues.
As a percentage of revenues, subscriber acquisition costs decreased to 21.9% in the three months ended
March 31, 2001 from 186.1% in the three months ended March 31, 2000.

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of the personnel and related overhead costs of the
following departments: advertising sales and business development; direct product sales; and product marketing.
Also included are costs associated with trade advertising intended to support Juno's
advertising sales effort, corporate branding activities unrelated to subscriber acquisition, and public relations, as well as advertising production, advertising transmission, customer service and
fulfillment costs associated with Juno's direct product sales activities. 

    
Sales and marketing costs increased approximately $113,000, to $3.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $3.6 million for the three months ended
March 31, 2000, an increase of 3.1%.
This increase was due primarily to an increase in personnel and related costs of $0.8 million (excluding sales commissions), as well as in trade
advertising of $38,000, partially offset by a reduction in telecommunications and credit card costs associated with direct product sales of $131,000 and sales commissions of $0.6 million.
As a
percentage of revenues, sales and marketing costs improved to 13.0% in the three months ended March 31, 2001 from 15.0% in the three months ended March 31, 2000.


This improvement was due to an increase in revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2001 as compared to the year-ago period.

    
Product Development.
  
Product development includes research and development expenses and other product development
costs.
These costs consist primarily of personnel and related overhead costs. 

    
Product development costs decreased approximately $73,000, to $2.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $2.5 million for the three months ended
March 31, 2000, a decrease of 3.0%.
This decrease was due primarily to a decline in personnel costs in both Juno's domestic and India offices of $89,000, offset in part by a slight increase in
overhead costs of $16,000.
To date, Juno has not capitalized any expenses related to any software development activities.

    
General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel and related overhead
costs associated with executive, finance, legal, recruiting, human resources and facilities functions, as well as various professional expenses. 

    
General and administrative costs increased $1.6 million, to $3.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $1.8 million for the three months
ended March 31, 2000, an increase of 90.4%.
This

increase was due primarily to a rise in expenses associated with additional personnel and related overhead costs of $0.2 million, uncollectible receivables of $0.9 million, and legal
fees associated with Juno's defense of various claims brought against the company by third parties of $0.5 million.
As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative costs increased to
approximately 11.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from 7.4% for the three months ended March 31, 2000.


Interest Income, Net  

    Interest income, net decreased $1.1 million to $0.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001, from $1.7 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2000, a decrease of 62.5%.
This decrease was due primarily to interest income earned on lower average cash balances in the three months ended March 31, 2001
as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2000.
Interest income, net includes interest expense of $19,000 and $44,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. 


Year Ended December 31, 2000
Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1999    

Revenues  

    Total revenues increased $62.0 million, to $114.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $52.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 119%.
This increase was due to increases in billable services of $39.4 million and in advertising and transaction fees of $26.0 million,
partially offset by a decrease in direct product sales of $3.4 million.

    Billable Services.
  
Billable services revenues increased $39.4 million, to $73.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000 from $34.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 114%.
This increase was due primarily to a greater number of billable service
subscribers in the year ended December 31, 2000, as compared with the much smaller number in the year ago period, partially offset by lower average monthly revenue per subscriber. 

    
Advertising and Transaction Fees.
  
Advertising and transaction fees increased $26.0 million, to
$38.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $12.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 206%.
This increase was due to the increase in
Web-enabled subscribers associated with the expansion of Juno's free basic service to include full Web access.
Juno believes this expansion made its subscriber base and ad inventory more
attractive to some categories of advertisers, particularly those interested in attracting traffic to their own Web sites, and may account in part for its year-over-year
increase in sales.
Barter transactions accounted for approximately 2.8% and

1.5% of total revenues and 8.2% and 6.2% of advertising and transaction fees for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. 

    
Direct Product Sales.
  
Direct product sales decreased $3.4 million, to $1.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from $4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, a decrease of 70.4%.
This decline reflects Juno's strategic decision to cease its direct product sales
activities and focus instead on other forms of electronic commerce.
Specifically, Juno decided to concentrate on forming strategic marketing alliances and developing other uses for its advertising
inventory that it believes should generate revenues with higher margins than direct product sales.
Juno stopped conducting direct product sales activities in August 2000. 


Cost of Revenues  

    Total cost of revenues increased $24.7 million, to $58.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $33.8 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 73.0%.
This increase was due primarily to increases in costs associated with billable services of $24.1 million and in advertising and
transaction fees of $3.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in costs associated with direct product sales of $2.8 million.

    Billable Services.
  
Cost of revenues related to billable services increased approximately $24.1 million, to
$49.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $25.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 96.5%.
This increase was due primarily to the
costs of providing Juno's billable subscription services to a substantially larger number of subscribers as compared with the number of subscribers in the year-ago period.
Costs related to
the provision of these billable subscription services, principally telecommunications, customer service, and technical support expenses, accounted for 92.9% of the total costs of revenues related to
billable services during the year ended December 31, 2000 and accounted for $22.8 million of the increase.
These expenses accounted for 91.0% of the total costs of revenues during the
year ended December 31, 1999.
Cost of billable services revenues as a percentage of billable services revenues improved to 66.3% for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 72.2% for the
year ended December 31, 1999.
This percentage improvement was due primarily to decreases in customer service costs, decreases in personnel and related overhead costs, and the elimination of
costs associated with a consulting contract in 2000 that existed in 1999.
These three factors were responsible for decreases as a percentage of billable services revenues equal to 7.1%, 1.6% and 1.0%,
respectively.
Partially offsetting these improvements were increases in telecommunications costs which, as a percentage of billable services revenues, increased by 4.4% over this period.
Increased
hours of usage were responsible for the rise in telecommunications costs as a percentage of billable services revenues.

    
Advertising and Transaction Fees.
  
Cost of revenues for advertising and transaction fees increased $3.4 million,
to $8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 73.6%.
This increase was due to the increase in
advertising and transaction fee revenue associated with the increase in Web-enabled subscribers due to the expansion of Juno's free basic service to include full Web access.
Cost of
revenues related to advertising and transaction fees as a percentage of advertising and transaction fees improved to 21.0% for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 36.9% for the year ended
December 31, 1999.
Decreased telecommunications rates, and faster average connection speeds contributed 6.7% to the percentage improvement.
Economies of scale achieved as a result of an
increase in average deal sizes, and enhancements in Juno's production and distribution methods provided the remainder of the percentage improvement.

    
Direct Product Sales.
  
The cost of revenues for direct product sales decreased approximately $2.8 million, to
$1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, a decrease of 67.8%.
This decrease corresponds to the decrease in 

merchandise sold.
The cost of revenues for direct product sales as a percentage of direct product sales revenues increased to 94.7% for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 87.1% for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
This increase was due to a greater decline in the average retail price of merchandise sold relative to the declines in the costs of such merchandise as well as
additional promotional pricing in response to increasing competition in the computer hardware retail market, which category represented the majority of its merchandise sold.
Juno stopped conducting
direct product sales activities in August 2000.


Operating Expenses  

    Operations, Free Service.
  Expenses associated with operations, free service increased $31.6 million, to
$38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $6.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 472%.
This increase was due primarily to
additional telecommunications costs incurred as a result of the expansion of Juno's free service to include full Internet access and accounted for $30.4 million of the increase.

    
Subscriber Acquisition.
  
Subscriber acquisition costs increased $68.8 million, to $116.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 from $47.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 144%.
This increase is due primarily to $47.4 million in costs related
to extensive direct mail campaigns as well as other marketing activities including television, radio, outdoor and other advertising campaigns.
To a lesser extent, the increase reflects costs
aggregating $9.1 million incurred in connection with two stock-based subscriber referral agreements as well as inbound telemarketing costs amounting

to $5.1 million incurred in connection with subscriber acquisition and retention activities.
As a percentage of revenues, subscriber acquisition costs increased to 102.1% in the year ended
December 31, 2000 from 91.6% in the year ended December 31, 1999.

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing costs increased $6.5 million, to $18.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000 from $11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 56.7%.
This increase is due primarily to an increase in personnel and related costs
of $6.5 million, including sales commissions, as well as trade advertising costs of $130,000, partially offset by a reduction in telecommunications costs of $0.2 million.
As a percentage
of revenues, sales and marketing costs improved to 15.9% in the year ended December 31, 2000 from 22.2% in the year ended December 31, 1999.
This improvement was due primarily to an
increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to the year-ago period.

    
Product Development.
  
These costs consist primarily of personnel and related overhead costs as well as, for periods
prior to May 1999, the costs associated with research and development and other product development activities performed for us on a contract basis by a related party in Hyderabad, India.
In
May 1999, Juno hired as employees substantially all of the individuals who provided services to us under this related-party arrangement. 

    
Product development costs increased approximately $3.1 million, to $10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $7.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999, an increase of 42.2%.
This increase is due primarily to additional personnel and related costs of $2.6 million in both Juno's domestic and India offices related to the
development of the Juno Express premium service and of a new release of its client-side software, version 5.0.
These costs were partially offset by the lower costs of $100,000 associated
with operating Juno's India-based research and development efforts as a majority-owned subsidiary rather than obtaining these services on a contract basis.
To date, Juno has not capitalized any
expenses related to any software development activities.

    
General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative costs increased $4.7 million, to $9.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 from $4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 102%.
This increase is due primarily to a rise in expenses associated with 

additional personnel and related overhead costs of $3.4 million, uncollectible receivables of $0.8 million, insurance costs of $0.4 million, and professional service fees of
$100,000.
As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative costs improved to approximately 8.2% for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 8.9% for the year ended December 31,
1999.

    
Interest Income, Net.
  
Interest income, net increased $1.8 million to $5.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2000, from $3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 48.2%.
This

increase is due primarily to a rise in interest income of $1.6 million earned on higher average cash balances in the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 1999.
Interest income, net includes interest expense of $158,000 and $345,000 for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.


Year Ended December 31, 1999 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1998    

Revenues  

    Total revenues increased $30.3 million, to $52.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $21.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 1998, an increase of 140%.
This increase was due to increases in billable services of $27.9 million and in advertising and transaction fees of $6.2 million, partially
offset by a decrease in direct product sales of $3.8 million.

    Billable Services.
  
Billable services revenues increased $27.9 million, to $34.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999 from $6.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 420%.
This increase was due primarily to the additional number of subscribers to its
billable premium services in the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared with the much smaller number in the year ended December 31, 1998.
Juno's billable premium services were
introduced in July 1998.
Revenues associated with these services contributed $32.5 million of revenues in the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to $3.6 million in the
year ended December 31, 1998, representing an increase of 797%. 

    
Advertising and Transaction Fees.
  
Advertising and transaction fees increased $6.2 million, to
$12.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 96.2%.
This increase was due to larger average
deal sizes associated with the shift in its emphasis towards strategic marketing alliances, partially offset by declines in the number of and the aggregate revenue generated from shorter term ad sales
contracts.
Barter transactions accounted for approximately 1.5% and 0.6% of total revenues and 6.2% and 1.9% of advertising and transaction fees for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

    
Direct Product Sales.
  
Direct product sales decreased $3.8 million, to $4.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from $8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, a decrease of 44.2%.
This decline reflects Juno's strategic decision in 1998 to narrow the range of its
direct product sales activities and of the types of products offered to its subscribers.
Instead, Juno decided to concentrate on forming strategic marketing alliances and developing other uses for its
advertising inventory that it believed would be likely to generate revenues with higher margins than direct product sales. 


Cost of Revenues  

    Total cost of revenues increased $16.8 million, to $33.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $17.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 99.3%.
This increase was due primarily to increases in costs of $19.3 million associated with higher revenues from billable services and
advertising and transaction fees of $1.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in costs associated with direct product sales revenues of $3.5 million.

    Billable Services.
  
Cost of revenues related to billable services increased approximately $19.3 million, to
$25.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 345%.
This increase was due primarily to the costs
of providing Juno's billable premium services to a substantially larger number of subscribers in the year ended December 31, 1999, as compared with the year ended December 31, 1998.

Costs related to the provision of these billable premium services, principally customer service, technical support and telecommunications expenses, accounted for 80.0% of the total costs of revenues
related to billable services during the year ended December 31, 1999 and accounted for $17.0 million of the increase.
Cost of billable services revenues as a percentage of billable
services revenues improved to 72.2% for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 84.4% for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This percentage improvement was due primarily to decreases in
customer service costs, in costs associated with consulting contracts and costs associated with sending requested Juno disks to potential subscribers.
These three factors were responsible for
decreases as a percentage of billable services revenues equal to 22.3%, 7.2%, and 4.0%, respectively.
Partially offsetting these improvements were telecommunications costs and personnel and related
costs which as a percentage of billable services revenues, increased by 18.1% and 1.6%.
Increased hours of usage were responsible for the increase in telecommunications costs as a percentage of
billable services revenues.

    
Advertising and Transaction Fees.
  
Cost of revenues for advertising and transaction fees increased $1.0 million,
to $4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 25.5%.
This increase was due to the impact of
additional strategic marketing alliances.
Cost of revenues related to advertising and transaction fees as a percentage of advertising and transaction fees improved to 36.9% for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from 57.7% for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Decreased telecommunications rates and faster average connection speeds contributed 13.7% to the percentage
improvement.
Economies of scale achieved as a result of an increase in average deal sizes, and enhancements in Juno's production and distribution methods, provided the remainder of the percentage
improvement.

    
Direct Product Sales.
  
Cost of revenues for direct product sales decreased approximately $3.5 million, to
$4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, a decrease of 45.2%.
This decrease corresponds to the decrease in
merchandise sold.
The cost of revenues for direct product sales as a percentage of direct product sales revenues improved to 87.1% for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 88.7% for the year
ended December 31, 1998.
Cost savings

as a percentage of direct product sales associated with outsourcing various functions rather than performing them internally contributed 3.2% to the percentage improvement, partially offset by a
greater decline in the average retail price of merchandise sold relative to the declines in the costs of such merchandise, and additional promotional pricing in response to increasing competition in
the market for computer hardware sales.


Operating Expenses  

    Operations, Free Service.
  Expenses associated with operations, free service decreased $2.7 million, to
$6.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, a decrease of 28.6%.
This decrease was primarily due to a
$2.3 million decline in telecommunications costs caused by a drop in telecommunications rates and increasing connection speeds resulting from the use of faster modems by a portion of its
subscriber base.
The results were not materially impacted by the expansion of Juno's basic service to provide full Internet access for free, since this expansion occurred on December 20, 1999.

    
Subscriber Acquisition.
  
Subscriber acquisition costs increased approximately $42.3 million, to
$47.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This increase is due primarily to costs aggregating
$37.9 million related to Juno's

1999 external marketing campaign which launched in the second quarter of 1999, including direct mail programs, television and radio commercials, outdoor advertising and various other advertising
expenditures.
This increase is also due to inbound telemarketing costs of $2.5 million incurred in connection with subscriber acquisition and retention activities and to ad production and
transmission costs of $0.6 million associated with soliciting basic service subscribers to upgrade to Juno's billable services.
As a percentage of revenues, subscriber acquisition costs
increased to 91.6% in the year ended December 31, 1999 from 24.6% in the year ended December 31, 1998.
Costs related to Juno's 1999 external marketing campaign contributed 63.5% to the
percentage increase.

    Sales and Marketing.
  
Sales and marketing costs were $11.6 million for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998.
Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 1999 include increased trade advertising costs of $1.4 million as compared to the year ended December 31,
1998.
This increase was partially offset by cost reductions of $0.8 million associated with Juno's decision to scale back various direct product sales activities.
Sales and marketing costs for
the year ended December 31, 1998 include one-time costs of $0.6 million associated with this decision.
As a percentage of revenues, sales and marketing costs improved to
22.2% in the year ended December 31, 1999 from 53.4% in the year ended December 31, 1998.
This improvement was due to an increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999.

    
Product Development.
  
Product development costs decreased $0.1 million, to $7.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from $7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, a decrease of 1.5%.
This decrease is primarily due to lower costs associated with operating Juno's
India-based research and development efforts as a majority-owned subsidiary, rather than obtaining these services on a contract basis, partially offset by additional personnel and related costs in
both its domestic and India offices.
Product development costs in the year ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 related to the continued development of Juno's billable premium services and of
various pieces of software.

    
General and Administrative.
  
General and administrative costs increased approximately $1.9 million, to
$4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 67.2%.
This increase is primarily due to increased
insurance costs for directors' and officers' liability insurance of $0.5 million, professional service fees of $0.6 million and additional personnel and related overhead costs of
$0.8 million.
As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative costs decreased to 8.9% for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 12.7% for the year ended December 31, 1998.

This decrease was due to the increase in revenue for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to the year ended December 31, 1998.

    
Interest Income, Net.
  
Interest income, net increased approximately $3.7 million, to $3.7 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999 from $44,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This increase is primarily due to a rise in interest income of $3.5 million earned on higher
average cash balances in the year ended December 31, 1999 resulting from Juno's initial public offering in May 1999 and from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock in
March 1999.
Interest income, net includes interest expense of $345,000 and $537,000 for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively.


Selected Subscriber Data  

    The following table sets forth selected subscriber data for each of the nine quarters ended March 31, 2001.
This data should be read in conjunction with
the information appearing elsewhere herein.
The selected subscriber data for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of future periods. 


Selected Subscriber Data:

Mar. 31,

Dec. 31,

Sept. 30,

Jun. 30,

Mar. 31,

Dec. 31,

Sept. 30,

Jun. 30,

Mar. 31,

Total registered subscriber accounts as of(1)

15,890,000

14,153,000

12,771,000

11,048,000

9,430,000

8,137,000

7,613,000

7,175,000

6,817,000

Active subscriber accounts in month ended(2)

4,133,000

4,001,000

3,700,000

3,379,000

3,053,000

2,394,000

2,326,000

2,311,000

2,464,000

Active Web-enabled subscribers in months ended(3)

3,736,000

3,587,000

3,251,000

2,876,000

2,358,000

771,000

268,000

160,000

121,000

Billable service accounts as of(4)

910,000

842,000

750,000

730,000

661,000

550,000

400,000

270,000

207,000

(1)
Includes
all subscriber accounts created since Juno's inception, computed after deduction of any accounts that have since been cancelled, but regardless of current activity, if any.


(2)
Encompasses
all registered subscriber accounts that connected at least once during the month, together with all subscribers to a billable service, in each case regardless of the
type of activity or activities engaged in by such subscribers.


(3)
Refers
to the subset of active subscriber accounts that have been centrally provisioned for, and provided with the client-side software necessary to access, not only e-mail, but
also the World Wide Web, regardless of the extent, if any, to which such subscribers have actually used the Web.

(4)
Represents
the subset of active subscriber accounts that carry a charge for premium functionality. 


Liquidity and Capital Resources  

    Since its formation, Juno has financed its operations primarily from funds generated by the sale of equity securities.
Sales of equity securities include
$81.1 million of net proceeds from Juno's February 2000 follow-on offering of common stock, $77.3 million of net proceeds from Juno's May 1999 initial public
offering of common stock, $61.9 million of net proceeds from Juno's March 1999 private placement of redeemable convertible preferred stock, which converted into common stock upon the
completion of its initial public offering, and $232,000 of net proceeds from sales of Juno's common stock under its "equity line" facility, which Juno secured in October 2000.
Juno has incurred
significant losses since inception, totaling $289 million through March 31, 2001.
As of March 31, 2001 Juno had $46.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. 

    
Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2001 decreased $33.2 million to $8.7 million, down from $41.9 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2000.
This decrease was primarily the result of a decline in subscriber acquisition expenses, which represented approximately 101% of the overall decrease in the
net loss, and a decrease in the balance of accounts receivable, offset in part by a decrease in the balance of accounts payable and accrued expenses associated with subscriber acquisition liabilities
and deferred revenue.
The decline in subscriber acquisition expenses was attributable to Juno's decision to substantially curtail subscriber acquisition activities in order to help bring its operating
expenses more in line with its revenues.
The decrease in accounts receivable resulted from a decline in advertising and transaction fee revenues, as well as increased collection efforts during the
three months ended March 31, 2001 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2000.
Accounts receivable includes the portion of advertising and transaction fees and billable
subscriber fees that have been billed in advance of the performance of all or a portion of the related services and that have not been collected.
The portions of accounts receivable related to these
fees as of March 31, 2001 and 2000—and the corresponding equal amounts that remained in its deferred revenue liability account balances at such dates—were approximately
$4.5 million and $2.7 million, respectively.

    
Net cash used in investing activities was $140,000, and $2.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
The principal use of cash for the
periods presented was for the purchase of fixed assets.
As a result of its outsourcing arrangements for telecommunications services and customer service, Juno has substantially reduced the level of
capital expenditures that would otherwise have been necessary to develop its product offerings.
In the event that these outsourcing arrangements were no longer available to Juno, significant capital
expenditures would be required and its business and financial results could suffer.
Expenditures associated with the purchase of telecommunications capacity, the provision of customer service, and
subscriber acquisition and retention activities are expected to continue to represent a material use of Juno's cash resources. 

    
Net
cash used by and provided by financing activities was $64,000 and $81.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001, and 2000, respectively.
Financing
activities for the three months ended March 31, 2000 primarily included $81.1 million in net proceeds Juno received from its February 2000 follow-on offering of common
stock. 

    
In
October 2000, Juno entered into a common stock investment agreement with a private investment fund, The Kingston Limited Partnership, providing for the future issuance and
purchase of shares of its common stock.
This agreement and a related registration rights agreement constitute what is commonly referred to as an "equity line" facility.
The equity line facility
permits Juno to sell, subject to various restrictions, up to $7.5 million of common stock in each of up to 20 drawdown periods of 22 trading days each over the course of a period of up to two
years, provided that Juno cannot sell more than $125 million worth of shares in total under the facility and may in practice only be able to sell a much lower amount.
The total number of shares
that may be issued under the facility depends on a number of factors, including the market price and trading volume of its common stock during each drawdown period Juno chooses to initiate.
Any stock
issued to Kingston under this facility will generally be purchased at a price equal to 94 percent of the volume-weighted average trading price of Juno's common stock on a given purchase day.

Additionally, Kingston will generally not be obligated to purchase shares from Juno on any day when the purchase price of Juno's common stock would be less than $1.50 per share.
Since Kingston's
purchase price will generally be 94% of Juno's volume-weighted average trading price during a given purchase day, Kingston generally will have no obligation to purchase shares on a given day to the
extent that the volume-weighted average trading price of Juno's shares during such day is less than $1.60 per share.
Prior to the reduction of this minimum price condition from $2.50 per share to
$1.50 per share in March 2001, Kingston agreed to waive the $2.50 minimum price condition with respect to one drawdown period, and Kingston may agree from time to time to waive the minimum
purchase price in effect in the future to allow Juno to sell common stock to Kingston at prices lower than $1.50 per share.
Kingston does not have an obligation to permit such sales, and may grant or
deny such waivers in its sole discretion.
Even if Kingston does grant such a waiver in a particular case and, at Juno's request, accepts a new minimum purchase price lower than $1.50 per share for a
given drawdown period, there can be no assurance that Juno will meet such new minimum trading price condition to Juno's ability to draw down funds for all or any portion of such drawdown period.
Juno
will control the timing and frequency of any sales, subject to the facility's various restrictions, and has no obligation to draw down any minimum amount or number of times.
However, the facility may
be terminated if Juno sells no shares to the fund for a period of four consecutive months.
Juno has not sold any shares to the fund since March 2001, and Juno may not draw down any amount under
the facility while the mergers are pending. 

    
The
common stock investment agreement provides that the equity line will not be available to Juno unless a registration statement is effective to permit the fund to resell the shares
purchased by it.
Juno has filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28, 2000 to register the resale by the fund of up
to 10,000,000 shares of the common stock that may be issued to Kingston under the equity line facility.
As of April 30, 2001 Juno had sold 317,400 shares and raised net proceeds of $232,000
under this facility. 

    
Juno believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. 

    
Over
the coming quarters, Juno expects further improvements in its operating expenses.
Savings are expected to be driven by further reductions in telecommunications hours associated
with the free service and, to a lesser extent, in expenditures for subscriber acquisition, as well as by reductions in staff-related expenses achieved by the recent scaling back of selected
departments in response to the evolving business environment and expanding the use of Juno's resources in India.
In April 2001, Juno eliminated approximately forty positions (net of ongoing
replacement searches) that Juno concluded were no longer necessary due to shifts in the business and the relocation of certain functions to Juno's India office.
At April 30, 2001, worldwide
headcount was 262. 

    
In
2000, Juno entered into several transactions in which Juno's payment for services rendered may be settled, in whole or in part, through the issuance of its common stock. 

    
On
June 29, 2000, Juno entered into a subscriber referral agreement with SmartWorld Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries SmartWorld Technologies, LLC and Freewwweb,
LLC.
Under the terms of the Freewwweb Agreement, Freewwweb began to refer Freewwweb's subscribers to Juno's Internet access services on July 19, 2000 and is entitled to receive consideration
from Juno for each former Freewwweb subscriber that became a new subscriber to Juno's services and subsequently met certain qualification criteria.
Under the terms of the Freewwweb Agreement, such
consideration will include cash and may include, at Juno's option, shares of Juno's common stock.
The number of shares of Juno's common stock will be based on the closing sale price of Juno's common
stock on the dates of issuance.
In accordance with the Freewwweb Agreement, Juno has ceased accepting additional Freewwweb subscribers.
Juno has not yet issued any shares of its common stock to
Freewwweb or Freewwweb's affiliates under this agreement.
Please see "Juno's Business—Legal Proceedings" for additional information concerning this transaction. 

    
On
September 18, 2000, Juno entered into a distribution agreement with Babbage's Etc.
LLC.
Under the terms of this agreement, Babbage's agreed to distribute Juno's software and
will receive periodic
compensation from Juno for each new subscriber generated by such distribution that subsequently meets certain qualification criteria.
The compensation received by Babbage's will include shares of
Juno's common stock or, at Juno's option, cash.
The number of shares of Juno's common stock issuable to Babbage's will be based on the closing sale price of Juno's common stock on the dates of
issuance.
Juno has not yet issued any shares of its common stock to Babbage's under this agreement. 

    
Juno
may find additional opportunities to issue its equity securities as consideration for subscriber acquisition, telecommunications, or other significant operating costs in the
future.
Juno may also seek to sell additional equity or debt securities.
If non-cash methods for payment of operating costs are used or additional funds are raised by Juno issuing equity
securities, stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interest and the newly issued securities may have rights superior to those of Juno's common stock.
If additional funds
are raised by its issuing debt, Juno may be subject to limitations on its operations.
There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  

    Juno's results of operations, financial position, and cash flows are not materially affected by changes in the relative values of non-U.S. currencies to the
U.S. dollar.
Juno does not use derivative financial instruments to limit its foreign currency risk exposure. 


NETZERO'S BUSINESS    

General  

    NetZero is a leading provider of Internet access services and online targeted marketing solutions.
NetZero offers consumers free and pay access to the
Internet, e-mail and customizable navigation tools that provide "speed dial" to key sites on the Internet.
Its services are currently available in more than 5,000 cities across the United
States and Canada.
In addition to offering consumers access to the Internet, NetZero offers marketers targeting capabilities through numerous online advertising channels.
NetZero also offers
advertisers and commerce partners a variety of additional services to build their brands and market their products, including referring its users to partners' Web sites, enabling customer
registrations and facilitating electronic commerce transactions.
NetZero's CyberTarget division offers marketers and advertisers mass-scale, online market research and measurement
services.
The company was incorporated in July 1997 and launched its Internet access service in October 1998. 

    
From October 1998 through December 2000, NetZero offered a free and unlimited Internet access service which was supported by advertising and commerce.
However, several
factors, including declines in Internet advertising rates, have resulted in NetZero amending its strategy to include billable services and to restrict the number of free hours it offers per household
per month.
Through June 30, 2001 approximately 8.8 million users registered for NetZero's Internet access services, of which approximately 3.4 million accessed its services in the
month of June 2001.
Approximately 210,000 of these users were subscribers of NetZero's pay services as of June 30, 2001.

    
In
January 2001, NetZero began limiting its free Internet service to a maximum of 40 hours per household per calendar month.
Households desiring to exceed the
40 hour limitation are currently offered the opportunity to sign up for the Extended Access Pass, a plan that provides households the option to pay a fee, currently set at $9.95, to allow them
access to the NetZero service for the remainder of the calendar month.
If these households elect not to pay a fee when they reach the 40 hour limit during a given month they will be denied
access to the service for the remainder of the month, but their account will not be terminated and they can begin accessing the service for free at the beginning of the next month. 

    
In
March 2001, NetZero launched a new service called NetZero Platinum.
The NetZero Platinum service offers users Internet service for a monthly fee, currently $9.95.
In most
respects, NetZero
Platinum is the same as NetZero's standard free service except that the 40 hour limitation does not apply, the user accesses a modified start-page and the service features a small
toolbar without the advertising banners currently included in the ZeroPort on the free service. 

    
Effective October 1, 2001, NetZero intends to implement additional restrictions on its free service, including reducing the number of hours per month from 40 to 10 that a
household can use the free service and eliminating the free service offering from certain areas where telecommunications costs make the offering cost prohibitive.
During the month of June 2001,
approximately 30% of NetZero's active users accessed its free service for more than 10 hours and approximately 8% of NetZero's active users accessed its free service solely from dial-up numbers in
areas that will no longer be available to free users after October 1, 2001.
NetZero intends to continue to offer billable services in the areas where it discontinues its free service.
As a
result of these measures, NetZero anticipates a significant decline in its active free user base.
There is no assurance that these measures will not be modified or that they will be implemented as
planned.


Industry Background  

    There are over 7,000 Internet service providers in the United States, varying widely in geographic coverage, user focus and the nature and quality of services
provided to users.
With the exception of several large providers, the vast majority of Internet service providers do not offer branded nationwide coverage.
A number of Internet service providers
supplement their basic access with services such as 

electronic commerce and telecommunications.
Most Internet service providers charge users monthly access fees and fees for additional services, such as hosting users' Web sites.
Pay services can cost
as much as $280 per year for dial-up Internet access.
Telecommunications costs associated with providing dial-up Internet access have declined in recent years with the
emergence of wholesale providers that resell capacity to Internet service providers.
These providers have built networks on a large scale and are able to spread the cost of their networks over
multiple Internet service providers.
NetZero believes that while users are generally focused on speed and reliability as they evaluate Internet access services, they are also increasingly focusing on
cost, particularly as their other computing costs decline and since the rest of their online experience is generally free. 

    
Many
Internet service providers supplement their billable service revenues through sales of online advertising.
NetZero was the first company to offer free, unlimited Internet access
on a nationwide basis supported primarily by advertising.
A number of a companies followed suit by offering either free Internet access or Internet access that is priced significantly lower than the
fees charged by some of the larger providers.
However, online advertising rates have declined significantly, and NetZero does not believe that an unlimited, free Internet access service can be
profitable on a standalone basis in the current environment.
In fiscal 2001 the majority of companies who offered free Internet access have either ceased to offer free Internet access or have ceased
operations as a result of their failure to generate positive cash flow or raise additional funding through the capital markets. 

    
Due
to factors including the decline in online advertising rates, NetZero has shifted its strategy away from offering an unlimited free access service to offering a limited free
access service and value priced pay services.
While NetZero continues to focus on developing and offering a variety of products to advertisers and marketers to support its limited free service
offering, the uncertainty in the advertising market will require NetZero to continue to evaluate the scope of services that can be offered to users free of charge.
In the near term, NetZero intends to
focus on marketing its pay services to existing free users as well as to potential users serviced by other Internet services providers or users who are purchasing Internet services for the first time. 


Sources of Revenue  

    NetZero generates revenues through billable services, media fees, direct marketing agreements, referring its users to partners' Web sites, enabling customer
registrations for partners and facilitating electronic commerce transactions.
NetZero also generates revenues through sales of market research data generated by its service.
NetZero implements these
revenue arrangements through a number of products and services, primarily including the following: 

Billable Services Revenues  

    In January 2001, NetZero began limiting its free Internet access to 40 hours per month per household and offering users who reach their limit the
Extended Access Pass for $9.95, which currently provides unlimited Internet access for the remainder of the month.
This is designed to either reduce telecommunications expense associated with heavy
users or, alternatively, generate additional revenues to mitigate such expense.
Also, in March 2001, NetZero introduced the NetZero Platinum service at $9.95 per month, which provides users
with unlimited Internet access each month and features a thin toolbar without the advertising banners currently included in the ZeroPort on the free service.
In addition, billable services includes
fees charged to prospective users related to the cost of producing, shipping and handling copies of the NetZero software on CDs. 


Advertising and Commerce Revenues  

    The Start Page.
  
NetZero designates the first Web site viewed by its users during an Internet access session.
This page
for the vast majority of users used to be My Z Start and has recently been replaced by Best of the Net, a Web site designed by NetZero that displays sponsored links to a variety 

of information, services and products, including search, news, sports, music, weather, stocks and shopping.
NetZero generates revenues from the Best of the Net start page by users clicking on links
and being referred to sponsors' Web sites.
For the nine months ended March 31, 2001, NetZero derived approximately 25% of its revenue from its start page agreement with LookSmart which provided
search functionality on both the Start Page and the ZeroPort.
The agreement with LookSmart was terminated in January 2001 and has not been replaced with a comparable agreement.
As a result,
revenues from the Start Page will be significantly lower in the future. 

    
The ZeroPort.
  
A primary element of NetZero's free service is the ZeroPort displayed on users' screens throughout their
Internet access sessions.
The ZeroPort is a small window displayed on its users' computer screens while they are online that is always visible regardless of where they navigate.
Users can dock the
ZeroPort at the top or bottom of their screen but they cannot close it.
NetZero generates revenues through the ZeroPort by displaying and/or users clicking on banner advertisements which can be
targeted based on users' profiles and online behavior; buttons, icons and drop-down menus which are linked to advertisers' and sponsors' Web sites or functionality offerings, including
search; a ticker which, when enabled by the user, delivers information through the ZeroPort which is linked directly to sponsors' Web sites; and displaying a sponsor's media message with no resulting
link to a Web site. 

    NZTV.
  
In December 1999, NetZero acquired 100% of the outstanding capital stock of AimTV in exchange for approximately
975,000 shares of NetZero common stock and options to purchase common stock of NetZero.
AimTV has developed patent-pending technology that allows NetZero to display video and other forms of animated
advertisements in a small window on the computer screens of certain NetZero users while they make dial-up connection to access the Internet.