URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/889005/000095013401503772/0000950134-01-503772.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     For the last several years, the exploration and production industry has
experienced rapid consolidation.
During the last few years of this period,
management of Belco periodically evaluated participation in this consolidation
trend as a solution to strategic issues facing Belco, including its
concentration of equity ownership and highly leveraged capital structure.
During
this same period, Westport considered various merger candidates in connection
with its growth strategy.

     
In early January 2001, Barth E. Whitham, Westport's President and Chief
Operating Officer, called Grant W. Henderson, Belco's President and Chief
Operating Officer, to suggest a meeting.
Mr. Henderson met with Mr. Whitham in
Dallas, Texas on January 17, 2001.
At this meeting, Mr. Whitham expressed an
interest in a potential business combination between Westport and Belco.
Mr.
Henderson and Mr. Whitham agreed to explore a possible business combination
further with executive management of their respective companies.

     
On January 29, 2001, Messrs. Whitham and Henderson met in San Diego,
California and further discussed the potential combination of Westport and
Belco.

     
On February 8, 2001, Mr. Henderson met in Dallas, Texas with Donald D.
Wolf, Westport's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss the merits of
a potential business combination.
The two executives agreed to proceed with a
more in-depth review of each other's properties and operations.
In order to
facilitate such a review, Westport and Belco entered into a confidentiality
agreement dated February 9, 2001.
Following execution of the confidentiality
agreement, the two parties began to share non-public information with each other
about their respective properties and operations.
Subsequently, the companies
exchanged detailed financial information.

     
On March 30, 2001, Mr. Henderson met with Messrs. Wolf and Whitham in
Denver, Colorado to discuss the parties' preliminary analyses of the exchanged
data.
The parties also discussed the financial impact of the transaction on the
two companies and the potential synergies between the two companies' assets and
personnel.

     
On April 17, 2001, Messrs. Wolf and Whitham met with Robert A. Belfer,
Belco's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Belfer,
Belco's Vice Chairman, and Mr. Henderson at Belco's offices in New York.
The
primary purpose of this meeting was for executive management of the two
companies to become acquainted and to discuss, among other things, the strengths
and philosophies of the two companies.

     
On April 25, 2001, Mr. Henderson met in Dallas, Texas with Messrs. Wolf and
Whitham and Lon McCain, Westport's Chief Financial Officer.
At the meeting, the
parties discussed the financial and tax implications of a business combination,
the contributions that each company would make to the combined company, the
attributes of each company's reserve base and the potential synergies between
the two companies.
The parties also discussed personnel issues and the role of
Belco's Dallas office following any business combination.
At this time, Mr. Wolf
relayed Westport's possible interest in submitting a proposal to Belco, subject
to completing additional due diligence.
At the conclusion of the meeting, each
party agreed to meet with representatives of the other company's independent
reserve engineers in order to review reserve information in more detail.
Such
meetings took place during the week of April 30, 2001.
Belco representatives
also met in Houston with Westport's Gulf of Mexico asset team to discuss
Westport's capital program, prospect size, risk and other issues related to
Westport's offshore activities.
On May 1, 2001, Westport retained Credit Suisse
First Boston as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed
transaction.

     
On May 7, 2001, Westport submitted its preliminary indication of interest
in entering into a merger transaction in which Belco common stockholders would
receive between .4 and .5 shares of Westport common stock for each Belco share,
with the final exchange ratio to be fixed at the execution of a definitive
agreement.
The indication of interest also contemplated a non-solicitation
covenant and

termination fee provision as well as Westport's receipt of voting agreements
from Belco's significant stockholders, including Robert A. Belfer.

     
On May 9, 2001, following Belco's annual stockholders meeting, Belco held a
regularly scheduled board meeting.
At the meeting, the board of directors
discussed in detail Belco's strategic position and alternatives, including the
prospects for a business combination, and was informed of Westport's proposal.

Management provided to the board of directors a description of Westport's
operations and the relative contribution that both companies would make to the
combined company.
In addition to discussing Westport's proposal, including the
anticipation that Belco's designees would obtain two seats on the combined
company's board of directors, the directors also considered the prospects for
receiving any other offer on more favorable terms than Westport's offer.
The
board of directors concluded that any resulting documentation with Westport
would need to permit Belco to accept a superior proposal if one were
subsequently received.
Belco's board of directors was also advised that Westport
had approached Mr. Henderson about joining the combined company's management
team after completion of the proposed combination.
After discussing Westport's
proposal, the board of directors determined that management should proceed with
discussions with Westport regarding a possible business combination and should
attempt to obtain a more favorable exchange ratio.
The board of directors also
directed management to retain a financial advisor to advise Belco in the
transaction and for the purpose of rendering an opinion with respect to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to holders of Belco common stock of
any exchange ratio to which the parties might ultimately agree.
On May 18, 2001,
Belco retained Petrie Parkman & Co. as its financial advisor in connection with
the proposed transaction.

     
On May 15, 2001, Mr. Henderson contacted Mr. Wolf and proposed a fixed
exchange ratio of .45 shares of Westport common stock for each share of Belco
common stock.
On May 18, 2001, Westport held a regularly scheduled board of
directors meeting at which the potential combination of Westport and Belco was
discussed.
Management presented to the board a review of Belco's reserves,
operations, pro forma financials, potential ownership, exchange ratios and
contribution analysis.
Following discussion of the transaction the board
directed management to focus on determining the capital requirements needed to
successfully exploit the assets of the combined company, and emphasized the
importance of focusing on the makeup of the combined company's asset portfolio.

Credit Suisse First Boston subsequently led a discussion concerning valuation,
market perception and potential deal structure.
The board directed management to
proceed with negotiations regarding the potential combination with Belco.

Following the Westport board meeting, Mr. Wolf proposed to Mr. Henderson two
alternative pricing formulas for the proposed transaction.
The first pricing
formula proposed a fixed exchange ratio of .4 shares of Westport common stock
for each outstanding share of Belco common stock.
Under the second pricing
formula, the fixed exchange ratio would be set at the execution of a definitive
merger agreement based on the average closing sale price for Westport common
shares for the 15 trading days prior to the execution of the definitive merger
agreement.
The ultimate exchange ratio under the second formula would also be
subject to a collar ranging from .375 to .425.

     
During the course of negotiations between Westport and Belco from May 18
through May 21, 2001, the parties actively negotiated the exchange ratio and
other issues.
Westport's final proposal was .4125, which the Belco
representatives took under advisement pending the completion of due diligence
and the resolution of the other open issues.

     
On May 22, 2001, the Belco board of directors held, with a representative
of Petrie Parkman in attendance, a meeting at which it was apprised of the
recent developments concerning the exchange ratio and the status of the
transaction.
The board directed management to continue the negotiations and
agreed to reconvene to make its final determination when the final terms had
been negotiated and when Petrie Parkman was prepared to present its detailed
analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Belco exchange
ratio, taking into account the Westport exchange ratio, to holders of Belco
common stock.

     
On May 23, 2001, legal counsel for Westport delivered an initial draft of a
proposed merger agreement for the merger of Westport and Belco.
The structure
ultimately agreed to by the parties provided for the merger of Westport with and
into Belco in order to qualify the transaction as a tax-free

reorganization with Belco being renamed "Westport Resources Corporation" ("New
Westport").
Under the proposed structure, each outstanding share of Westport
common stock would become one share of New Westport common stock and each
outstanding share of Belco common stock would become .4125 of a share of New
Westport.
Each share of Belco convertible preferred stock outstanding would
remain outstanding and, after the merger, would become convertible into .465795
of a share of New Westport.
From May 23, 2001 to May 31, 2001, the parties
actively negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and the related documents.

These negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including, among
other things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the
restrictions on the conduct of the parties' businesses, the conditions to
completion of the proposed merger, the provision regarding termination, the
details of the non-solicitation clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the
termination fees, the consequences of termination and the delivery and terms of
the voting agreements and the amended and restated shareholders agreement.

     
On May 24, 2001 and May 25, 2001, the financial advisors of both parties
met in Denver, Colorado to perform diligence on both Belco and Westport.

     
On May 31, 2001, Belco held a board meeting to update the directors on the
status of the negotiations with Westport.
The Belco board of directors received
a presentation from Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., legal counsel for Belco, with
respect to the material terms of the merger agreement, the voting agreements and
a proposed retention and severance plan for Belco employees.
Woodburn and Wedge,
Nevada counsel to Belco, advised the Belco directors of their fiduciary duties
under Nevada law.
Representatives of Petrie Parkman presented its financial
analysis of the Belco exchange ratio, taking into account the Westport exchange
ratio.
The board of directors authorized the implementation of an employee
retention and severance plan and directed management to revise the proposed plan
to provide Belco employees with protection against the possibility of
termination immediately after the expiration of the proposed severance period.

The Belco board of directors also directed management to continue the
negotiation of the provisions that would permit the Belco board of directors to
terminate the merger agreement in order to comply with their fiduciary duties.

The board of directors also nominated Robert A. Belfer and Laurence D. Belfer to
serve as the Belco designees to New Westport's board of directors.

     
On June 1, 2001, Westport held a board meeting to provide the board with an
update on the negotiations between Belco and Westport.
Management and Akin,
Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, L.L.P., Westport's legal counsel, discussed the
structure of the transaction, the status of the outstanding Belco convertible
preferred stock, the change of control provisions of Belco's senior subordinated
debt, the refinancing of Belco's existing bank debt and the status of the merger
agreement.
Credit Suisse First Boston discussed the perception of the
transaction from an analyst's perspective (specifically the accretiveness of the
transaction and the strategic considerations), valuation issues and other
financing alternatives.
Credit Suisse First Boston further reviewed the proposed
exchange ratio and the contribution analysis.
The board requested additional
analysis to separate the impact of the economic value of the transaction from
the financing effects.
The board directed management to continue negotiations
with Belco.

     
From May 30 to June 1, 2001, the parties continued to conduct their
respective due diligence reviews.
From May 31 through June 8, 2001, the
respective working groups of Westport and Belco continued negotiation of the
merger agreement and related documents.
During this period, the parties agreed
to revise Belco's proposed retention and severance plan to shorten the retention
period and lengthen the severance coverage period.
The parties also revised the
termination provisions of the merger agreement to provide that the Belco board
of directors would have the ability to consider unsolicited offers, negotiate
with and provide information to the maker of any such offers if the board of
directors believed that such offers may reasonably be expected to result in a
"superior proposal" and, if the board of directors in fact deemed an offer to be
"superior" to Westport's offer following any such negotiations, Belco would have
the right to terminate the merger agreement provided that Belco gave Westport
notice of the superior offer and a three business day period to match the
superior offer.

     
On June 7, 2001, Belco held a board meeting to inform the directors of the
status of the negotiations with Westport.
Belco management presented its views
of the proposed transaction.
Belco's legal counsel summarized its due diligence
review and presented a summary of the terms of the merger agreement, including a
discussion of the termination provisions that had been further negotiated by the
parties since the May 31, 2001 Belco board meeting.
Mr. Henderson summarized the
results of the business due diligence review.
Representatives of Petrie Parkman
presented its financial and valuation analysis and, after summarizing its
analysis, presented its oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in
writing) to the Belco board of directors to the effect that, as of June 7, 2001,
the Belco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the Belco
common stockholders, taking into account the Westport exchange ratio.
Mr.
Henderson informed the board of directors that he had received, and was
considering, an offer to join the management of New Westport after completion of
the merger and described the financial terms of the offer.
Following additional
deliberation and discussion of the transaction, the Belco board of directors
unanimously approved the terms of the merger, the merger agreement, the voting
agreements, the amended and restated shareholders agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby and agreed to recommend the merger to the stockholders of
Belco.

     
On June 8, 2001, Westport held a board meeting to inform the directors of
the status of the negotiations with Belco.
Management presented its views of the
proposed transaction.
Westport's legal counsel summarized the due diligence
process and status of the merger agreement, voting agreements and shareholders
agreement.
Credit Suisse First Boston presented its financial and valuation
analysis and its oral opinion to the board that the exchange ratio was, as of
the date of the meeting, fair from a financial point of view to Westport.

Following additional discussion and deliberation, the Westport directors
unanimously approved the merger agreement, the voting agreements and the
shareholders agreement and the transactions contemplated by such agreements, and
agreed to recommend that Westport's stockholders approve the merger and adopt
the merger agreement.

     
Subsequent to the meeting of the Belco board of directors, legal counsel
for Belco and Westport finalized the merger agreement and the related documents,
and late in the evening on June 8, 2001, Belco and Westport entered into the
merger agreement.
Simultaneously, Belco, Westport and each of the parties to the
voting agreements and the amended and restated shareholders agreement executed
those documents.
Belco and Westport announced the transaction on June 9, 2001.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Belco

     By the unanimous vote at a meeting held on June 7, 2001, the Belco board of
directors determined the merger to be advisable and in the best interests of
Belco and its stockholders and approved the merger and the merger agreement.
In
reaching its decision to declare the merger advisable and approve the merger and
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Belco board
of directors consulted with Belco's legal and financial advisors, as well as
with Belco's management.
The Belco board of directors considered a number of
material factors, including:

     - the Belco board of directors' understanding of the present and
       anticipated environment in the independent exploration and production
       sector of the energy industry, and the continued consolidation within
       this sector;

     - information concerning the financial condition, results of operations,
       prospects and businesses of Belco and Westport, including the reserves of
       the companies, their production volumes, their cash flows from
       operations, the recent stock market performance of Belco common stock and
       Westport common stock, and the ratio of Belco's common stock price to
       Westport's common stock price over various periods;

     - current industry, economic and market conditions;

     - Belco's hedge position would be far less material to the combined
       company's aggregate level of production;

     - Belco management's belief that the larger, more diversified New Westport
       should benefit from better credit ratings, more flexible financing terms
       and lower financing costs;

     - the Belco board of directors' belief that the merger would strengthen
       Belco's presence in its core areas: the Permian Basin/Mid-Continent, the
       Rocky Mountains and the Gulf Coast;

     - the financial and business prospects for the combined business, including
       general information relating to possible synergies, cost reductions, and
       operating efficiency and consolidations (in particular, the board of
       directors took note of the plan to utilize Belco's Dallas office and
       personnel to manage the combined company's Permian Basin, Mid-Continent
       and onshore Gulf Coast assets);

     - the fact that the combined company would have a larger market
       capitalization and a more liquid trading market for its common stock,
       which the board of directors believed could result in more Wall Street
       analyst coverage and possibly a better trading multiple;

     - a review of other strategic options available to Belco (including other
       potential transactions) and their relative advantages and disadvantages
       vis-a-vis the merger.
In particular, the board of directors believed that
       Westport's existing stockholder base, which includes two large
       stockholders, would make it more receptive to a transaction with Belco
       (given Belco's concentrated equity ownership) than other potential
       business combination partners;

     - information indicating that the proposed exchange ratio represented a
       premium of 11.6% and 14.2% over the trading price of Belco common stock
       over the 30-trading day period and the 60-day trading period,
       respectively, ending on the last trading date prior to execution of the
       merger agreement;

     - the opinion of its outside legal counsel that the merger could be
       accomplished on a tax-free basis;

     - presentations from, and discussions with, senior executives of Belco,
       representatives of its outside legal counsel and representatives of
       Petrie Parkman regarding the business, financial and legal due diligence
       with respect to Westport and the terms and conditions of the merger
       agreement;

     - the fact that two members of the Belco board of directors  --  Robert A.
       Belfer and Laurence D. Belfer -- would join the board of directors of the
       combined company and that Grant W. Henderson, Belco's President, would
       serve as Executive Vice President of the combined company; and

     - the analysis of Petrie Parkman and the Belco board of directors' receipt
       of an opinion from Petrie Parkman dated June 7, 2001, that, as of such
       date and subject to the matters reviewed with the board of directors and
       set forth in the opinion, the Belco exchange ratio was fair from a
       financial point of view to the holders of Belco common stock, taking into
       account the Westport exchange ratio.

     
The Belco board of directors also considered certain risks and potential
disadvantages associated with the merger including:

     - the risk that the merger might not be completed as a result of a failure
       to satisfy the conditions to the merger;

     - the risk that the operations of the two companies may not be successfully
       integrated; and

     - the risk that the anticipated positive synergies will not be fully
       realized.


This discussion of the factors that the Belco board of directors considered in
its evaluation is not intended to be exhaustive.
Because of the wide variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, the Belco
board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or
otherwise attempt to assign relative significance to the specific factors
considered in reaching its conclusions.
In addition, individual directors may
have given different significance to different factors.

     
THE BELCO BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT
AND RECOMMENDS THAT THE HOLDERS OF BELCO COMMON STOCK VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSALS
SET FORTH IN THIS DOCUMENT.

     
In considering the recommendation of the Belco board of directors with
respect to the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, Belco stockholders should be aware that certain officers and directors
of Belco have certain interests in the proposed merger that are different from
and in addition to the interests of Belco stockholders generally.
The Belco
board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them in approving
the merger and the merger agreement.
See "-- Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger.
"

  Westport

     The Westport board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by it are advisable and in the best
interest of Westport and its stockholders.
In reaching its decision to approve
the merger agreement, the Westport board of directors consulted with Westport's
legal and financial advisors, as well as with Westport's management.
The
Westport board of directors considered a number of material factors, including:

     - Increased Strength and Critical Mass.  New Westport will have more than
       twice Westport's reserves and 90% more production volumes, positioning it
       to compete aggressively for future growth opportunities.
The merger will
       create a new "top 20" independent, based on pro forma reserves of 1.2
       Tcfe at December 31, 2000.

     
- Addition of Long-Life, Stable Reserves.  
New Westport's pro forma proved
       reserves will have a reserve life index of approximately nine years,
       approximately 25% greater than that of Westport.
This increase results
       from the addition of mature and predictable fields onshore in the Rocky
       Mountains, Permian and Mid-Continent areas.

     
- Expansion of Exploration and Exploitation Opportunities.  
As a result of
       the merger, New Westport will be one of the most active explorers within
       the Rocky Mountain gas basins, the Williston Basin and the growing
       Georgetown/Glen Rose trends of the Texas Gulf Coast.
The merger will add
       substantial exploitation inventory in numerous areas including the Moxa
       Arch of Western Wyoming and the Cotton Valley trend in North Louisiana.

     - Complementary Fit within Core Areas.  
The complementary assets of
       Westport and Belco will permit New Westport to be organized into three
       strong and balanced business units located in Denver, Dallas and Houston.
       
Each business unit will be regionally and geographically focused and
       fully staffed.

     - Financial Flexibility with Moderate Leverage.  
New Westport will have a
       strong balance sheet which will position it to capitalize on its growth
       strategy.

     
- Creates Synergies and Cost Savings.  
Combining the complementary
       operations of the two companies will allow New Westport to take advantage
       of synergies and to realize significant cost savings.

     
The Westport board of directors also considered the following materials
factors:

     - information concerning the financial condition, results of operations,
       prospects and businesses of Belco and Westport, including the reserves of
       the companies, their production volumes, their cash flows from
       operations, the recent stock market performance of Belco common stock and
       Westport common stock, and the ratio of Belco's common stock price to
       Westport's common stock price over various periods;

     - the fact that the combined company would have a larger market
       capitalization and a more liquid trading market for its common stock,
       which the board of directors believed could result in more Wall Street
       analyst coverage and possibly a better trading multiple;

     - the opinion of its outside legal counsel that the merger could be
       accomplished on a tax-free basis;

     - presentations from, and discussions with, senior executives of Westport,
       representatives of its outside legal counsel and representatives of
       Credit Suisse First Boston regarding the business, financial and legal
       due diligence with respect to Belco and the terms and conditions of the
       merger agreement;

     - the analysis of Credit Suisse First Boston and the Westport board of
       directors' receipt of an opinion from Credit Suisse First Boston dated
       June 8, 2001, that, as of such date and subject to the various
       considerations set forth therein, the exchange ratio was fair to Westport
       from a financial point of view.

     
The merger also includes certain risks and disadvantages.
The material
potential risks and disadvantages to Westport's stockholders identified by the
Westport board of directors and management in considering the merger include the
following:

     - the time and resources required to complete the merger;

     - the difficulties inherent in combining and integrating the two companies
       and the potential distraction to management caused by a transaction of
       this magnitude; and

     - the risk that the benefits sought from the merger might not be fully
       achieved.

     
This discussion of the factors considered by the Westport board of
directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
Because of the wide variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, the Westport
board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or
otherwise attempt to assign relative significance to the specific factors
considered in reaching its conclusions.
In addition, individual directors may
have given different significance to different factors.

     
FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, THE WESTPORT BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS
DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY IT ARE ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF WESTPORT AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS.
ACCORDINGLY, THE MEMBERS OF THE WESTPORT BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAVE
UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RECOMMEND THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
AT THE SPECIAL MEETING TO APPROVE THE PROPOSALS DESCRIBED ABOVE.


OPINION OF BELCO'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Pursuant to an engagement letter dated as of May 8, 2001, on June 7, 2001
Petrie Parkman delivered to the Belco board of directors its oral opinion
(subsequently confirmed in writing) that, as of that date and based upon and
subject to the matters reviewed with the board of directors and set forth in the
opinion, the Belco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of Belco common stock, taking into account the Westport exchange ratio.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF PETRIE PARKMAN'S OPINION DATED
JUNE 7, 2001, WHICH
CONTAINS A DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, THE
MATTERS CONSIDERED AND THE LIMITS OF THE SCOPE OF REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY PETRIE
PARKMAN IN RENDERING ITS OPINION, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX G TO THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE.
THE SUMMARY OF THE PETRIE PARKMAN OPINION SET
FORTH BELOW IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE
OPINION.
BELCO SHAREHOLDERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THE PETRIE
PARKMAN OPINION CAREFULLY IN ITS ENTIRETY.

     
PETRIE PARKMAN'S OPINION WAS PROVIDED TO THE BELCO BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR
ITS USE AND BENEFIT AND ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF
VIEW OF THE BELCO EXCHANGE RATIO, TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE WESTPORT EXCHANGE
RATIO, TO THE HOLDERS OF BELCO COMMON STOCK.
PETRIE PARKMAN'S OPINION DOES NOT
ADDRESS THE MERITS OF THE UNDERLYING DECISION BY BELCO TO ENGAGE IN THE MERGER
AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY SHAREHOLDER AS TO HOW THAT
SHAREHOLDER SHOULD VOTE AT THE SPECIAL

MEETING.
PETRIE PARKMAN'S OPINION DATED
JUNE 7, 2001 AND ITS PRESENTATION TO THE
BELCO BOARD ON MAY 31, 2001 WERE AMONG MANY FACTORS TAKEN
INTO CONSIDERATION BY
THE BELCO BOARD IN MAKING ITS DETERMINATION TO APPROVE AND RECOMMEND THE MERGER
AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Petrie Parkman, among other things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       relating to Belco, including (1) the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and
       related audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended December
       31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, and (2) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
       and related unaudited financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended
       March 31, 2001;

     - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       relating to Westport, including (1) the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and
       related audited financial statements for the fiscal year ending December
       31, 2000, and (2) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and related unaudited
       financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2001;

     - reviewed certain estimates of Belco's oil and gas reserves, including (1)
       estimates of proved reserves prepared by the management and staff of
       Belco and audited by Miller & Lents, Ltd. as of December 31, 2000 and (2)
       estimates of probable and possible reserves prepared by the management
       and staff of Belco as of December 31, 2000;

     - reviewed certain estimates of Westport's oil and gas reserves, including
       (1) estimates of proved, probable and possible reserves prepared by Ryder
       Scott Company as of December 31, 2000, (2) estimates of proved, probable
       and possible reserves prepared by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc.
       as of January 1, 2001 and (3) estimates of proved, probable, possible and
       exploratory reserves prepared by the management and staff of Westport as
       of December 31, 2000;

     - analyzed certain historical and projected financial and operating data of
       Belco and Westport prepared by the management and staff of Belco and
       Westport, respectively;

     - discussed the current and projected operations and prospects of Belco and
       Westport with the management and staff of Belco and Westport,
       respectively;

     - reviewed the trading history of the Belco common stock and the Westport
       common stock;

     - compared recent stock market capitalization indicators for Belco and
       Westport with recent stock market capitalization indicators for certain
       other publicly-traded independent energy companies;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms of
       certain other transactions that Petrie Parkman deemed to be relevant;

     - participated in certain discussions among the representatives of Belco,
       Westport and their financial and legal advisors;

     - reviewed drafts dated June 5, 2001 of the merger agreement and the Belco
       voting agreement; and

     - reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and performed such
       other investigations and took into account such other matters as Petrie
       Parkman deemed necessary or appropriate.

     
In preparing its opinion, Petrie Parkman assumed and relied upon, without
assuming any responsibility for, or independently verifying, the accuracy and
completeness of any information supplied or otherwise made available to Petrie
Parkman by Belco and Westport.
Petrie Parkman further relied upon the assurances
of the management of Belco and Westport that they were unaware of any facts that
would make the information provided to Petrie Parkman incomplete or misleading
in any material respect.
With respect to projected financial and operating data,
Petrie Parkman assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management and staff of Belco and Westport, respectively, relating to the future
financial and operational performance of each company.
With respect to the
estimates of oil and gas reserves, Petrie Parkman assumed that they

had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best available estimates
and judgments of the management and staff of Belco and Westport or their
respective engineering consultants relating to the oil and gas properties of
Belco and Westport, respectively.
Petrie Parkman did not make an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Belco or Westport nor,
except for the estimates of oil and gas reserves referred to above, was Petrie
Parkman furnished with such an evaluation or appraisal.
In addition, Petrie
Parkman did not assume any obligation to conduct, and did not conduct, any
physical inspection of the properties or facilities of Belco or Westport.

Consistent with the merger agreement, Petrie Parkman assumed that the merger
will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
meaning of the Code and will be accounted for as a purchase under generally
accepted accounting practices.
Petrie Parkman has also assumed that the final
form of the merger agreement and the Belco voting agreement would be
substantially similar to the drafts reviewed by Petrie Parkman and that the
Westport voting agreements would be substantially similar to the Belco voting
agreement.

     
Petrie Parkman was not asked to consider, and its opinion did not address,
the after-tax consequences of the merger to any particular stockholder of Belco
or the price at which the Belco common stock will actually trade following the
announcement of the merger or at which the New Westport common stock will trade
following the consummation of the merger.
Petrie Parkman's opinion was rendered
on the basis of conditions in the securities markets and the oil and gas markets
prevailing as of the date of its opinion and the condition and prospects,
financial and otherwise, of Belco and Westport as they had been represented to
Petrie Parkman as of the date of its opinion or as they were reflected in the
materials and discussions described above.

     
The following is a summary of the financial analyses performed by Petrie
Parkman and presented to the Belco board of directors on May 31, 2001 in
connection with the preparation of its opinion dated June 7, 2001.

     
This summary includes information presented in tabular format.
In order to
fully understand the financial analyses performed by Petrie Parkman, the tables
must be read together with the text accompanying each summary.
The tables alone
do not constitute a complete description of these financial analyses.

Considering the data set forth in the tables without considering the full
narrative description of these analyses, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying these analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of these financial analyses performed by Petrie Parkman.

     
Historical Stock Trading Ratio Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman compared the Belco
exchange ratio of 0.4125 shares of common stock of New Westport per share of
currently outstanding Belco common stock with the historical ratios of the
closing prices of Belco common stock divided by corresponding closing prices of
Westport common stock for specified periods between October 19, 2000, the first
full day of trading of Westport's common stock following its initial public
offering, to May 30, 2001 and calculated the following results:

PERIOD                                                    TRADING RATIO
- ------                                                    -------------

Last Price (5/30/01)...................................      
0.3368
10 days................................................      0.3244
30 days................................................      0.3450
60 days................................................      0.3858
90 days................................................      
0.4358
10/19/00 - 5/30/01.....................................      
0.4728
High Price (10/19/00 - 5/30/01)........................      0.6002
Low Price (10/19/00 - 5/30/01).........................      0.3080

     Implied Premium Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman calculated the premiums implied
by the $11.82 per share of Belco common stock determined by the 0.4125 Belco
exchange ratio and Westport's common stock price as of May 30, 2001 for
specified periods between October 19, 2000, the first full day of trading of
Westport's common stock following its initial public offering, to May 30, 2001
and calculated the following results:

                                                    BELCO
                                                   AVERAGE   $11.82 OFFER
PERIOD                                              PRICE      PREMIUM
- ------                                             -------   
------------

Last Price (5/30/01).............................  
$ 9.92        19.1%
10 days..........................................  $ 9.59        23.3%
30 days..........................................  $ 9.14        29.3%
60 days..........................................  $ 9.14        29.2%
90 days..........................................  $ 9.77        21.0%
10/19/00 - 5/30/01...............................  $ 9.69        22.0%
High Price (10/19/00 - 5/30/01)..................  $12.44        (5.0)%
Low Price (10/19/00 - 5/30/01)...................  
$ 8.50        39.0%

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman conducted a discounted cash
flow analysis for the purpose of determining the equity reference value ranges
per share of Belco and Westport common stock.
Petrie Parkman calculated the net
present value of estimates of future after-tax cash flows of Belco's and
Westport's oil and natural gas reserve assets based on the proved, probable and
possible reserve estimates referred to above and for non-reserve assets
utilizing information provided by Belco and Westport.

     
Petrie Parkman evaluated five scenarios in which the principal variables
were oil and natural gas prices.
The five pricing scenarios, Pricing Case I,
Pricing Case II, Pricing Case III, the Strip Pricing Case Escalated, and the
Strip Pricing Case Flat were based on benchmarks for spot sales of West Texas
Intermediate crude oil and for spot sales of Henry Hub gas.
The Strip Pricing
Cases were based upon the average of oil and natural gas futures contract prices
quoted on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Petrie Parkman applied appropriate
quality and transportation adjustments to these benchmarks.
Benchmark prices for
Pricing Cases I, II and III were projected to be $18.00, $20.00 and $22.00 per
barrel of oil and $3.50, $4.00 and $4.50 per Mmbtu for gas, respectively, as of
May 30, 2001 and were escalated annually starting in 2002 at the rate of 3%.
The
Strip Pricing Case Escalated and Strip Pricing Case Flat for the fiscal year
ended 2001 reflected actual prices from April 1, 2001 through May 30, 2001
blended with the current strip prices through the end of the year.
The Strip
Pricing Case Escalated was escalated annually following the year 2005 for oil at
the rate of 3% and following 2004 for gas at a rate of 3%.
Adjustments were made
to the benchmarks based on the historical relationship between the benchmarks
and Belco's and Westport's realized prices.

     
Applying various after-tax discount rates, ranging from 10.0% to 50.0%
depending on reserve category, to the after-tax cash flows, assuming carry-over
existing tax positions, adjusting for long-term debt and net working capital for
Belco and Westport and, in the case of Belco its preferred stock, Petrie Parkman
calculated equity reference value ranges per fully diluted share of each of
Belco and Westport for each pricing case, which were then used to derive the
implied exchange ratio ranges shown in the table below to be compared to the
Belco exchange ratio of 0.4125:

                                                                                      STRIP PRICING     STRIP PRICING
                              PRICING CASE I    PRICING CASE II   PRICING CASE III     (ESCALATED)         (FLAT)
                              ---------------   ---------------   ----------------   ---------------   ---------------

Implied Exchange Ratio......  0.2241 - 0.2949   0.3660 - 0.4281   0.4782 - 0.5349    0.3348 - 0.3922   0.2715 - 0.3216

     Property Transactions Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman reviewed selected publicly
available information for 162 oil and natural gas property transactions and
proprietary information for nine oil and natural gas property acquisition
transactions announced between January 1997 and May 2001 in the Rocky Mountain,
Gulf of Mexico, Permian Basin, Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions of the
United States.
For purposes of this analysis, an equivalency ratio of one barrel
of oil to six thousand cubic feet of gas ("Mcfe") was

used to compare quantities of oil with quantities of gas.
Based on a review of
the purchase price multiples of proved reserves for the acquired assets in each
transaction, Petrie Parkman determined benchmark ranges of purchase prices to
Belco's and Westport's corresponding proved reserve figures in order to yield
enterprise reference value ranges for Belco's and Westport's proved reserves.

The number of transactions per region and the maximum, mean, median and minimum
purchase prices for these transactions are set forth in the following table.

                                         
ROCKY     GULF OF   PERMIAN     MID-
                                       MOUNTAINS   MEXICO     BASIN    CONTINENT   GULF COAST
                                       ---------   -------   -------   ---------   
----------

Number of Transactions..............        
42         27        19         36          47
Purchase Price of Reserves/Proved
  Reserves ($/Mcfe)
  Maximum...........................     $1.39      $2.22     $1.69      $1.42       $1.63
  Mean..............................     $0.75      $1.15     $0.85      $0.79       $0.90
  Median............................     $0.74      $1.03     $0.70      $0.78       $0.82
  Minimum...........................     $0.30      $0.71     $0.52      $0.21       $0.20

     Based upon this analysis, Petrie Parkman calculated equity reference value
ranges per fully diluted share for both of Belco and Westport which it used to
derive the implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.4002 to 0.4863 as
compared to the Belco exchange ratio of 0.4125.

     Company Transaction Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman reviewed selected publicly
available information on the following 16 company acquisition transactions and
offers for control involving companies in the oil and natural gas exploration
and production industry that were announced between April 2000 and May 2001:

ACQUIRER OR BIDDER FOR CONTROL                     TARGET                  DATE OF ANNOUNCEMENT
- ------------------------------                     ------                  --------------------

Kerr-McGee Corp.                     HS Resources Inc.                     May 14, 2001
The Williams Companies, Inc.         Barrett Resources Corporation         May 7, 2001
Talisman Energy Inc.                 Petromet Resources Ltd.               April 10, 2001
Pure Resources, Inc.                 Hallwood Energy Corporation           March 30, 2001
Vintage Petroleum, Inc.              Genesis Exploration Ltd.              March 28, 2001
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation       Berkley Petroleum Corporation         February 12, 2001
Calpine Corporation                  Encal Energy Ltd.                     February 8, 2001
Bellwether Exploration Company       Bargo Energy Company                  January 25, 2001
AEC Oil and Gas (USA) Inc.           Ballard Petroleum, LLC                January 18, 2001
USX-Marathon Group                   Pennaco Energy, Inc.                  December 22, 2000
Stone Energy Corporation             Basin Exploration Inc.                October 30, 2000
Forest Oil Corporation               Forcenergy Inc.                       July 10, 2000
Devon Energy Corporation             Santa Fe Snyder Corporation           May 26, 2000
Hunt Oil Company                     Newport Petroleum Corporation         May 15, 2000
Anderson Exploration Ltd.            Ulster Petroleum Ltd.                 April 17, 2000
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation       Union Pacific Resources Group Inc.    April 3, 2000

     Using publicly available information, Petrie Parkman calculated purchase
price of equity multiples of latest twelve months, or LTM, current year's and
next year's estimated discretionary cash flow.
Petrie Parkman also calculated
total investment, which Petrie Parkman defined for the purposes of this analysis
as purchase price of equity plus net obligations assumed, multiples of LTM,
current year's and next year's estimated EBITDAX, for the target company in each
transaction.
Petrie Parkman also calculated the implied purchase price of
reserves, which Petrie Parkman defined for the purposes of this analysis as
total investment less undeveloped acreage value and other assets at book value,
multiples of proved reserves and multiples of standardized measure of future net
cash flows, or SEC value, for the target company in each transaction.
The
maximum, mean, median and minimum implied multiples in these transactions are
set

forth below.
The table below also includes benchmark multiple ranges selected by
Petrie Parkman based on a review of the implied multiples in the recent
transactions.

                                              
IMPLIED MULTIPLES IN RECENT TRANSACTIONS
                                             -------------------------------------------    BENCHMARK
                                              MAXIMUM      MEAN      MEDIAN     MINIMUM       RANGES
                                             ---------   --------   --------   ---------   
------------

Purchase Price/LTM Discretionary Cash
  Flow.....................................     33.7x       7.8x       5.4x        3.3x      5.0 - 6.0x
Purchase Price/Current Year's Estimated
  Discretionary Cash Flow..................     15.7x       5.4x       4.5x        2.8x      4.0 - 5.0x
Purchase Price/
Next Year's Estimated
  Discretionary Cash Flow..................      
7.7x       4.6x       4.2x        3.2x      3.5 - 4.5x
Total Investment/LTM EBITDAX...............     38.2x       9.2x       7.0x        5.0x      5.5 - 6.5x
Total Investment/Current Year's Estimated
  EBITDAX..................................     17.6x       6.6x       5.3x        3.4x      5.0 - 6.0x
Total Investment/
Next Year's Estimated
  EBITDAX..................................      5.9x       4.8x       5.2x        3.0x      4.5 - 5.5x
Implied Purchase Price of Reserves/Proved
  Reserves ($/Mcfe)........................     
$2.43      $1.47      $1.35       $1.11    $1.30 - 1.50
Implied Purchase Price of Reserves/SEC
  Value....................................      
9.3x       1.9x       1.2x        0.4x      0.4 - 0.6x

     Petrie Parkman applied the benchmark multiples to Belco's and Westport's
LTM, current year's and next year's estimated discretionary cash flow and
EBITDAX, proved reserves, and SEC Value to determine enterprise reference value
ranges.

     
Petrie Parkman also performed a premium analysis for the same universe of
company acquisition transactions and offers for control, which compared the
offer price per target company share with the target company's share price
measured one day, 30 days and 60 days prior to the public announcement of the
offer.
The maximum, mean, median and minimum premiums (which Petrie Parkman
defined for the purposes of this analysis as excess of offer price over target
company's stock price stated as a percentage above the target company's stock
price), together with benchmark premium ranges selected by Petrie Parkman based
on a review of the implied premiums, for these periods were as follows:

                                     IMPLIED PREMIUMS IN RECENT TRANSACTIONS
                                    ------------------------------------------     BENCHMARK
                                     MAXIMUM     MEAN      MEDIAN     MINIMUM       RANGES
                                    ---------   -------   
--------   ---------   
-------------

One Day Prior.....................    66.9%      17.8%      20.8%     (26.7)%    15.0% - 25.0%
30 Days Prior.....................    76.0%      36.1%      33.8%        0.0%    20.0% - 30.0%
60 Days Prior.....................    61.9%      41.2%      42.7%        8.3%    25.0% - 35.0%

     Petrie Parkman applied the range of benchmark premiums to the corresponding
stock prices of Belco and Westport for the periods of one day, 30 days and 60
days prior to May 30, 2001.

     
After selecting a composite enterprise reference value range for both Belco
and Westport and then adjusting for the long-term debt and net working capital
of Belco and Westport and, in the case of Belco, its preferred stock, Petrie
Parkman calculated equity reference value ranges per fully diluted share for
each of Belco and Westport to derive an implied exchange ratio reference range
of 0.3287 to 0.3430 as compared to the Belco exchange ratio of 0.4125.

     
Capital Market Comparison.  
Using publicly available information, Petrie
Parkman calculated market value multiples of LTM, estimated 2001 and estimated
2002 discretionary cash flow for seven publicly traded companies for Belco and
seven different publicly traded companies for Westport.
Petrie Parkman also
calculated enterprise value multiples of LTM operating cash flow, LTM, 2001
estimated and 2002 estimated EBITDAX, proved reserves, and SEC Value for those
companies.
In each case, estimated discretionary cash flow was based on First
Call consensus projections and estimated EBITDAX was based upon research analyst
projections.
Petrie Parkman defined market value for purposes of this analysis
as the market value of common equity as of May 25, 2001.
Petrie Parkman obtained
the enterprise value of each company by adding the sum of its long-term and
short-term debt to the sum of the market value of its

common equity, the market value of its preferred stock (or, if not publicly
traded, liquidation or book value) and the book value of its minority interest
in other companies and subtracting net working capital.

     
Petrie Parkman determined that the following companies were relevant to an
evaluation of Belco based on Petrie Parkman's view of the comparability of the
operating and financial characteristics of these companies to those of Belco:

     - Denbury Resources, Inc.

     - Magnum Hunter Resources, Inc.

     - Nuevo Energy Company

     - Pioneer Natural Resources Company

     - Plains Resources Inc.

     - Prize Energy Corp.

     - Range Resources Corporation

     The maximum, mean, median and minimum multiples for the seven companies are
set forth below.
The table also includes benchmark multiple ranges selected by
Petrie Parkman based on a review of the comparable company multiples.

                                                COMPARABLE COMPANY MULTIPLES
                                             -----------------------------------    BENCHMARK
MEASURE                                      MAXIMUM    MEAN    MEDIAN   MINIMUM      RANGES
- -------                                      -------   ------   
------   -------   ------------

Market Value/LTM Discretionary Cash Flow...    
6.0x      3.7x     3.3x     2.7x      3.0 - 4.0x
Market Value/2001 Estimated Discretionary
  Cash Flow................................    
4.4x      3.2x     3.1x     2.2x      3.0 - 4.0x

Market Value/2002 Estimated Discretionary
  Cash Flow................................    
4.9x      3.4x     3.3x     
2.4x      2.5 - 3.5x
Enterprise Value/LTM Operating Cash Flow...    5.9x      4.9x     4.9x     3.7x      4.5 - 5.5x
Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDAX...............    
7.4x      5.5x     5.3x     3.9x      5.0 - 6.0x
Enterprise Value/2001 Estimated EBITDAX....    7.0x      4.9x     4.2x     3.4x      4.0 - 5.0x
Enterprise Value/2002 Estimated EBITDAX....    7.5x      5.0x     4.8x     2.9x      3.0 - 4.0x
Enterprise Value/Proved Reserves
  ($/Mcfe).................................   $1.59     $1.08    $1.07    $0.51    $0.75 - 0.95
Enterprise Value/SEC Value.................    1.5x      0.8x     0.7x     0.5x      0.5 - 0.7x

     Petrie Parkman determined that the following companies were relevant to an
evaluation of Westport based upon Petrie Parkman's view of the comparability of
the operating and financial characteristics of these companies to those of
Westport

     - Chieftain International, Inc.

     - Forest Oil Corporation

     - Key Production, Inc.

     - Meridian Resources Corp.

     - Newfield Exploration Company

     - Remington Oil and Gas Corp.

     - St. Mary Land & Exploration Company

     The maximum, mean, median and minimum multiples for the seven companies are
set forth below.
The table also includes benchmark multiple ranges selected by
Petrie Parkman based on a review of the comparable company multiples.

                                                COMPARABLE COMPANY MULTIPLES
                                             -----------------------------------    BENCHMARK
MEASURE                                      MAXIMUM    MEAN    MEDIAN   MINIMUM      RANGES
- -------                                      -------   ------   
------   -------   ------------

Market Value/LTM Discretionary Cash Flow...    5.7x      4.2x     4.2x     2.6x      4.0 - 5.0x
Market Value/2001 Estimated Discretionary
  Cash Flow................................    4.6x      3.6x     3.2x     2.8x      3.5 - 4.5x
Market Value/2002 Estimated Discretionary
  Cash Flow................................    5.1x      3.8x     3.9x     3.0x      3.5 - 4.5x
Enterprise Value/LTM Operating Cash Flow...    5.9x      4.3x     4.1x     3.5x      4.0 - 5.0x
Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDAX...............    
6.3x      4.7x     4.5x     3.7x      4.0 - 5.0x
Enterprise Value/2001 Estimated EBITDAX....    
4.6x      3.7x     3.6x     2.8x      3.5 - 4.5x
Enterprise Value/2002 Estimated EBITDAX....    4.2x      3.3x     3.2x     2.7x      3.0 - 4.0x
Enterprise Value/Proved Reserves
  ($/Mcfe).................................   $2.79     $2.19    $2.17    $1.62    $2.00 - 2.25
Enterprise Value/SEC Value.................    
1.6x      0.9x     0.7x     0.7x      0.7 - 0.9x

     From the enterprise reference value ranges implied by applying the
benchmark multiples to Belco's and Westport's LTM, 2001 estimated and 2002
estimated discretionary cash flow, LTM, 2001 estimated and 2002 estimated
EBITDAX, proved reserves and SEC Value, Petrie Parkman determined composite
enterprise reference value ranges for each company.
After adjusting for the
long-term debt and net working capital of Belco and Westport and, in the case of
Belco, its preferred stock, Petrie Parkman calculated equity reference value
ranges per fully diluted share for both Belco and Westport to derive an implied
exchange ratio reference range of 0.2094 to 0.2706, as compared to the Belco
exchange ratio of 0.4125.

     
Going Concern Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman projected the potential financial
performance of Belco and Westport, without giving effect to the proposed merger,
for the five year period beginning on January 1, 2001 using Pricing Cases I, II,
III and the Strip Pricing Escalated Case, each as referred to in the subsection
entitled "Discounted Cash Flow Analysis" above.
Petrie Parkman prepared these
projections using financial, operating and reserve projections prepared and
provided by Belco's and Westport's management and staff and certain assumptions
based upon discussions with the managements of Belco and Westport regarding
Belco's and Westport's potential future operating and financial performance,
respectively.

     
For each of Belco and Westport, Petrie Parkman analyzed two cases of
operating projections, a High Finding and Development, or F&D, Cost Case and a
Low F&D Cost Case, in which the principal variable was the finding and
development cost related to spending excess cash flow on additional exploration
opportunities.
In both cases with respect to Belco, excess cash flow was assumed
to be used to repay existing credit facilities and was then used for additional
exploration opportunities.
In the Belco High F&D Cost Case, available excess
cash was assumed to be invested at a finding and development cost of $1.50/Mcfe.

In the Belco Low F&D Cost Case, available excess cash was assumed to be invested
at a finding and development cost of $1.25/Mcfe.
In both cases with respect to
Westport, excess cash flow was used for additional exploration activities.
In
the Westport High F&D Cost Case, available excess cash was assumed to be
invested at a finding and development cost of $1.25/Mcfe.
In the Westport Low
F&D Cost Case, available excess cash was assumed to be invested at a finding and
development cost of $1.00/Mcfe.
Petrie Parkman calculated a range of terminal
equity value values by applying different terminal multiples to projected 2005
discretionary cash flow and applied after-tax discount rates of 15.0% to 17.5%
to the terminal equity values.

     
From the equity reference values implied by this analysis, Petrie Parkman
determined composite equity reference value ranges per fully diluted share of
Belco and Westport to derive implied exchange ratio reference ranges of 0.4531
to 0.4651 and 0.3621 to 0.3699 for the High F&D Cost Case and the Low F&D Cost
Case, respectively, as compared to the Belco exchange ratio of 0.4125.

     
Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  
Petrie Parkman analyzed the pro forma financial
effects of the merger as of May 30, 2001 and for the fiscal years ended 2001 and
2002 with estimated financial projections provided by Belco and Westport.
Belco
estimates were adjusted to provide for a conversion from full cost to successful
efforts accounting.
For purposes of its analysis, Petrie Parkman used the merger
exchange ratio and assumed the merger would be accounted for using purchase
accounting.
Petrie Parkman further assumed $3.5 million of pre-tax synergies in
2002.
This analysis used balance sheets for Belco and Westport as of March 31,
2001, and a Westport stock price of $28.65 as of May 30, 2001.
This analysis
indicated that the merger would be dilutive to Westport's 2001 and 2002
estimated earnings and 2001 estimated discretionary cash flow and accretive to
Westport's 2002 estimated discretionary cash flow.
This analysis also indicated
that the merger would result in a higher debt to 2001 estimated EBITDAX and
discretionary cash flow and a higher 2001 estimated EBITDAX to 2001 estimated
interest and preferred dividend than projected for Westport on a stand-alone
basis.

     
The description set forth above constitutes a summary of the analyses
employed and factors considered by Petrie Parkman in rendering its opinion to
the Belco board of directors.
Petrie Parkman believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the
process underlying its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex, analytical process involving various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of
those methods to the particular circumstances and is not necessarily susceptible
to partial analysis or summary description.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Petrie Parkman did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments
as to the significance and relevance of each analysis.
Any estimates resulting
from the analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than as set forth in this document.

     
In addition, analyses based on forecasts of future results are not
necessarily indicative of future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than suggested by these analyses.
Estimates of reference values
of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices
at which companies may actually be sold.
Because the estimates are inherently
subject to uncertainty and based upon numerous factors or events beyond the
control of the parties and Petrie Parkman, Petrie Parkman cannot assure that the
estimates will prove to be accurate.

     
No company used in the analyses of other publicly traded companies nor any
transaction used in the analyses of comparable transactions is identical to
Belco, Westport or the proposed merger.
Accordingly, these analyses must take
into account differences in the financial and operating characteristics of the
selected publicly traded companies and differences in the structure and timing
of the selected transactions and other factors that would affect the public
trading values and acquisition values of the companies considered.

     
Petrie Parkman, as part of its investment banking business, is continually
engaged in the evaluation of energy-related businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.
Belco selected Petrie Parkman as
its financial advisor because it is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm that has substantial experience in transactions similar to the
proposed merger.
Petrie Parkman has in the past provided investment banking
services to Belco and Westport and has received customary fees for such
services.
In the ordinary course of business, Petrie Parkman or its affiliates
may trade in the debt or equity securities of Belco and Westport for its account
or for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a
long or short position in such securities.

     
Under the engagement letter, Belco agreed to pay to Petrie Parkman a fee of
$1,000,000, of which $300,000 was payable upon delivery of the opinion and the
remainder of which will be payable upon consummation of the merger.
In addition,
Belco also agreed to reimburse Petrie Parkman for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses related to its rendering of a fairness opinion, including the
reasonable fees and expenses of its legal counsel.
Belco also agreed to
indemnify Petrie Parkman and its affiliates, the

respective directors, officers, partners, agents and employees of Petrie Parkman
and its affiliates, and controlling persons for certain losses, claims, damages,
liabilities and expenses related to or arising out of its engagement in this
respect.


OPINION OF WESTPORT'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Credit Suisse First Boston has provided a fairness opinion to Westport in
connection with the merger.
Westport selected Credit Suisse First Boston based
on Credit Suisse First Boston's experience, expertise, reputation and
familiarity with Westport's business.
Credit Suisse First Boston is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in
the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

     
In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, Westport
requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to Westport of the exchange ratio provided for in the
merger.
On June 8, 2001, at a meeting of the Westport board of directors held to
consider the merger, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Westport board
of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated June 8, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and
based on and subject to the matters described in its written opinion, the
exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Westport.

     
The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston's written opinion dated June 8,
2001 to the Westport board of directors, which sets forth the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex F and is incorporated into this document by
reference.
Westport stockholders are urged to read this opinion carefully in its
entirety.
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion is addressed to the Westport
board of directors and only relates to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view to Westport.
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion does
not address any other aspect of the proposed merger or any related transaction,
and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any matters
relating to the merger.
The summary of Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion in
this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
opinion.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger
agreement and related documents, as well as publicly available business and
financial information relating to Westport and Belco.
Credit Suisse First Boston
also reviewed other information relating to Westport and Belco, including
financial forecasts, which Westport and Belco provided to and discussed with
Credit Suisse First Boston, and met with Westport's and Belco's managements to
discuss the businesses and prospects of Westport and Belco.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston also considered financial and stock market data
of Westport and Belco, and compared those data with similar data for other
publicly held companies in businesses similar to Westport and Belco and
considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of other
business combinations and transactions recently announced or completed.
Credit
Suisse First Boston also considered other information, financial studies,
analyses and investigations, and financial, economic and market criteria that it
deemed relevant.

     
In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume
any responsibility for independent verification of any of the information that
was provided to or otherwise reviewed by it and relied on that information being
complete and accurate in all material respects.
With respect to financial
forecasts, Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and assumed, that the
forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of Westport's and Belco's managements as to
the future financial performance of Westport and Belco and as to the cost
savings and other potential synergies, including the amount, timing and
achievability thereof, anticipated to result from the merger.
Credit Suisse
First Boston also assumed, with Westport's consent, that the merger will be
treated as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Credit Suisse First Boston

assumed, with Westport's consent, that in the course of obtaining the necessary
regulatory and third party approvals and consents for the merger, no
modification, delay, limitation, restriction or condition will be imposed that
will have a material adverse effect on the contemplated benefits to Westport of
the merger.
Westport also advised Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit Suisse
First Boston assumed, that the merger will be consummated in accordance with the
terms of the merger agreement without waiver, amendment or modification of any
material term, condition or agreement set forth therein.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to and did not make an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, of Westport or Belco, and was not furnished with any evaluations or
appraisals.
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion is necessarily based upon
financial, economic, market and other conditions as they existed and could be
evaluated as of the date of such opinion.
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion
does not address the relative merits of the merger as compared to alternative
transactions or business strategies that may be available to Westport, nor does
it address Westport's underlying business decision to engage in the merger.

Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to the actual value of
Belco common stock when issued pursuant to the merger or the prices at which
such common stock will trade at any time.
Credit Suisse First Boston was engaged
solely by Westport to render its opinion to the Westport board of directors with
respect to the fairness to Westport from a financial point of view of the
exchange ratio, and Credit Suisse First Boston did not participate in the
negotiation of the merger agreement or the determination of the exchange ratio,
and did not make any recommendations in respect of the exchange ratio.

     
Set forth below is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion dated June 8, 2001, delivered to the
Westport board of directors in connection with the merger.

     
The summary of Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses described below is not
a complete description of the analyses underlying Credit Suisse First Boston's
opinion.
In preparing its opinion to the Westport board of directors, Credit
Suisse First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses,
including those described below.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of
those methods to the particular circumstances; therefore, a fairness opinion is
not readily susceptible to summary description.
In arriving at its opinion,
Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the significance and
relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit
Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole,
and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.

     
In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry
performance, regulatory, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Westport
and Belco.
No company, transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First
Boston's analyses as a comparison is identical to Westport or Belco or the
proposed merger, therefore an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not
entirely mathematical.
In evaluating the companies and transactions listed
below, Credit Suisse First Boston made judgments and assumptions with regard to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Westport
or Belco, such as the impact of competition on Westport, Belco and the industry
generally, industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change in the
financial condition and prospects of Westport, Belco, the industry or the
financial markets in general and the analyses involve complex considerations and
judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors
that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, business segments or transactions analyzed.

     
The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses and the
ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the analyses.
In
addition,

analyses relating to the value of businesses or securities do not necessarily
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities actually may besold.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston's
analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and financial analyses were only one
of many factors considered by the Westport board of directors in its evaluation
of the proposed merger, and should not be viewed as determinative of the views
of the Westport board of directors or Westport's management with respect to the
merger or the exchange ratio.

     
Exchange Ratio Reference Range Analyses.  
Credit Suisse First Boston
derived implied exchange ratio reference ranges based on a discounted cash flow
analysis, selected comparable companies analysis, sum-of-the-parts analysis,
selected comparable corporate acquisitions analysis, net asset value analysis
and relative analyses for Westport and Belco, as more fully described below.

Credit Suisse First Boston then compared the exchange ratio in the merger of
0.4125 with the exchange ratio reference ranges implied by these analyses.

     
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that each
of Westport and Belco could produce over calendar years 2001 through 2006.

Credit Suisse First Boston performed its analysis based on three scenarios: a
base case, a cost-adjusted case and a price-adjusted case.
All cases for
Westport and Belco were based on adjustments to December 31, 2000 engineering
projections prepared by Westport and Belco with varied future rates of
production, and discussions with Westport's and Belco's managements.
The base
cases and cost-adjusted cases reflect implied forward prices based on the New
York Mercantile Exchange forward strip in the oil and natural gas futures market
as of June 6, 2001.
The cost-adjusted cases were based on adjustments to the
base cases provided to or discussed with Westport's and Belco's managements to
reflect increased finding and development costs for each company's reserves.
The
price-adjusted cases were based on adjustments to the base cases for Westport
and Belco provided to or discussed with Westport's and Belco's managements to
reflect Credit Suisse First Boston Equity Research's price deck as of June 6,
2001 for oil and natural gas for 2001 through 2002 and escalated 2% per year,
thereafter.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated ranges of estimated terminal values
by multiplying calendar year 2006 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation,
amortization and exploration expense, commonly referred to as EBITDAX, by
multiples ranging from 5.5 to 6.5 in the case of Westport and 4.5 to 5.5 in the
case of Belco.
The estimated after-tax free cash flows and terminal values of
Westport and Belco were then discounted to present value using discount rates of
10% to 12%.
This analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio reference range of
0.34 to 0.64 for the base case, 0.32 to 0.64 for the cost-adjusted case and 0.29
to 0.61 for the price-adjusted case.

     
Selected Comparable Companies Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston
compared financial, operating and stock market data of Westport and Belco to
corresponding data of publicly traded companies in the oil and gas exploration
and production industry.
Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial,
operating and stock market data of the following companies to Belco:

     - Chesapeake Energy Corporation

     - Mission Resources Corp. (formerly known as Bellwether Exploration
       Company)

     - Pure Resources, Inc.

     - Range Resources Corporation

     - St. Mary Land and Exploration Company

     Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial, operating and stock market
data of the following companies to Westport:

     - Forest Oil Corporation

     - Newfield Exploration Company

     - Pioneer Natural Resources Company

     - Pogo Producing Company

     - Stone Energy Corporation

     - XTO Energy Inc. (formerly known as Cross Timbers Oil Company)

     Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed enterprise values, calculated as equity
value, plus total debt, preferred stock and minority interest, less cash, as
multiples of EBITDAX for estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002.
Credit Suisse
First Boston also reviewed enterprise values as multiples of calendar year 2000
proved reserves and the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
relating to proved reserves, commonly referred to as after-tax SEC value.
Credit
Suisse First Boston then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the
selected companies of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002 EBITDAX, excluding
the effects of hedging, and calendar year 2000 proved reserves and after-tax SEC
value to the corresponding data of Westport and Belco.
All multiples were based
on closing stock prices for the relevant comparable companies on June 6, 2001.

Estimated financial data for the selected companies was based on publicly
available research analysts' estimates and estimated financial data for Westport
and Belco was based on the price-adjusted cases for Westport and Belco.
This
analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.26 to 0.63.

     
Sum-of-the-Parts Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston separately analyzed
each of Westport's and Belco's domestic exploration and production geographic
operating regions.
For purposes of this analysis, Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed the estimated present value, at discount rates of 10% and 12%, of the
stand-alone, unlevered free cash flows of these geographic regions and purchase
prices payable in selected merger and acquisition transactions in similar
geographic regions.
This analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio reference
range of 0.27 to 0.64.

     Selected Comparable Corporate Acquisitions Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First
Boston analyzed publicly available information on selected announced corporate
transactions with respect to the oil and gas exploration and production
industry.
The following transactions were analyzed as they relate to Belco:

     - Kerr-McGee Corporation/HS Resources, Inc. (May 2001)

     - The Williams Companies, Inc./Barrett Resources Corporation (May 2001)

     - Bellwether Exploration Company/Bargo Energy Company (January 2001)

     - Alberta Energy, Ltd./Ballard Petroleum, LLC (January 2001)

     - Newfield Exploration Company/Lariat Petroleum Inc. (December 2000)

     - Marathon Oil Company/Pennaco Energy, Inc. (December 2000)

     - Pogo Producing Company/North Central Oil Corporation (November 2000)

     - Chesapeake Energy Corporation/Gothic Energy Corporation (June 2000)

     - Alberta Energy, Ltd./McMurry Oil Company(May 2000)

     - Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp./Costilla Energy, Inc. (April 2000)

     - Prize Energy Corp./Vista Energy Resources, Inc. (October 1999)

     - Chesapeake Energy Corporation/Hugoton Energy Corporation (November 1997)

     - Belco Oil & Gas
Corp./Coda Energy, Inc. (November 1997)

     - Chesapeake Energy Corporation/DLB Oil & Gas, Inc. (October 1997)

     - Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company/MESA Inc. (April 1997)

     
The following transactions were analyzed as they relate to Westport:

     - Denbury Resources Inc./Matrix Oil & Gas, Inc. (June 2001)

     - The Williams Companies, Inc./Barrett Resources Corporation (May 2001)

     - Pure Resources, Inc./Hallwood Energy Corporation (March 2001)

     - Amerada Hess Corporation/LLOG Exploration Company (February 2001)

     - Pure Resources, Inc./International Paper Company (January 2001)

     - Alberta Energy, Ltd./Ballard Petroleum, LLC (January 2001)

     - Marathon Oil Company/Pennaco Energy, Inc. (December 2000)

     - Stone Energy Corporation/Basin Exploration, Inc. (October 2000)

     - The Meridian Resource Corporation/Shell Oil Co. (July 2000)

     - Forest Oil Corporation/Forcenergy Inc. (July 2000)

     - Devon Energy Corporation/Santa Fe Snyder Corporation (May 2000)

     - BP Amoco PLC/Vastar Resources, Inc. (March 2000)

     - Santa Fe Energy Resources, Inc./Snyder Oil Corporation (January 1999)

     - Kerr-McGee Corporation/Oryx Energy Company (October 1998)

     - Ocean Energy, Inc./United Meridian Corporation (December 1997)

     - Sonat Inc./Zilkha Energy Company (November 1997)

     - Belco Oil & Gas Corp./Coda Energy, Inc. (November 1997)

     - The Meridian Resource Corporation/Cairn Energy USA, Inc. (July 1997)

     - Burlington Resources
Inc./The Louisiana Land & Exploration Company(July
       1997)

     - Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp./American Exploration Company (June 1997)

     
For each transaction listed above, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated
ratios of the transaction value to the target company's reported proved reserves
and estimated EBITDAX.
Credit Suisse First Boston then applied the resulting
reference ranges to Westport's and Belco's 2000 reported proved reserves and
2001 estimated EBITDAX, excluding the effects of hedging, generated from
Westport's and Belco's price-adjusted cases.
This analysis indicated an implied
exchange ratio reference range of 0.31 to 0.70.

     
Net Asset Value Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the future
pre-tax cash flows that Westport and Belco could be expected to generate from
its proved, probable and possible reserves as of December 31, 2000.
The analysis
was generated using implied forward prices based on the New York Mercantile
Exchange forward strip in the oil and natural gas futures market.
For each
scenario, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the unlevered free cash flows
that Westport and Belco would be expected to generate from its proved, probable
and possible reserves during fiscal years 2001 through the economic useful lives
of the reserves based upon engineering projections prepared by the managements
of Westport and Belco.
The unlevered free cash flows were then discounted to
obtain a present value using discount rates of 10% and 12%.
Credit Suisse First
Boston added to those estimated values for proved, probable and possible
reserves assessments of the values of certain other assets and liabilities of
Westport and Belco, including, but not limited to, cash, the book value of debt
and preferred stock and the present value of Westport's and Belco's hedging
gains and losses.
These assessments of the values of certain other assets and
liabilities were made by Credit Suisse First Boston based on information and
assumptions provided by Westport's and Belco's managements.
The analysis
resulted in an implied exchange ratio of 0.40 to 0.53.

     
Relative Analyses.  
Credit Suisse First Boston also conducted the following
relative analyses and compared the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.4125 with
the exchange ratios implied by these analyses:

     Relative Contribution Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston performed an
exchange ratio analysis utilizing the base cases for Westport and Belco,
comparing the relative contributions of Westport and Belco to the combined
company's estimated and actual calendar year 2001 through estimated calendar
year 2005 EBITDAX and after-tax cash flow, estimated and actual calendar year
2001 and estimated calendar year 2002 oil and gas production and net income, and
calendar year 2000 proved reserves and after-tax SEC value.
This analysis
yielded an implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.34 to 0.97.

     
Historical Stock Trading Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston performed an
exchange ratio analysis comparing the closing prices for Westport common shares
and Belco common shares on June 6, 2001, and the average daily closing share
prices for the five trading days, twenty trading days and sixty trading days
preceding June 6, 2001, as well as for the trading period from Westport's IPO on
October 20, 2000 to June 6, 2001.
Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed the
premiums implied by the exchange ratio of 0.4125 in the merger to the relative
historical trading relationship of Westport common shares and Belco common
shares over those periods.
This comparison yielded an implied exchange ratio
reference range of 0.33 to 0.46.

     
Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the
potential pro forma effect of the merger based on the exchange ratio of 0.4125
on Westport's earnings per share and cash flow per share for estimated and
actual calendar year 2001 and estimated calendar year 2002 both before and after
giving effect to losses associated with Belco's hedging program.
For purposes of
this analysis, Credit Suisse First Boston utilized the base cases for Westport
and Belco and assumed that the merger would be accounted for as a purchase and
that Belco's operations would be accounted for using the successful efforts
method of accounting, as opposed to the full cost method that was historically
used by Belco.
Before the effect of losses associated with Belco's hedging
program, this analysis indicated that the proposed merger would be accretive in
estimated and actual calendar year 2001 and estimated calendar year 2002 to
Westport's earnings per share and cash flow per share.
After considering the
effect of losses associated with Belco's hedging program, this analysis
indicated that the proposed merger would be dilutive in estimated and actual
calendar year 2001 and estimated year 2002 to Westport's earnings per share and
dilutive in estimated and actual calendar year 2001 and accretive in estimated
calendar year 2002 to Westport's cash flow per share.
The actual results
achieved by the combined company may vary from projected results and the
variations may be material.

     
Miscellaneous.  
Westport has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston a
customary fee for rendering its fairness opinion upon completion of the merger.

Westport also has agreed to reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and expenses of legal counsel
and any other advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify
Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against liabilities, including
liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws, arising out of its
engagement.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have in the past provided
services to Westport for which services Credit Suisse First Boston and its
affiliates have received compensation.
In the ordinary course of business,
Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and
equity securities of both Westport and Belco for their own accounts and for the
accounts of customers, and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short
positions in those securities.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     New Westport intends to account for the merger as a purchase under
generally accepted accounting principles.
Even though Belco will be the
surviving corporation in the merger, because Westport stockholders will own a
majority of the outstanding common stock of New Westport, the merger will be
accounted for as a reverse acquisition in which Westport is the purchaser of
Belco.
On the date of the merger, New Westport will record the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed from Westport based upon their historical costs and the
assets and liabilities of Belco will be recorded at their estimated fair market

values.
For a presentation of the anticipated effects of the accounting
treatment on the consolidated financial position and results of operations of
New Westport after giving effect to the merger, see "Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Statements of New Westport."

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF NEW WESTPORT FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Immediately subsequent to the merger, the New Westport board of directors
will have 11 members and will be divided into three classes -- Class I, Class II
and Class III -- as set forth in the New Westport articles of incorporation.

Each class will be as nearly equal in number as possible, with directors in each
class having a three year term following a transition period in which the
initial Class I directors serve a one-year term expiring at the annual meeting
of stockholders in 2002, the initial Class II directors serve a two-year term
expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2003 and the initial Class III
directors serve a three-year term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders
in 2004.
Eleven individuals will be elected to the New Westport board of
directors.
The Westport nominees are Alex M. Cranberg, James M. Funk, Murry S.
Gerber, Peter R. Hearl, David L. Porges, Michael Russell, Randy Stein, William
F. Wallace and Donald D. Wolf, all of whom currently serve on the Westport board
of directors.
The Belco nominees are Robert A. Belfer and Laurence D. Belfer,
each of whom currently serves on the Belco board of directors.
For a discussion
of the classes and the directors to be voted on, see "Election of Directors.
"

     If at any time prior to the effective time of the merger any Westport
director nominee or Belco director nominee is unable to serve as a director of
New Westport at the effective time, the company that nominated such individual
will nominate another individual to serve in such individual's place.

     
After the merger, the management of New Westport will include the following
executive officers:

NAME                            POSITION WITH NEW WESTPORT           
CURRENT POSITION
- ----                            --------------------------           ----------------

Donald D. Wolf...............  Chairman of the Board and       Chairman of the Board and
                                 Chief Executive Officer         Chief Executive Officer of
                                                                 Westport
Barth E. Whitham.............  President and Chief Operating   President and Chief Operating
                                 Officer                         Officer of Westport
Grant W. Henderson...........  
Executive Vice President and    President and Chief Operating
                                 General Manager -- Southern     Officer of Belco
                                 Business Unit
Lon McCain...................  
Vice President and Chief        Vice President and Chief
                                 Financial Officer               Financial Officer of
                                                                 Westport
Kenneth D. Anderson..........  
Vice President -- Accounting    Vice President -- Accounting
                                                               of Westport
Lynn S. Belcher..............  Vice President and General      Vice President -- Business
                                 Manager -- Northern             Development of Westport
                                 Business Unit
Brian K. Bess................  
Vice President -- Engineering   Vice President -- Engineering
                                                               of Westport
Howard L. Boigon.............  Vice President, General         Vice President, General
                               Counsel and Secretary           Counsel and Secretary of
                                                                 Westport
Robert R. McBride............  Vice President and General      Vice President and General
                                 Manager -- Gulf of Mexico       Manager, Gulf Coast, of
                                 Business Unit                   Westport

GOVERNMENTAL AND REGULATORY APPROVALS

     Under the HSR Act, the merger may not be consummated unless certain filings
have been submitted to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division
of the U.S. Department of Justice and certain waiting period requirements have
been satisfied.
On  -- , 2001, Belco and Westport submitted the required filings
to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division.
The waiting period
under the HSR Act is currently scheduled to expire on  -- , 2001.
Under the HSR
Act procedures, the waiting period could also either be terminated prior to this
date or extended as a result of the issuance of a request for additional
information by the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division.

     
The Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division frequently
scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions like the
merger.
At any time before or after the completion of the merger, the Federal
Trade Commission or the Department of Justice could take any action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest,
including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or seeking the
divestiture of substantial assets of Belco or Westport.
Belco and Westport
believe that the completion of the merger will not violate the antitrust laws.

We cannot predict, however, whether the merger will be challenged on antitrust
grounds, or, if such a challenge is made, what the result will be.

     
Other than as we describe in this document, the merger does not require the
approval of any U.S. federal or state agency.
We may, however, be required to
make various filings with U.S. federal and state governmental authorities to
complete the merger.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the recommendation of the boards of directors with respect
to the merger, stockholders of Belco and Westport should be aware that certain
officers, directors and employees of Belco and Westport have the following
interests in the merger that are separate from and in addition to the interests
of stockholders of Belco and Westport generally.
The boards of directors were
aware of these interests and took them into account in approving the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

  
Composition of New Westport Board of Directors

     The merger agreement provides that immediately subsequent to the effective
time of the merger, the New Westport board of directors will consist of 11
members.
Each of the nine Westport nominees currently serves on the Westport
board of directors and each of the two Belco nominees currently serves on the
Belco board of directors.
For a discussion of the directors to be voted on, see
"Election of Directors.
"

  Retention and Severance Agreements of Belco

     In connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
Belco entered into a retention and severance benefit plan, or the Retention and
Severance Plan, pursuant to which employees of Belco will receive certain
benefits.
The Retention and Severance Plan generally provides that each Belco
employee will receive a lump sum retention payment equal to 30% of such
employee's aggregate wages earned during a retention period lasting from June 8,
2001 until the earlier of (1) 90 days after the effective date of the merger or
(2) the termination of the merger agreement.
The retention payment will be paid
by New Westport within 30 days of the end of the retention period.
The Retention
and Severance Plan also generally provides that severance benefits will be paid
to Belco employees whose employment is terminated for any reason other than
"cause" during the period from June 8, 2001 through the earlier of

(1) 18 months after the effective date of the merger or (2) the termination of
the merger agreement.
The severance compensation payable under the Retention and
Severance Plan is as follows:

TITLE                                                 AMOUNT OF PAYMENT(1)
- -----                                                 --------------------

Senior Vice President or higher..........   
Three months salary per year of service
                                            with a maximum payment of 18 months
                                              salary
Vice President...........................   
Two months salary per year of service
                                            with a maximum payment of 12 months
                                              salary
All other employees......................   
One months salary per year of service
                                            with a maximum payment of 6 months salary

- ---------------

(1) Minimum severance compensation for any eligible employee will be two months
    salary.

     
Severed employees eligible for severance benefits under the Retention and
Severance Plan may also be eligible for certain health insurance benefits.

Compensation payable under the Retention and Severance Plan will be subject to
applicable withholding taxes and will not be eligible for 401(k) matching
benefits.

  
Belco New York Offices

     New Westport has agreed to continue to pay rental expenses associated with
Belco's lease of office space in New York through December 31, 2001, after which
time the lease and obligations thereunder will be assumed by Robert A. Belfer.

Mr. Belfer will succeed Belco as the owner of all furniture, fixtures and
equipment located in Belco's New York office and will take possession of this
property on December 31, 2001.

  
Employee Loans

     Certain officers and employees of Belco have loans outstanding to Belco in
the aggregate amount of $1,031,291 (principal plus accrued interest through May
31, 2001).
The loans were used to purchase shares of Belco common stock in
conjunction with Belco's initial public offering in 1996 and matured on July 1,
2001.
Belco and Westport have agreed that these loans are to be repaid at 50% of
their current balance.
Payment will be due 30 days from the effective date of
the merger, and may be made in cash or by the voluntary cancellation of "in the
money" vested stock options held by the respective employee.
Any compensation
payable under Belco's Retention and Severance Benefit Plan may be used to offset
any amount owed on the respective employee's loan.

  
Stock Plans

     As a result of the merger, stock options issued under Belco's 1996
Non-employee Directors' Stock Option Plan and the 1996 Stock Incentive Plan will
become fully vested and exercisable at the effective time notwithstanding any
exercisability or vesting provisions.
In addition, the restrictions on
disposition and forfeiture provisions on all restricted shares of Belco common
stock issued under these plans will terminate at the effective time.
Certain
officers and directors of Belco hold stock options and restricted shares.

  
Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance

     The merger agreement provides that New Westport will, for six years after
the effective time of the merger, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each
person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the effective time of the
merger, an officer or director of Belco, Westport or any of their respective
subsidiaries or an employee of Belco, Westport or any of their respective
subsidiaries who acts as a fiduciary under any of Belco's benefit plans or
Westport's benefit plans (each as defined in the merger agreement) against all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, fees and expenses arising in whole or in
part out of actions or omissions in their capacity as such occurring at or prior
to the effective time of the merger to the full extent permitted under Nevada
law or New Westport's articles of incorporation and bylaws and Belco's and
Westport's written indemnification agreements in effect as of June 8, 2001.
Any
determination of whether

a person's conduct complies with the required standard will be made by
independent counsel mutually acceptable to New Westport and the indemnified
party.

     
New Westport will maintain Belco's and Westport's existing officers' and
directors' liability insurance policies for a period of not less than six years
after the effective time of the merger, but only to the extent related to
actions or omissions prior to the effective time; provided, that (1) New
Westport may substitute for such policies of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms no less advantageous to such former directors or
officers, (2) such substitution will not result in gaps or lapses of coverage
with respect to matters occurring prior to the effective time and (3) New
Westport will not be required, in order to maintain such policies, to pay an
annual premium in excess of 200% of the greater of (a) the aggregate last annual
premium paid by each of Belco and Westport with respect to their existing
policies and (b) the aggregate annual premium for each of Belco and Westport
with respect to their policies for the year in which the closing occurs; and
provided further, that, if equivalent coverage cannot be obtained, or can be
obtained only by paying an annual premium in excess of the cap calculated above,
then New Westport will maintain policies that provide the maximum coverage
available at an annual premium equal to such cap.

DISSENTERS' OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under both Nevada law, the jurisdiction of organization of Belco, and
Delaware law, the jurisdiction of organization of Westport, holders of Belco
common stock, Belco preferred stock or Westport common stock are not entitled to
appraisal rights in connection with the merger.


BELCO PREFERRED STOCK

     The outstanding shares of Belco's 6 1/2% convertible preferred stock will
not be affected by the merger and will remain outstanding and the existing
conversion ratio will be adjusted so that holders will be entitled to receive
0.465795 of a share of New Westport common stock upon conversion.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF WESTPORT COMMON STOCK

     If the merger is completed, the shares of Westport common stock will be
delisted from the NYSE and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.
The stockholders of Westport will become stockholders of New
Westport and their rights as stockholders will be governed by New Westport's
articles of incorporation and bylaws, and by the laws of the State of Nevada as
set forth in Annexes B and C, respectively.
See "Comparison of Stockholders'
Rights.
"

FEDERAL SECURITIES LAW CONSEQUENCES; RESALE RESTRICTIONS

     Except as noted below, all shares of New Westport common stock that
Westport and Belco common stockholders will receive in the merger will be freely
transferable.
Persons who are deemed to be "affiliates" of Westport or Belco
under the Securities Act of 1933 at the time of the Westport or Belco special
meeting, as applicable, may resell the shares of New Westport common stock they
receive in the merger only in transactions permitted by Rule 145 under the
Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933 in the case
of persons who become affiliates of New Westport or as otherwise permitted under
the Securities Act of 1933.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of
Westport, New Westport or Belco for the above purposes generally include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by or are under common
control with Westport, New Westport or Belco, and include directors and certain
executive officers of Westport, New Westport or Belco, as well as significant
stockholders.
The merger agreement requires that Westport use all reasonable
efforts to cause each of these affiliates to deliver to Belco no later than five
days prior to the effective time of the merger a written agreement to the effect
that these persons will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the
shares of New Westport common stock issued to them in the merger in violation of
the Securities Act of 1933 or the related SEC rules.

     
This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of the New
Westport common stock received in the merger, and no person is authorized to
make any use of this joint proxy statement/ prospectus in connection with any
such resales.

                         
TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement, a
copy of which is attached as Annex A to this document and is incorporated herein
by reference.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
merger agreement.
You should carefully read the merger agreement in its entirety
because it, and not this document, is the legal document that governs the
merger.


EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

     
The merger agreement provides that, as soon as practicable on the day of
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to effecting the merger, the
parties will cause the merger to be consummated upon the later of (1) filing
properly executed Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Nevada executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the NRS, (2)
filing a properly executed Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL, or (3) at such later time as the parties agree and set forth in such
certificates of merger.
We currently anticipate that we will complete the merger
shortly after the Belco special meeting and the Westport special meeting, if the
merger agreement is approved and adopted at the Belco special meeting and the
Westport special meeting and all other conditions to the merger have been
satisfied or waived.

     
At the effective time of the merger, Westport will merge with and into
Belco and the separate existence of Westport shall cease, and New Westport will
be the surviving corporation in the merger.


MANNER AND BASIS OF CONVERTING SHARES

     As of the effective time of the merger, without any action on the part of
the holders of Belco common stock, each share of Belco common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time shall be converted into the
right to receive 0.4125 of a share of New Westport common stock.
All such Belco
common stock, when so converted, will no longer be outstanding and will
automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist.
The holder of a
certificate that, immediately prior to the effective time, represented
outstanding shares of Belco common stock will cease to have any rights with
respect thereto, except the right to receive, upon the surrender of such
certificate, a certificate representing the requisite number of shares of New
Westport common stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Belco common
stock to which such holder is entitled, without interest.

     
As of the effective time of the merger, without any action on the part of
the holders of Westport common stock, each share of Westport common stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will be converted into
the right to receive one share of New Westport common stock.
All shares of
Westport common stock, when so converted, will no longer be outstanding and will
automatically be canceled and retired and will cease to exist.
The holder of a
certificate that, immediately prior to the effective time, represented
outstanding shares of Westport common stock will cease to have any rights with
respect thereto, except the right to receive, upon the surrender of such
certificate, a certificate representing the requisite number of shares of New
Westport common stock without interest.

     
The outstanding shares of Belco 6 1/2% convertible preferred stock will
remain outstanding and the existing conversion ratio will be adjusted so that
holders will be entitled to receive 0.465795 of a share of New Westport common
stock upon conversion.

     
No fractional shares of New Westport common stock will be issued in the
merger and fractional share interests will not entitle the holder of such
fractional interests to vote or to any rights of a Belco stockholder.
Belco or
Westport stockholders who would otherwise receive fractional shares will instead
be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the value of these fractional
share interests as determined by

multiplying the fraction of a share of New Westport common stock to which such
holder would have otherwise been entitled by the closing sales price of a share
of Belco common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the effective
time of the merger.

     
All shares of Belco common stock that (1) are owned by Belco as treasury
stock or (2) owned by Westport or its subsidiaries and all shares of Westport
common stock that (1) are owned by Westport as treasury stock or (2) owned by
Belco or its subsidiaries will be cancelled and retired and will cease to exist
and no stock of New Westport or other consideration will be delivered in
exchange.

     
All shares of New Westport common stock issued upon the surrender of
certificates in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement will be deemed
to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to those
certificates and the Belco and Westport common stock formerly represented
thereby.


EXCHANGE PROCEDURES

     Promptly after the completion of the merger, an exchange agent will send a
letter of transmittal to each holder of record of Belco and Westport stock
certificates along with instructions for effecting the surrender of Belco and
Westport stock certificates in exchange for certificates representing shares of
New Westport common stock (plus cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided
above).
Upon surrender of a Belco or Westport stock certificate for
cancellation, together with a duly executed and properly completed letter of
transmittal, the holder of the stock certificate will be entitled to receive
that number of whole shares of New Westport, and, if applicable, cash that such
holder has the right to receive pursuant to the merger agreement.
BELCO AND
WESTPORT STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND IN THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES UNTIL THEY
RECEIVE THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

     
If your Belco or Westport common stock certificate has been lost, stolen or
destroyed, you may make an affidavit of that fact and, if required by New
Westport, post a bond in such reasonable amount as New Westport may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Belco or Westport common stock certificate.
Upon receipt of the affidavit and
bond, if any, the exchange agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Belco or Westport common stock certificate the requisite number of
shares of New Westport common stock and, if applicable, cash and unpaid
dividends and other distributions on such shares of New Westport common stock.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of
Belco and Westport relating to, among other things, certain aspects of the
respective businesses and financial statements of the parties and certain other
matters.
The representations and warranties expire at the effective time of the
merger.


CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO THE MERGER

     Belco and Westport have agreed that, prior to the completion of the merger,
unless contemplated by the merger agreement or otherwise consented to in writing
by the other, each of Belco and Westport will and will cause its subsidiaries to
conduct its respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice and will use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organizations and relationships with third parties and to keep available the
services of its present officers and key employees, subject to the terms of the
merger agreement.

     
Belco has agreed that, until the effective time of the merger, subject to
certain exceptions and unless consented to in writing by Westport, it will not
do, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to do, any of the following:

     - adopt or propose any change to its articles of incorporation or bylaws;

     - declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution with respect
       to any shares of common stock of Belco or its subsidiaries (except for
       normal quarterly dividends on the Belco preferred stock and intercompany
       dividends from direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries);

     - split, combine or reclassify any of its common stock or issue or
       authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of
       or in substitution for shares of its common stock, or purchase or
       otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of its common stock
       except from former employees, directors and consultants in accordance
       with agreements providing for the repurchase of shares in connection with
       any termination of service to such party;

     - merge or consolidate with any other person or acquire assets of, or an
       equity interest in, any other person, or enter into a new line of
       business or commence business operations outside of its existing area of
       operations;

     - sell, lease, license or otherwise surrender, relinquish or dispose of any
       assets or properties (other than among Belco and its direct and indirect
       wholly-owned subsidiaries) with an aggregate fair market value exceeding
       $5.0 million (other than sales of hydrocarbons in the ordinary course of
       business);

     - settle or compromise any material audit, make or change any material tax
       election or file any materially amended tax return;

     - issue any securities or enter into any amendment of any term of any
       outstanding security of Belco or any of its subsidiaries;

     - enter into any settlement or consent with respect to any pending
       litigation other than settlements in the ordinary course of business;

     - incur, assume, guarantee or prepay any indebtedness for borrowed money,
       except in certain situations;

     - change any of its accounting policies (except those required by
       applicable law or GAAP);

     - take any action giving rise to certain claims under the WARN Act or any
       similar state law or regulation;

     - amend its engagement letters with Petrie Parkman & Co., except to the
       extent that any such amendment or change would result in terms more
       favorable to Belco;

     - become bound or obligated to participate in any operation, or consent to
       participate in any operation, with respect to any oil and natural gas
       interests that will individually cost in excess of $750,000, subject to
       limited exceptions;

     - enter into certain hedging transactions outside its ordinary course of
       business;

     - enter into any fixed price commodity sales agreements with a duration of
       more than three months;

     - take, or agree or commit to take, any action that would make any
       representation and warranty made in the merger agreement inaccurate in
       any material respect;

     - adopt, amend or assume an obligation to contribute to any employee
       benefit plan or severance plan or enter into, amend or modify any
       employment, severance or similar contract with any person;

     - engage in any transaction that could subject Belco or any of its
       subsidiaries to a civil penalty pursuant to the Employee Retirement
       Income Security Act of 1974, or ERISA, or a tax imposed pursuant to the
       Code;

     - terminate or take any action with respect to any Belco benefit plan that
       could result in the liability of Belco or any of its subsidiaries to any
       person;

     - take any action that could adversely affect the qualification of any of
       its benefit plans or its compliance with ERISA;

     - fail to make any required contribution to its benefit plans;

     - fail to file, on a timely basis, all reports and forms required by
       federal regulations with respect to any benefit plan;

     - increase the compensation, bonus or benefits payable to any employee or
       former employee;

     - enter into any commitment or agreement to license or purchase certain
       seismic data that will result in a transfer fee as a result of the
       consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or
       cost in excess of $150,000, other than pursuant to agreements or
       commitments existing on the date of the merger agreement;

     - accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability of options,
       restricted stock or other awards granted under any employee stock plan or
       make any election under any of its stock plans to pay cash in exchange
       for terminating awards under such plans;

     - modify or terminate any material contracts, other than modifications not
       adverse to Belco;

     - adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution or
       reorganization;

     - enter into any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding that
       materially limits or otherwise materially restricts Belco or any of its
       subsidiaries or any successor party, from engaging in or competing in any
       line of business or in any geographic area; and

     - agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.

     
Westport has agreed that, prior to the effective time of the merger,
subject to certain exceptions and unless consented to in writing by Belco, it
will not do, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to do, any of the
following:

     - adopt or propose any changes to its certificate of incorporation or
       bylaws;

     - declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution with respect
       to any shares of its common stock;

     - except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, reclassify, combine
       or split any of its common stock or issue or authorize the issuance of
       any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
       shares of its common stock;

     - adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution or
       reorganization;

     - change any of its accounting policies (except those required by
       applicable law or GAAP);

     - enter into any acquisition or divestiture or other transaction that would
       reasonably be expected to delay the consummation of the merger; and

     - agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.


NO SOLICITATION

     Belco has agreed that it and its subsidiaries will not, and will cause
their respective officers, directors and employees not to and use reasonable
best efforts to ensure that they and their respective subsidiaries' agents and
representatives will not (1) directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit or
knowingly encourage or facilitate any inquiries relating to or the making of any
Acquisition Proposal (as hereinafter defined), or (2) directly or indirectly,
continue, enter into or engage in any negotiations or discussions concerning any
Acquisition Proposal with or furnish any information relating to Belco or its
subsidiaries, or provide access

to the properties, books and records or any confidential information or data of
Belco or any of its subsidiaries to, any person relating to an Acquisition
Proposal.
However, Belco and its board of directors are permitted to (1) take
and disclose to its stockholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and
14e-2(a) promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, (2) provide access to properties, books and records and provide
information or data in response to a request by a person who has made an
unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal if the board of directors receives
from the person an executed confidentiality agreement, and (3) engage in any
negotiations or discussions with any person who has made an unsolicited bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal; if and only to the extent that in connection
with the foregoing clauses (2) and (3),

     - Belco's board of directors, after consultation with its independent legal
       counsel, determines in good faith that such action is legally advisable
       for the board of directors to comply with its fiduciary duties to its
       stockholders under applicable law;

     - such Acquisition Proposal is not subject to any financing contingencies
       or is, in the good faith judgment of Belco's board of directors, after
       consultation with its financial advisor, reasonably capable of being
       financed by such other person; and

     - Belco's board of directors determines in good faith after consultation
       with its independent legal counsel and financial advisor that the
       Acquisition Proposal is reasonably capable of being completed and, if
       consummated, may reasonably be expected to result in a transaction more
       favorable to its stockholders than the transaction contemplated by the
       merger agreement (a "Superior Proposal").

     
In addition, Belco shall keep Westport informed in all material respects of
the status and details of any such Acquisition Proposal.

     
The term "Acquisition Proposal" means any proposal or offer with respect
to:

     - any tender offer or exchange offer;

     - any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, sale of
       substantially all of the assets, reorganization, recapitalization,
       liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction involving Belco or
       certain of its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the
       aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated assets or earning
       power of Belco;

     - any acquisition or purchase of more than 15% of the consolidated assets
       of Belco; or

     - any acquisition or purchase that would result in any person beneficially
       owning more than 15% of any class or series of equity or voting
       securities of Belco or its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in
       the aggregate, constitute more than 15% of the consolidated assets or
       earning power of Belco.


CERTAIN ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

  Employee Benefit Matters

     New Westport shall take all reasonable actions necessary or appropriate to
permit the employees who as of the effective time of the merger were employed by
Belco and who continue to be employed by New Westport after the effective time,
also known as Retained Employees, to continue to participate from and after the
effective time in the employee benefit plans or arrangements in which such
Retained Employees were participating immediately prior to the effective time.

New Westport, however, may permit any such employee benefit plan or arrangement
to be terminated or discontinued on or after the effective time, provided that
New Westport will:

     - take all reasonable actions necessary or appropriate to permit the
Retained Employees participating in such employee benefit plan or arrangement to
immediately thereafter participate in employee benefit plans or arrangements
substantially comparable to those maintained with respect to other New Westport
employees other than the Retained Employees, also known as Replacement Plans;

     - with respect to a Replacement Plan that is a group health plan (1) credit
such Retained Employees, for the year during which participation in the
Replacement Plan begins, with any deductibles and copayments already incurred
during such year under the terminated or discontinued group health plan and (2)
waive any preexisting condition limitations applicable to the Retained Employees
(and their eligible dependents) under the Replacement Plan to the extent that a
Retained Employee's (or dependent's) condition would not have operated as a
preexisting condition under the terminated or discontinued group health plan;

     - cause each Replacement Plan that is an employee pension benefit plan (as
such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) intended to be qualified under
Section 401 of the Code to be amended to provide that the Retained Employees
shall receive credit for participation and vesting purposes under such plan for
their period of employment with Belco and its subsidiaries and their
predecessors to the extent such predecessor employment was recognized by Belco
and its subsidiaries; and

     - credit the Retained Employees under each other Replacement Plan that is
not described in the preceding clause for their period of employment with Belco,
its subsidiaries and their predecessors to the extent such predecessor
employment was recognized by Belco or its subsidiaries.

     
After the merger, New Westport will assume the obligations of Westport
under Westport's benefit plans.
The terms of each such benefit plan will
continue to apply in accordance with their terms.
At the effective time, each
outstanding award (including restricted stock, phantom stock, stock equivalents
and stock units) under any employee incentive or benefit plans, programs or
arrangements and non-employee director plans presently maintained by Westport
which provide for grants of equity-based awards will be amended or converted
into a similar instrument of New Westport, in each case with such adjustments to
the terms of such Westport awards as are appropriate to preserve the value
inherent in such Westport awards with no detrimental effects on the holders
thereof.
The other terms of each Westport award, and the plans or agreements
under which they were issued, will continue to apply in accordance with their
terms.
At the effective time, automatically and without any action by any
person, each outstanding employee or director stock option of Westport and each
outstanding employee or director stock option of Belco shall be assumed by New
Westport with adjustments to the number of shares available for purchase
pursuant to the option and the exercise price of the option as appropriate to
reflect the exchange ratio of Westport and Belco common stock respectively in
the merger.
In addition, each outstanding employee or director stock option of
Belco shall become fully vested and exercisable.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

  Conditions to the Obligation of Each Party

     Our respective obligations to effect the merger are subject to the
fulfillment at or prior to the effective time of the following conditions:

     - Belco stockholders and Westport stockholders approve the proposals
       presented at their respective special meetings;

     - no action, suit or proceeding instituted by any governmental authority is
       pending, and there is no statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
       decree, ruling or injunction of any court or governmental authority
       prohibiting the consummation of the merger or making the merger illegal;

     - the SEC declares the registration statement effective under the
       Securities Act, and no stop order or similar restraining order suspending
       the effectiveness of the registration statement is in effect and no
       proceeding for that purpose is pending before or threatened by the SEC;

     - the New Westport common shares to be issued in the merger are approved
       for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance;

     - any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
       Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, expires or terminates; and

     - we receive all requisite governmental approvals other than those that, if
       not received, would not have a material adverse effect on either of us.

  
Conditions to the Obligations of Westport

     The obligation of Westport to effect the merger is also subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the effective time of the following conditions,
unless waived in writing by Westport:

     - Belco shall have performed in all material respects its obligations under
       the merger agreement required to be performed by it at or prior to the
       effective time and the representations and warranties of Belco contained
       in the merger agreement, to the extent qualified with respect to
       materiality shall be true and correct in all respects, and to the extent
       not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in
       each case as of the date of the merger agreement and at and as of the
       effective time as if made at and as of such time unless otherwise
       expressly contemplated by the merger agreement;

     - Westport shall have received an opinion from Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer &
       Feld, L.L.P. prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement to
       the effect that:

      - the merger will constitute a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
        Code,

      - Belco and Westport will each be a party to that reorganization, and

      - no gain or loss will be recognized by the stockholders of Westport upon
        the receipt of New Westport common stock in exchange for shares of
        Westport common stock pursuant to the merger; and

     - the directors and officers of Belco immediately prior to the effective
       time shall have resigned.

  
Conditions to the Obligations of Belco

     The obligation of Belco to effect the merger is also subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the effective time of the following conditions,
unless waived in writing by Belco:

     - Westport shall have performed in all material respects its obligations
       under the merger agreement required to be performed by it at or prior to
       the effective time and the representations and warranties of Westport
       contained in the merger agreement, to the extent qualified with respect
       to materiality shall be true and correct in all respects, and to the
       extent not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
       respects, in each case as of the date of the merger agreement and at and
       as of the effective time as if made at such time unless otherwise
       expressly contemplated by the merger agreement; and

     - Belco shall have received an opinion from Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. prior to
       the effectiveness of the registration statement to the effect that:

      - the merger will constitute a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
        Code,

      - Belco and Westport will each be a party to that reorganization,

      - no gain or loss will be recognized by Belco or Westport by reason of the
        merger, and;

      - no gain or loss will be recognized by the stockholders of Belco common
        stock upon the receipt of shares of New Westport common stock in
        exchange for shares of Belco common stock pursuant to the merger except
        with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional share interests.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time and the merger may be
abandoned prior to the effective time, whether before or after approval by the
stockholders of Belco or Westport:

     - by our mutual written consent;

     - by either of us in certain circumstances if the effective time shall not
       have occurred on or before December 31, 2001;

     - by either of us if there has been a breach of any representation,
       warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the other party set forth
       in the merger agreement, and which breach would, if uncured, cause
       certain closing conditions not to be satisfied and shall not have been
       cured within 20 business days following receipt by the breaching party of
       written notice of such breach from the other party;

     - by either of us if any governmental authority or court of competent
       jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered
       any law or governmental order making the consummation of the merger
       illegal or otherwise prohibiting the merger and such governmental order
       shall have become final and nonappealable, provided that the party
       seeking to terminate the merger agreement shall have used its reasonable
       best efforts to remove or lift such governmental order;

     - by Westport

      - if the Belco board of directors (or any committee thereof) (1)
        withdraws, modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger
        agreement or the merger in a manner adverse to Westport, or (2) shall
        have recommended to the stockholders of Belco any Acquisition Proposal
        (other than an Acquisition Proposal made by Westport) or resolved to do
        so;

      - if Belco shall have entered into an agreement with respect to an
        Acquisition Proposal (other than an Acquisition Proposal made by
        Westport);

      or

      - Belco shall have willfully breached its agreements in the merger
        agreement prohibiting solicitations or requiring the calling and holding
        of the Belco special meeting under the merger agreement;

     - by Belco, if, prior to the Belco stockholders' approval having been
       obtained, Belco simultaneously enters into a definitive agreement for a
       Superior Proposal under certain circumstances and pays the applicable
       termination fee and expenses; or

     - by either of us if the requisite stockholder approval is not obtained
       upon a vote at a duly held meeting of stockholders or at any adjournment
       or postponement thereof.

     
Belco's right to terminate the merger agreement to accept a Superior
Proposal is subject to Westport's right to match the Superior Proposal on the
terms set forth in the merger agreement.


EXPENSES

  General

     The merger agreement provides that, except as provided below, all expenses
incurred by the parties to the merger agreement shall be borne solely and
entirely by the party that has incurred such expenses; provided that all
expenses related to preparing, printing, filing and mailing the registration
statement regarding the New Westport common stock, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and all SEC and other regulatory filing fees incurred in
connection with such filings (other than the HSR Act), shall be borne solely and
entirely by Westport.
Moreover, if the merger agreement is terminated for any
reason, except as set forth below, Belco and Westport will share equally all
expenses (including all reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, accountants,
investment bankers, experts and consultants) incurred by a party related to the
authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and performance of the merger
agreement and the

preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the registration statement
regarding the New Westport common stock, this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
required filings under the HSR Act and all other matters related to the
consummation of the merger.

  
Termination Fees

     The merger agreement generally provides that Belco will pay to Westport a
termination fee of $12.5 million, plus up to $2.5 million of Westport's
documented aggregate expenses, if the merger agreement is terminated in the
following circumstances:

     - by Westport

      - if the Belco board of directors (or any committee thereof) (1)
        withdraws, modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger
        agreement or the merger in a manner adverse to Westport, or (2) has
        recommended to the stockholders of Belco any Acquisition Proposal (other
        than an Acquisition Proposal made by Westport),

      - if Belco enters into an agreement with respect to an Acquisition
        Proposal (other than an Acquisition Proposal made by Westport), or

      - because Belco willfully breaches its covenants in the merger agreement
        prohibiting solicitations or requiring the calling and holding of the
        Belco special meeting under the merger agreement; or

     - by Belco, if, prior to Belco stockholder approval, Belco simultaneously
       enters into a definitive agreement for a Superior Proposal in accordance
       with certain provisions of the merger agreement.

     
Belco will also pay the $12.5 million termination fee and up to $2.5
million of Westport's documented expenses if an Acquisition Proposal has been
made to Belco and either Belco or Westport terminates the merger agreement
because the effective time has not occurred on or before December 31, 2001 or,
under certain circumstances, because the proposals presented at the special
meeting of Belco stockholders are not approved and, within 12 months of the
termination, Belco or its subsidiaries enter into a definitive agreement for, or
consummate, any Acquisition Proposal.

                             
SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the proposed merger, Westport Energy LLC, or WELLC, ERI
Investments, Inc., or ERI, and a group of current Belco stockholders, or the
Belfer Group, entered into the new shareholders agreement with Westport and
Belco.
By its terms, the new shareholders agreement becomes effective at the
effective time of the merger, and terminates if the merger agreement is
terminated for any reason prior to the consummation of the proposed merger.

     
The new shareholders agreement contains provisions that determine how
WELLC, ERI and the Belfer Group will vote their respective shares of New
Westport common stock and that, among other things, will have the effect, based
on their current share ownership, of giving these parties the ability to
determine the composition of the New Westport board of directors and otherwise
affect New Westport's corporate governance and business activities, including
provisions whereby:

     - WELLC, ERI and the Belfer Group must vote their shares according to and
       consistent with the terms of the new shareholders agreement;

     - New Westport, WELLC, ERI and the Belfer Group are obligated to take or
       cause to be taken all lawful action necessary to ensure at all times that
       New Westport's articles of incorporation and bylaws are at all times
       consistent with the provisions of the new shareholders agreement;

     - the New Westport board of directors will be comprised of 11 directors,
       two of whom must be independent directors, as such term is defined in the
       new shareholders agreement, divided into three classes, with directors in
       each class having a three-year term following a transition period in
       which the initial Class I directors serve a one-year term, the initial
       Class II directors serve a two-year term and the initial Class III
       directors serve a three-year term;

     - WELLC and ERI each have the right to nominate one director to Class III,
       one director to Class II and one director to Class I and the Belfer Group
       has the right to nominate one director to Class III and one director to
       Class I.
The number of directors any such party may nominate is reduced
       if such party's ownership of New Westport common stock falls below
       specified percentages of the total number of shares of New Westport
       common stock then outstanding;

     - WELLC, ERI and the Belfer Group, respectively, each have the right (1)
       subject to applicable law, to remove, with or without cause, any director
       nominated in accordance with the terms of the shareholders agreement by
       WELLC, ERI or the Belfer Group, respectively, and (2) to nominate any
       replacement for a director nominated in accordance with the terms of the
       new shareholders agreement by WELLC, ERI or the Belfer Group,
       respectively, upon the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
       or removal from office of such director.
The New Westport board of
       directors shall duly appoint as a director each person so nominated to
       fill a vacancy on the board of directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
       pursuant to Nevada law, an incumbent director may not be removed from
       office except with the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the
       issued and outstanding voting power;

     - New Westport may take and may permit its subsidiaries to take and engage
       in the following actions only upon receiving supermajority approval (as
       such term is defined in the new shareholders agreement) of the New
       Westport board of directors:

      - Issuance of Common Stock.  
Issue, sell, grant or award or enter into any
        agreement to issue, sell, grant or award any common stock of New
        Westport other than (1) pursuant to agreements or obligations in
        existence as of the effective time of the merger, (2) the issuance of
        common stock of New Westport pursuant to any rights or agreements
        including without limitation any security convertible or exchangeable
        into or exercisable for, with or without consideration, common stock of
        New Westport so long as such rights or agreements received supermajority
        approval and (3) the grant of options and the issuance of restricted
        stock under New Westport stock incentive plans for the benefit of New
        Westport's employees and directors and the issuance of New Westport
        common stock upon the exercise of such options;

      - Debt to Total Capitalization.  
Incur funded debt of New Westport and its
        subsidiaries so that the ratio of debt of New Westport and its
        subsidiaries to total capitalization is greater than 0.4 to 1.0; and

      - Sale Transactions.  
Enter into any merger or consolidation of New
        Westport, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of New Westport
        or sale of assets or transfer to a third party by sale of assets, merger
        or otherwise by New Westport or any of its subsidiaries (in one
        transaction or a series of related transactions) of any subsidiary of
        New Westport or the assets or business of New Westport or a subsidiary
        thereof which involves more than $150 million (or such other amount,
        established by resolution of the New Westport board of directors
        (approved by supermajority approval) from time to time), of the total
        assets of New Westport and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, including
        a sale of New Westport effected by means of a sale of New Westport
        common stock, but excluding, however, dispositions of assets in the
        ordinary course of business (including, but not limited to, oil and
        natural gas production).

     - subject to certain conditions, neither ERI, WELLC nor the Belfer Group
       will acquire any additional shares of New Westport common stock without
       the consent of the other parties;

     - each of WELLC, ERI and the Belfer Group is granted unlimited piggyback
       registration rights;

     - each of WELLC and ERI is granted three demand registration rights and the
       Belfer Group is granted two demand registration rights; and

     - each of WELLC, ERI and the Belfer Group agree to enter into holdback
       agreements if requested by the underwriters in underwritten offerings.

      
CERTAIN MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     
The following general discussion summarizes the anticipated material U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger to holders of Westport common
stock.
This discussion addresses only those stockholders who hold their shares
of Westport common stock as a capital asset, and does not address all of the
U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to particular Westport
stockholders in light of their individual circumstances, or to Westport
stockholders who are subject to special rules, such as:

     - financial institutions;

     - mutual funds;

     - tax-exempt organizations;

     - insurance companies;

     - dealers in securities or foreign currencies;

     - traders in securities who elect to apply a market-to-market method of
       accounting;

     - foreign holders;

     - persons who hold shares of Westport common stock as a hedge against
       currency risk or as part of a straddle, constructive sale or conversion
       transaction; or

     - holders who acquired their shares of Westport common stock upon the
       exercise of warrants or employee stock options or otherwise as
       compensation.

     
The following general discussion also summarizes the anticipated material
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to Belco, Westport and the
Belco and Westport stockholders.
This discussion does not, however, address the
anticipated material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to
holders of options to purchase Belco or Westport common stock.

     
The following discussion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service.
It
is based upon the Code and the regulations, rulings, and decisions thereunder in
effect as of the date of this document, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect.
Tax consequences under state, local and
foreign laws and U.S. federal laws other than U.S. federal income tax laws are
not addressed.
TAX MATTERS ARE VERY COMPLICATED AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER TO YOU WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF YOUR OWN SITUATION.
BELCO AND WESTPORT
STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF
U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS IN THEIR
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

     
It is a condition to the closing of the merger that Westport and Belco each
receive an opinion from its tax counsel to the effect that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

The opinion of Westport's tax counsel, Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld,
L.L.P., further describes the extent, if any, to which holders of shares of
Westport common stock will recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger.
In
addition, the opinion of Belco's tax counsel, Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., further
provides that neither Belco nor Westport will recognize gain or loss as a result
of the merger.
These opinions are based on customary assumptions and
representations made by, among others, Belco and Westport.
Belco or Westport may
waive the condition that it receive a tax opinion that the merger will
constitute a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If such event,
Belco and Westport will amend this joint proxy statement/prospectus to describe
the tax consequences of the merger and will deliver it to stockholders of Belco
and Westport to resolicit proxies previously granted.
An opinion of counsel
represents counsel's best legal judgment and is not binding on the Internal
Revenue Service or any court.
No ruling has been, or will be, sought from the
Internal Revenue Service or any state taxing authority as to the tax
consequences of the merger.
THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION ASSUMES THAT THE MERGER
QUALIFIED AS A REORGANIZATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 368(a) OF THE U.S.
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.


TAX CONSEQUENCES TO WESTPORT AND BELCO

     Westport and Belco will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the
merger.
Belco's aggregate adjusted tax basis in the assets received from
Westport will be the same as Westport's aggregate adjusted tax basis in its
assets.
The holding period of the assets received by Belco pursuant to the
merger will include the periods for which Westport held its assets.
Further,
Belco will not recognize gain as a result of the issuance of shares of New
Westport common stock to the stockholders of Westport or Belco.

     
As a result of the merger, New Westport will succeed to the net operating
loss carryforwards of Belco and Westport and the capital loss carryforwards of
Belco.
However, due to the change in Belco ownership that will result from the
merger, New Westport's utilization of Belco's net operating and capital losses
will be restricted.
Of Belco's estimated net operating and capital losses
carryforwards of approximately $181 million and $13 million, respectively, at
December 31, 2000, we estimate New Westport will be limited to utilization of
approximately $17 million annually.
This $17 million limitation will be
increased by any built-in gains of Belco which are recognized in the 5-year
period beginning with the merger date to the extent not used in any taxable
period, this limitation (including any adjustment for built-in gains) will be
carried forward to future periods.


TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HOLDERS OF WESTPORT COMMON STOCK

     A holder of Westport common stock will not recognize gain or loss on the
exchange of such Westport common stock for New Westport common stock pursuant to
the merger.
Such holder's aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares of New
Westport common stock received in the merger will equal such holder's adjusted
tax basis in the shares of Westport common stock surrendered in exchange
therefor.
The holding period of the shares of New Westport common stock received
by each holder of Westport common stock

in the merger will include the holding period of the Westport common stock
surrendered in exchange therefor.


TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HOLDERS OF BELCO COMMON STOCK

     A holder of Belco common stock will not recognize gain or loss on the
receipt of New Westport stock, except with respect to cash, if any, received in
lieu of fractional shares of New Westport common stock.
A holder of shares of
Belco common stock who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of New
Westport common stock will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received and such holder's tax basis in the shares of
Belco common stock allocable to the fractional share.
That gain or loss
generally will constitute capital gain or loss.
In the case of an individual
stockholder, any capital gain generally will be subject to a maximum U.S.
federal income tax rate of 20% if the individual has held his shares of Belco
common stock for more than 12 months on the date of the merger.
The
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations for both individuals
and corporations.
A holder's aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares of New
Westport common stock held after the merger will be the same as such holder's
aggregate tax basis in the shares of Belco common stock held prior to the
merger, decreased by the amount of any tax basis allocable to any fractional
share interest for which cash is received.
The holding period of the shares of
New Westport common stock received in the merger by a holder of shares of Belco
common stock will include the holding period of the shares of Belco common stock
surrendered in exchange therefor.


TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HOLDERS OF BELCO PREFERRED STOCK

     Because shares of Belco preferred stock will remain unchanged in the merger
other than an adjustment to the conversion ratio so that each share of Belco
preferred stock will be convertible into .465795 of a share of New Westport, a
holder of Belco preferred stock will not recognize any gain or loss as a result
of the merger.

         
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA

     
The following information should be read together with the historical
consolidated financial statements of Belco and Westport and other supplemental
financial information contained in this document.

                             
BELCO OIL & GAS CORP.

                                                                                                                 THREE MONTHS
                                                                                                                     ENDED
                                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                         MARCH 31,
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------   
-------------------
                                                     1996        1997        1998        1999       2000        2000       2001
                                                   ---------   
---------   ---------   
--------   ---------   --------   
--------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Operating revenues:
 Oil and natural gas sales.......................  $ 119,710   $ 129,994   $ 129,916   $141,932   $ 199,387   $ 45,374   $ 73,230
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   
--------   ---------   
--------   --------
Operating costs and expense:
 Lease operating expense.........................      6,296       7,358      33,615     29,854      33,290      6,929      9,058
 Production taxes................................      1,551       5,400       7,232      9,314      14,464      3,606      5,938
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization........     
40,904      46,684      56,102     54,182      56,721     13,777     14,708
 Impairment of oil and gas properties............         --     150,000     229,000         --          --         --         --
 General and administrative......................      3,059       3,913       5,216      4,940       6,538      1,538      1,700
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------   --------
       Total operating costs and expenses........     51,810     213,355     331,165     98,290     111,013     25,850     31,404
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------   --------
       Operating income (loss)...................     67,900     (83,361)   (201,249)    43,642      88,374     19,524     41,826
Other income (expense):
 Interest expense................................         --      (1,668)    (21,013)   (21,021)    (25,253)    (6,128)    (6,990)
 Interest income.................................      2,653       3,245       1,730      1,134         951        250        124
 Impairment of equity securities.................         --          --     (24,216)      (450)         --         --         --
 Derivative gain (loss) -- cash..................      3,417      (1,551)        172     (2,442)    (33,953)    (5,465)   (31,959)
 
Derivative gain (loss) -- non-cash..............     (9,384)     (4,928)     18,912    (34,094)   (103,610)   (22,178)    46,761
Income (loss) before income taxes................     64,586     (88,263)   (225,664)   (13,231)    (73,491)   (13,997)    49,762
Benefit (provision) for income taxes(1)..........    (21,953)     31,355      78,107      4,631      25,722      4,899    (17,416)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   
--------   ---------   --------   
--------
Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle..................     
42,633     (56,908)   (147,557)    (8,600)    (47,769)    (9,098)    32,346
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle.......................................         --          --          --         --          --         --     (4,324)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   
--------   ---------   --------   
--------
 Net income (loss)(1)............................  $  42,633   $ (56,908)  $(147,557)  $ (8,600)  $ (47,769)  $ (9,098)  $ 28,022
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
 Net income (loss) available to common stock.....  $  42,633   $ (56,908)  $(152,963)  $(15,484)  $ (53,791)  $(10,709)  $ 26,707
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES
 OUTSTANDING:
Basic............................................     29,986      31,538      31,529     31,642      31,469     31,200     32,516
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
Diluted..........................................     29,986      31,538      31,529     31,642      31,469     31,200     36,271
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========

                                                                                                                 THREE MONTHS
                                                                                                                     ENDED
                                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                         MARCH 31,
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------   
-------------------
                                                     1996        1997        1998        1999       2000        2000       2001
                                                   ---------   
---------   ---------   
--------   ---------   --------   
--------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

PER SHARE DATA:

Basic:
 Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
   change in accounting principle................  $    1.42   $   (1.80)  $   (4.85)  $  (0.49)  $   (1.71)  $   0.34   $   0.95
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
 Net income (loss)...............................  $    1.42   $   (1.80)  $   (4.85)  $  (0.49)  $   (1.71)  $   0.34   $   0.82
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
Diluted:
 Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
   change in accounting principle................  $    1.42   $   (1.80)  $   (4.85)  $  (0.49)  $   (1.71)  $   0.34   $   0.89
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
 Net income (loss)...............................  $    1.42   $   (1.80)  $   (4.85)  $  (0.49)  $   (1.71)  $   0.34   $   0.77
                                                   =========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========   ========
OTHER FINANCIAL DATA:
EBITDA(3)........................................  
$ 114,874   $ 115,017   $  85,755   $ 96,516   $ 112,093   $ 28,086   $ 24,699
Net cash provided by operating activities........    108,059     101,523      86,345     78,044      86,698     18,292     17,591
Net cash used in investing activities............   (143,826)   (363,136)   (138,526)   (74,542)   (175,282)   (60,096)   (26,718)

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities......................................     
77,684     230,400      42,356     (3,832)     89,145     45,237      6,951
Capital expenditures (net).......................    142,712     564,459     126,506     73,183     175,328     60,033     26,833
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash.............................................  $  43,473   $  12,260   $   2,435   $  2,105   $   2,666   $  5,539   $    490
Working capital (deficit)(2).....................     
48,667      36,757      14,823     (8,389)   (101,729)   (14,156)   (77,217)
Total assets.....................................    303,918     697,109     505,536    510,973     657,374    562,752    664,447
Total long-term debt.............................         --     352,090     294,990    306,744     402,033    353,574    410,048
Total debt.......................................         --     352,090     294,990    306,744     402,033    353,574    410,048
Stockholders' equity.............................    233,203     184,648     138,291    113,972      60,400    102,961     69,541

- ---------------

(1) 1996 includes a one-time non-cash deferred tax charge of $30.1 million
    recognized as a result of the combination of assets consummated on March 29,
    1996 in connection with Belco's initial public offering.


(2) Excluding the commodity price risk management non-cash mark-to-market
    balance sheet items, working capital would have been positive $6.6 million,
    $7.9 million, and $13.9 million and $5.3 million at December 31, 1999,
    December 31, 2000, March 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001, respectively.

(3) EBITDA (as used herein) is defined as net income (loss) before interest
    expense, income taxes, depletion, depreciation and amortization, impairment
    of oil and gas properties, impairment of equity securities, the non-cash
    portion of derivative gain (loss) and cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle.
While EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or
    as a substitute for net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flow
    provided by operating activities or other income or cash flow data prepared
    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or as an
    indicator of a company's financial performance, Belco believes that it
    provides additional information with respect to its ability to meet its
    future debt service, capital expenditures and working capital requirements.
    
When evaluating EBITDA, investors should consider, among other factors, (i)
    increasing or decreasing trends in EBITDA, (ii) whether EBITDA has remained
    at positive levels historically and (iii) how EBITDA compares to levels of
    interest expense.
Because EBITDA excludes some, but not all, items that
    affect net income and may vary among companies, the EBITDA presented above
    may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
While
    Belco believes that EBITDA may provide additional information with respect
    to its ability to meet its future debt service, capital expenditures and
    working capital requirements, certain functional or legal requirements of
    its business may require it to utilize its available funds for other
    purposes.

                         
WESTPORT RESOURCES CORPORATION

                                                                                                   THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                           MARCH 31,
                                     -------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------
                                       1996       1997        1998        1999       2000        2000          2001
                                     --------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------   ---------------
                                                           (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Operating revenues:
  Oil and natural gas sales........  $ 35,141   $  63,870   $  52,355   $ 75,488   $ 220,042   $ 25,463      $ 95,006
                                     --------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------      --------
Operating costs and expenses:
  Lease operating expense..........    10,716      19,583      21,554     22,916      34,397      6,623        10,473
  Production taxes.................     
3,561       5,923       3,888      5,742      10,631      2,268         3,518
  Transportation costs.............        --         781         850      1,725       3,034        478         1,395
  Exploration......................     1,054       7,424      14,664      7,314      12,790      1,871         2,611
  Depletion, depreciation and
    amortization...................     
8,325      23,659      36,264     25,210      64,856      6,172        20,241
  Impairment of proved
    properties.....................       442       5,765       8,794      3,072       2,911         --            --
  Impairment of unproved
    properties.....................        --         380       1,898      2,273       5,124        235         1,004
  Stock compensation expense.......        --          --          --         --       5,539(1)    3,383          545
  General and administrative.......     2,655       5,316       5,913      5,297       7,542      1,164         3,522
                                     --------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------      --------
        Total operating costs and
          expenses.................    26,753      68,831      93,825     73,549     146,824     22,194        43,309
                                     --------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------      --------
        Operating income (loss)....     8,388      (4,961)    (41,470)     1,939      73,218      3,269        51,697
Other income (expense):
  Interest expense.................    (2,774)     (5,635)     (8,323)    (9,207)     (9,731)    (2,047)         (290)
  Interest income..................       313         309         403        489       1,230        193           363
  Gain (loss) on sale of assets,
    net............................       128         (13)         --      3,637       3,130        (17)           --
  Derivative gain (loss) and
    other..........................        44         (54)         29         16        (587)        (1)        1,823
                                     --------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------      --------
Income (loss) before income
  taxes............................     6,099     (10,354)    (49,361)    (3,126)     67,260      1,397        53,593
Benefit (provision) for income
  taxes............................    (2,289)        973          --         --     (23,724)        --       (19,561)
                                     --------   ---------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------      --------
        Net income (loss)..........  $  3,810   $  (9,381)  $ (49,361)  $ (3,126)  $  43,536   $  1,397      $ 34,032
                                     ========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========      ========
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON
  SHARES OUTSTANDING:
  Basic............................     4,531       9,326      11,004     14,727      28,296     15,630        38,436
                                     ========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========      ========
  Diluted..........................     4,531       9,326      11,004     14,727      28,645     15,924        39,250
                                     ========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========      ========
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
  Basic............................  $   0.84   $   (1.01)  $   (4.49)  $  (0.21)  $    1.54   $   0.09      $   0.89
                                     ========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========      ========
  Diluted..........................  $   0.84   $   (1.01)  $   (4.49)  $  (0.21)  $    1.52   $   0.09      $   0.87
                                     ========   =========   =========   ========   =========   ========      ========
OTHER FINANCIAL DATA:
EBITDAX(2).........................  $ 18,694   $  32,509   $  20,582   $ 43,950   $ 165,567   $ 15,105      $ 76,461
Net cash provided by operating
  activities.......................    15,921      24,146       7,622     21,279     143,429      5,215        74,218
Net cash provided by (used in)
  investing activities.............   (24,040)   (150,441)   (113,019)    17,981    (140,169)   (12,119)      (20,807)
Net cash provided by (used in)
  financing activities.............    13,735     126,675     104,667    (29,933)     (2,581)      (333)           --
Capital expenditures...............    24,023     153,791     113,008     14,005     146,086     12,110        20,807
BALANCE SHEET DATA
(AS OF PERIOD END):
Cash...............................  $ 10,497   $  10,878   $  10,148   $ 19,475   $  20,154   $ 12,238      $ 73,565
Working capital (deficit)..........     
7,797       4,296     (30,993)    12,837      20,487      9,557        74,881
Total assets.......................   117,597     245,394     302,302    271,477     551,831    269,503       601,567
Total long-term debt...............    25,462      92,128     121,333    105,462         162    105,462           162
Total debt.........................    26,795      93,462     153,128    106,795         162    106,462           162
Stockholders' equity...............    80,471     131,098     126,737    140,011     458,056    141,408       492,529

- ---------------

(1) Includes compensation expenses of $3.4 million recorded as a result of a
    one-time repurchase of employee stock options in March 2000 in connection
    with the merger between Westport Oil and Gas Company, Inc. and Equitable
    Production (Gulf) Company.


(2) EBITDAX (as used herein) is defined as net income (loss) before interest
    expense, income taxes, depletion, depreciation and amortization, impairment
    of unproved properties, impairment of proved properties, exploration
    expense, non cash stock compensation expense and derivative gain (loss).

    
While EBITDAX should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
    net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flow provided by operating
    activities or other income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with
    generally accepted accounting principles or as an indicator of a company's
    financial performance, Westport believes that it provides additional
    information with respect to its ability to meet its future debt service,
    capital expenditures and working capital requirements.
When evaluating
    EBITDAX, investors should consider, among other factors, (i) increasing or
    decreasing trends in EBITDAX, (ii) whether EBITDAX has remained at positive
    levels historically and (iii) how EBITDAX compares to levels of interest
    expense.
Because EBITDAX excludes some, but not all, items that affect net
    income and may vary among companies, the EBITDAX presented above may not be
    comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
While Westport
    believes that EBITDAX may provide additional information with respect to its
    ability to meet its future debt service, capital expenditures and working
    capital requirements, certain functional or legal requirements of its
    business may require it to utilize its available funds for other purposes.

              
NEW WESTPORT UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of operations of
New Westport for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the three months ended
March 31, 2001 give effect to the merger of Westport into Belco, using the
purchase method of accounting, as if it had occurred on January 1, 2000.
The
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of operations of New
Westport for the year ended December 31, 2000 also reflect the merger of
Westport Oil and Gas with Equitable Production (Gulf) Company, which was
consummated on April 7, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
balance sheet of New Westport as of March 31, 2001 gives effect to the merger of
Westport into Belco, using the purchase method of accounting, as if it had
occurred on March 31, 2001.
The pro forma adjustments are based on estimates and
assumptions explained in further detail in the accompanying notes to unaudited
pro forma condensed consolidated financial statements.

     
The unaudited pro forma financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial statements, the historical financial statements and related notes of
Westport, the historical financial statements and related notes of Belco and the
historical statements of revenues and direct operating expenses and related
notes for the properties acquired from Equitable Production (Gulf) Company, each
of which is included herein.
The pro forma information presented does not
purport to be indicative of the financial position or results of operations that
would have actually occurred had the merger of Westport into Belco been
consummated on the dates indicated or which may occur in the future.

            
NEW WESTPORT UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                                 MARCH 31, 2001
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                  BELCO       WESTPORT     PRO FORMA
                                                HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL   ADJUSTMENTS     PRO FORMA
                                                ----------   ----------   -----------     ----------

ASSETS

Cash..........................................   $    490     $ 73,565     $     --       $   74,055
Other current assets..........................     
61,121       51,834           --          112,955
Oil and gas properties, net...................    
592,444      474,535      224,372(a)     1,291,351
Goodwill......................................         --           --      190,907(a)       190,907
Other assets, net.............................     10,392        1,633       (4,067)(a)        7,958
                                                 --------     --------     --------       ----------
          Total assets........................   $664,447     $601,567     $411,212       $1,677,226
                                                 ========     ========     ========       ==========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Liabilities from commodity price risk
  management activities.......................   $ 98,418     $     --     $     --       $   98,418
Other current liabilities.....................     40,410       50,518        8,800(a)        99,728
Long-term debt................................    
410,048          162       (1,212)(a)      408,998
Deferred income taxes.........................     13,490       56,787       82,457(a)       152,734
Other liabilities.............................     32,540        1,571           --           34,111
                                                 --------     --------     --------       ----------
          Total liabilities...................    594,906      109,038       90,045          793,989
Stockholders' equity..........................     69,541      492,529      340,034(a)       883,237
                                                       --           --        3,359(a)            --
                                                       --           --       47,315(a)            --
                                                       --           --      (69,541)(b)           --
                                                 --------     --------     --------       ----------
          Total liabilities and stockholders'
            equity............................   $664,447     $601,567     $411,212       $1,677,226
                                                 ========     ========     ========       ==========

The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial statements are an integral part of this balance sheet.

       
NEW WESTPORT UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
            OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                    BELCO        WESTPORT     PRO FORMA
                                                  HISTORICAL    HISTORICAL   ADJUSTMENTS     PRO FORMA
                                                  ----------    ----------   -----------     ---------

Revenues........................................   $ 73,230      $ 95,006     $     --       $168,236
                                                   --------      --------     --------       --------
Operating costs and expenses:
  Lease operating expense.......................      9,058        10,473           --         19,531
  Production taxes..............................      5,938         3,518           --          9,456
  Transportation costs..........................         --         1,395           --          1,395
  Exploration...................................         --         2,611        1,353(g)       3,964
  Depletion, depreciation and amortization......     14,708        20,241          691(c)      35,640
  Impairment of unproved properties.............         --         1,004           --          1,004
  Stock compensation expense....................         --           545           --            545
  General and administrative....................      1,700         3,522          930(h)       6,152
                                                   --------      --------     --------       --------
          Total operating expenses..............     31,404        43,309        2,974         77,687
                                                   --------      --------     --------       --------
          Operating income (loss)...............     41,826        51,697       (2,974)        90,549
Other income (expense):
  Interest expense..............................     (6,990)         (290)          --         (7,280)
  Interest income...............................        124           363           --            487
  Derivative gain (loss) and other..............     14,802         1,823           --         16,625
                                                   --------      --------     --------       --------
Income (loss) before income taxes...............     49,762        53,593       (2,974)       100,381
Benefit (provision) for income taxes............    (17,416)      (19,561)       1,022(f)     (35,955)
                                                   --------      --------     --------       --------
Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
  change in accounting principle................   $ 32,346      $ 34,032     $ (1,952)      $ 64,426
                                                   ========      ========     ========       ========
Weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding:
  Basic.........................................     32,516        38,436      (18,985)(d)     51,967
  Diluted.......................................     36,271        39,250      (21,191)(d)     54,330
Net income available to common stockholders
  before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle per common share:
  Basic.........................................   $   0.95(i)   $   0.89                    $   1.21(i)
  Diluted.......................................   $   0.89      $   0.87                    $   1.19(i)


The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

       
NEW WESTPORT UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
               OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                   BELCO       WESTPORT     PRO FORMA
                                                 HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL   ADJUSTMENTS     PRO FORMA
                                                 ----------   ----------   -----------     ---------

Revenues.......................................   $199,387     $220,042      $18,932(j)    $ 438,361
                                                  --------     
--------      -------       ---------
Operating costs and expenses:
  Lease operating expense......................     
33,290       34,397        1,215(j)       68,902
  Production taxes.............................     14,464       10,631           --          25,095
  Transportation costs.........................         --        3,034           --           3,034
  Exploration..................................         --       12,790        5,968(f)       18,758
  Depletion, depreciation and amortization.....     
56,721       64,856       10,126(j)      136,786
                                                                               5,083(c)
  
Impairment of proved properties..............         --        2,911           --           2,911
  Impairment of unproved properties............         --        5,124           --           5,124
  Stock compensation expense...................         --        5,539           --           5,539
  General and administrative...................      
6,538        7,542        3,464(h)       18,246
                                                                                 702(j)
                                                  --------     --------      -------       ---------
          Total operating expenses.............    111,013      146,824       26,558         284,395
                                                  --------     --------      -------       ---------
          Operating income (loss)..............     
88,374       73,218       (7,626)        153,966
Other income (expense):
  Interest expense.............................    (25,253)      (9,731)      (1,023)(j)     (36,007)
  Interest income..............................        951        1,230                        2,181
  Gain on sale of assets -- net................         --        3,130                        3,130
  Derivative gain (loss) and other.............   (137,563)        (587)                    (138,150)
                                                  --------     
--------      -------       ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes..............    (73,491)      67,260       (8,649)        (14,880)
Benefit (provision) for income taxes...........     25,722      (23,724)      (2,542)(j)       5,208
                                                                               5,752(f)
                                                  --------     
--------      -------       ---------
Net income (loss)..............................    
(47,769)      43,536       (5,439)         (9,672)
Preferred stock dividends......................     
(6,022)          --           --          (6,022)
                                                  --------     
--------      -------       ---------
Net income (loss) available to common stock....   
$(53,791)    $ 43,536      $(5,439)      $ (15,694)
                                                  
========     ========      =======       =========
Weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding:
  Basic........................................     31,469       28,296      (17,938)(e)      41,827
  Diluted......................................     31,469       28,645      (18,287)(e)      41,827
Net loss per common share:
  Basic........................................   $  (1.71)    $   1.54                    $   (0.38)
  Diluted......................................   $  (1.71)    $   1.52                    $   (0.38)

The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

   
NEW WESTPORT NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS

(a) Adjust the historical book value of Belco's assets and liabilities to
    reflect the estimated fair values as of March 31, 2001.
The calculation and
    preliminary allocation of the purchase price are shown below:

     Purchase Price Calculation:
       Fair value of New Westport common stock to be
        issued..............................................   $  340,034(1)
       Fair value of New Westport stock options to be issued
        for outstanding Belco stock options.................        3,359(2)
       Fair value of liabilities assumed:
          Liabilities from commodity price risk
          management........................................       98,418
          Current liabilities...............................       40,410
          Long-term debt....................................      408,836(3)
          Deferred taxes....................................       95,947(4)
          Other liabilities.................................       32,540
       Fair value of preferred stock assumed................       47,315(5)
       Estimated merger costs...............................        
8,800
                                                               ----------
               Total purchase price.........................   $1,075,659
                                                               ==========
     Allocation of Purchase Price:
       Cash.................................................   $      490
       Other current assets.................................       
61,121
       Oil and gas properties...............................      816,816(6)
       Other assets.........................................        6,325(7)
       Goodwill.............................................      190,907(6)
                                                               
----------
               Total allocation.............................   $1,075,659
                                                               ==========

- ---------------

     (1) Reflects the issuance of approximately 13.6 million shares of Westport
         common stock (based on the exchange rate of 0.4125) at $25.13 per
         share, which represents the average closing price of Westport's common
         stock for the two days preceding the announcement of the merger and the
         two days following the announcement of the merger.

     
(2) Reflects the estimated intrinsic value of New Westport stock options to
         be issued as replacement stock options for outstanding Belco stock
         options.

     
(3) Reflects the fair value of Belco's publicly-traded debt on March 31,
         2001 based on quoted market prices on March 31, 2001.
Pro forma
         adjustment of $1,212,000 represents a discount on Belco's
         publicly-traded debt.

     (4) Adjustment to reflect deferred taxes resulting from the difference
         between the pro forma book basis and tax basis of the assets acquired
         from Belco (primarily oil and gas properties).
Pro forma adjustment of
         $82,457,000 reflects estimated total deferred taxes of $95,947,000 less
         Belco deferred tax balance at March 31, 2001 of $13,490,000.

     
(5) Reflects the fair value of Belco's 3,013,700 shares of preferred stock
         at March 31, 2001 based on the quoted market price of $15.70 per share
         on March 31, 2001.

     
(6)
For financial accounting purposes, Westport allocated $816.8 million of
         the purchase price to properties and equipment and $190.9 million to
         goodwill.
The allocation to property and equipment was made based on
         the present value, discounted at 15% per year, of future net revenues
         attributable to the estimated net proved reserves.
Oil and natural gas
         prices used were the averages of those projected by the equity research
         analysts covering Westport and its peers as of March 30, 2001.


AVERAGE PRICES:          0IL $/BBL              GAS $/MMBTU
- ---------------          ---------              -----------

     2001                  24.42                    4.90
     2002                  21.40                    3.86
     2003                  20.80                    3.36
     Thereafter  2.5% per year to a maximum  2.5% per year to a
     escalated            of 35.00            maximum of 4.85

        Lease operating expenses and capital expenditures escalate at 2.5% per
        year starting in 2002.
-
---------------

         The balance of the $190.9 million allocated to goodwill reflects the
         value of the anticipated benefits to Westport as a result of the
         merger.
These benefits are described under "the Merger -- Reasons for
         the Merger.
"

     (7) The book value of Belco's other noncurrent assets was assumed to
         represent fair value at March 31, 2001.
Pro forma adjustment of
         $4,067,000 reflects debt issuance costs recorded on Belco's balance
         sheet for which no purchase price value was assigned.


(b) Adjustment to eliminate Belco's historical stockholders' equity.


(c) Adjustment to reflect additional depletion, depreciation and amortization
    expense resulting from the additional basis of oil and gas properties
    recorded in connection with purchase accounting.
The additional pro forma
    depletion, depreciation and amortization expense was computed based on the
    portion of the purchase price allocated to proved properties using the units
    of production depletion method (under the successful efforts method of
    accounting) based on estimates of proved reserves of the Belco properties as
    of the beginning of each period presented.


(d) Adjustment to reflect the elimination of Belco's historical shares
    outstanding and the issuance of 13,530,986 shares of New Westport common
    stock in connection with the merger of Westport into Belco and the impact of
    Belco's common stock equivalents.


(e) Adjustment to reflect the elimination of Belco's historical shares
    outstanding and the issuance of 13,530,986 shares of New Westport common
    stock in connection with the merger of Westport into Belco and the reduction
    of Westport's weighted average number of diluted common shares as a result
    of Westport's common stock equivalents which become antidilutive on a pro
    forma basis.

(f) Adjustment to reflect provision for income taxes resulting from pro forma
    income before income taxes, assuming an effective tax rate of 35.8% and
    35.0% in the 2001 period and 2000 period, respectively.


(g) Adjustment to expense exploration costs capitalized by Belco (under the full
    cost method of accounting) to conform to the successful efforts method of
    accounting utilized by Westport.


(h) Adjustment to expense general and administrative expenses capitalized by
    Belco (under the full cost method of accounting) to conform to the
    successful efforts method of accounting utilized by Westport.


(i) Net income available to common stockholders before cumulative effect of
    change in accounting principle per common share reflects the impact of
    preferred stock dividends of $1,315,000.

(j) Adjustment to reflect additional revenues and expenses attributable to the
    EPGC properties acquired by Westport on April 7, 2000.
Adjustment reflects
    revenues and expenses of the EPGC properties for the period prior to
    acquisition.

   
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
                      OPERATIONS OF BELCO OIL & GAS CORP.

     
The following information should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements of Belco and the notes to those statements and
other financial information appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.


GENERAL

     Belco is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration for and
the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of natural gas and oil
in the United States primarily in the Rocky Mountains, Permian Basin,
Mid-Continent region and Gulf Coast/Austin Chalk Trend in Texas and Louisiana.

Since Belco's inception in April 1992, Belco has grown its reserve base through
a balanced program of exploration and development drilling and through
acquisitions.
Belco concentrates its activities primarily in four core areas in
which it has accumulated detailed geologic knowledge and has developed
significant management and technical expertise.
Additionally, Belco structures
its participation in natural gas and oil exploration and development activities
to minimize initial costs and risks, while permitting substantial follow-on
investment.

     
Belco's operations are currently focused in the Rocky Mountains, primarily
in the Green River, which includes the Moxa Arch Trend, Wind River and Big Horn
Basins of Wyoming, the Permian Basin in West Texas, the Mid-Continent region in
Oklahoma and North Texas, and the Gulf Coast, primarily in Texas.
These areas
accounted for approximately 99% of Belco's proved reserves at December 31, 2000.

Belco's reserve base was 726 Bcfe at December 31, 2000 with a reserve life index
of 11.3 years, based on 2000 production.
During the calendar year 2000, Belco
acquired approximately 104 Bcfe of proved reserves for approximately $79.5
million.

     
Belco's revenue, profitability and future rate of growth are substantially
dependent upon prevailing prices for natural gas, oil and condensate.
Commodity
prices are subject to numerous factors beyond Belco's control, such as economic,
political and regulatory developments and competition from other sources of
energy.
Energy markets have historically been very volatile, and Belco can offer
no assurance that oil and natural gas prices will not be subject to wide
fluctuations in the future.
A substantial or extended decline in oil and natural
gas prices could have a material adverse effect on Belco's financial position,
results of operations and access to capital, as well as the quantities of
natural gas and oil reserves that Belco may economically produce.
Natural gas
produced is sold under contracts that primarily reflect spot market conditions
for their particular area.
Belco markets its oil with other working interest
owners on spot price contracts and typically receives a small premium to the
price posted for such oil.
Currently, approximately 63% of Belco's production
volumes relate to the sale of natural gas, based on six Mcf of gas being
considered equivalent to one barrel of oil.

     
Belco utilizes commodity swaps and options and other commodity price risk
management transactions related to a portion of its oil and natural gas
production to achieve a more predictable cash flow, and to reduce its exposure
to price fluctuations.
Belco accounts for these transactions in compliance with
current generally accepted accounting principles as hedging activities or uses
mark-to-market accounting for those contracts that do not qualify for hedge
accounting.
As of March 31, 2001, Belco had various natural gas and oil price
risk management contracts in place with respect to portions of its estimated
production for years 2001, 2002 and 2003.
Belco expects to reduce the current
amount of price risk management contracts to largely phase out such transactions
that it has in place over the next 12 to 24 months in an effort to limit its
future exposure to the mark-to-market accounting rules requiring the immediate
recognition of non-cash unrealized gains and losses that cause large
unpredictable swings in reported results of operations, related earnings per
share and shareholder equity.

     
The following table sets forth certain operations data of Belco for the
periods presented:

                                                                                  THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,            MARCH 31,
                                                 ------------------------------   
-------------------
                                                   1998       1999       2000       2000       2001
                                                 --------   
--------   --------   --------   
--------

Oil and Gas Sales, Net of Hedging Activities
  (in thousands)...............................  $129,916   $141,932   $199,387   $45,374    $73,230
Average Sales Prices(1):
  Unhedged.....................................  $  13.17   $  17.49   $  29.23   $ 27.85    $ 27.47
  Hedge settlements............................      2.92       1.76      (4.62)    (2.47)     (5.12)
                                                 --------   
--------   --------   -------    -------
  Net realized.................................  $  16.09   $  19.25   $  24.61   $ 25.38    $ 22.35
                                                 ========   ========   ========   =======    =======
Gas (per Mcf)
  Unhedged.....................................  $   1.86   $   1.99   $   3.50   $  2.15    $  6.65
  Hedge settlements............................     (0.17)     (0.08)     (0.98)    (0.15)     (1.09)
                                                 
--------   --------   
--------   -------    -------
  Net realized.................................  $   1.69   $   1.91   $   2.52   $  2.00    $  5.56
                                                 ========   ========   ========   =======    =======
Net Production Data:
  Oil (Mbbl)...................................     
4,177      3,439      3,922       967        927
  Gas (Mmcf)...................................    37,207     39,738     40,847    10,406      9,446
  Gas equivalent (Mmcfe).......................    62,272     60,370     64,379    16,208     15,008
  Daily production (Mmcfe).....................       171        165        176       178        167
Operations Data per Mcfe:
  Oil and gas sales revenues (unhedged)........  $   1.99   $   2.31   $   4.00   $  3.04    $  5.88
  Hedged and non-hedge cash settlements........      0.09         --      (1.43)    (0.58)     (3.13)
  
Oil and gas operating expenses...............     (0.54)     (0.49)     (0.52)    (0.43)     (0.60)
  Production taxes.............................     (0.12)     (0.16)     (0.22)    (0.22)     (0.40)
  General and administrative...................     (0.08)     (0.08)     (0.10)    (0.09)     (0.11)
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization.....     (0.90)     (0.90)     (0.88)    (0.85)     (0.98)
                                                 --------   --------   --------   -------    -------
  Pre-tax operating profit(2)..................  $   0.44   $   0.68   $   0.85   $  0.87    $  0.66
                                                 ========   ========   ========   =======    =======
  Operating cash flow(2).......................  $   1.34   $   1.58   $   1.73   $  1.72    $  1.64
                                                 ========   ========   ========   =======    =======

- ---------------

(1) Excludes non-hedge commodity price risk management cash settlements reported
    separately.


(2) Excluding non-cash commodity price risk management activities, non-cash
    ceiling test and securities impairment provisions, interest income and
    interest expenses.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 COMPARED TO MARCH 31,

     Revenues.  
Oil and natural gas sales revenues for the first quarter of
2001, net of hedging activities, increased by $27.9 million, or 61% to $73.2
million when compared to the prior year first quarter, primarily the result of
substantially higher natural gas prices.
Average Mcf price realizations, net of
hedging activities, increased by 178% when compared to last year's first quarter
price realizations, while crude oil price realizations per barrel declined by
12%.
Lower crude oil and natural gas production in the current year quarter is
due in part to the absence of North Texas properties which were sold during the
third quarter of 2000 and also due to delays Belco experienced in obtaining
oilfield services necessary to drill new wells.

     
Commodity Price Risk Management, or CPRM, cash activities, including hedge
and non-hedge transactions, for the first quarter 2001 resulted in net reported
revenue reductions of $47.0 million in actual cash settlements paid compared to
$9.4 million in cash settlements paid in the prior year first quarter.
In
addition, Belco reported a $46.8 million non-cash mark-to-market unrealized gain
related to CPRM activities largely representing the partial reversal of
unrealized non-cash mark-to-market losses reported in prior periods as required
by existing accounting rules.
In the prior year first quarter, Belco reported a
$22.2 million non-cash mark-to-market unrealized loss.

     Costs and Expenses.  
Production and operating expenses increased by 31% to
$9.1 million compared to $6.9 million reported in the prior year comparable
quarter.
This increase is identified with the addition of new wells, both
acquired and drilled, since the first quarter of 2000 and general increases
experienced in virtually all categories of expense, including utilities, labor,
supplies and other services.
On an equivalent unit basis, lifting costs were
$0.60 per Mcfe for the first quarter 2001 compared to $0.43 per Mcfe in the
first quarter of 2000.
In addition, production taxes were $0.40 and $0.22 per
Mcfe for the first quarter of 2001 and 2000, respectively, with the increase
related to substantially higher natural gas prices.

     
Depreciation, depletion and amortization, or DD&A, for the quarter ended
March 31, 2001 increased by 7% to $14.7 million compared to the $13.8 million
recorded in the prior year comparable period due to an increase in the unit DD&A
rate per Mcfe from $0.85 in 2000 to $0.98 in 2001.

     
General and administrative expense, or G&A, costs increased by 11% in the
first quarter of 2001 to $1.7 million compared to $1.5 million incurred in the
first quarter of 2000.
The increase was primarily the result of higher salaries
and wages expense, including benefits.

     
Interest expense is incurred on $147.0 million of 8 7/8% Senior
Subordinated Notes due in 2007, $109.0 million of 10 1/2% Senior Subordinated
Notes due in 2006 and revolving credit bank debt incurred to fund various
activities.
Interest expense for the first quarter of 2001 increased by $0.9
million to $7.0 million, a 14% increase over the prior year comparable period.

The increase is due to higher average interest rates charged and additional
borrowings outstanding under the credit facility related largely to property
acquisitions.
The higher interest costs are partially offset by additional
amounts capitalized during the current year quarter.
The total amount of
interest capitalized during the first quarter of 2001 was $1.6 million compared
to $1.2 million capitalized in the prior year first quarter.

     
Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes.  
Belco's reported pre-tax income for the
first quarter of 2001 was $49.8 million.
This compares to a pre-tax loss of
$18.0 million reported for the first quarter of 2000.
The substantial increase
over the prior year first quarter is largely the result of recording non-cash
mark-to-market unrealized CPRM gains as required by current accounting rules.
In
the prior year first quarter, Belco was required to report non-cash
mark-to-market unrealized CPRM losses.

     Income Taxes.  
For the first quarter of 2001, income tax expense of $17.4
million was recorded while income tax benefits in the amount of $4.9 million
were recorded in the prior year comparable period.
Belco does not expect to pay
any significant cash taxes during the current calendar year in connection with
its operating activities due to the availability of federal income tax loss
carry-forwards.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- YEAR ENDED 1999 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED 2000

     Revenues.  
Oil and natural gas sales revenues for the year 2000, net of
hedging activities, increased $57.5 million, or 41% to $199.4 million when
compared to the prior year, primarily the result of both higher production and
higher commodity prices.
Natural gas production increased 3% over the prior
year.
Average Mcfe price realizations, net of hedging activities, increased by
32% when compared to last year's price realizations.
Natural gas production
represented approximately 63% of total production on an Mcfe basis compared to
the 66% reported for 1999.
Oil production increased by 14% over the prior year
due to property acquisitions and newly drilled well additions during the year,
less oil producing properties sold.

     
CPRM activities, including hedged and non-hedged transactions, for the year
2000 resulted in reported revenue reductions of $92.2 million in actual cash
settlements paid compared to incremental revenues of $0.2 million received in
the prior year.
In addition, $103.6 million in non-cash mark-to-market
unrealized future losses related to CPRM activities were recorded under costs
and expenses in compliance with current accounting rules.
In the prior year,
Belco reported $34.1 million in non-cash mark-to-market unrealized losses.

     Costs and Expenses.  
Production and operating expenses for the year 2000
increased by 11% to $33.3 million compared to $29.9 million reported in the
prior year.
The increase was related to the addition of wells, both acquired and
drilled, in the current year.
On an equivalent unit basis, lifting costs were
$0.52 per Mcfe for the year 2000 compared to $0.49 per Mcfe in 1999.
Production
taxes were $0.22

and $0.16 per Mcfe for the years 2000 and 1999, respectively, with the increase
related to higher commodity prices.

     
DD&A for the year 2000 increased $2.5 million to $56.7 million when
compared to the $54.2 million recorded in the prior year due to higher
production volumes.
The annual DD&A rate per Mcfe was $0.88, a 2% decline as
compared to the prior year when $0.90 per Mcfe was recorded.

     
G&A costs increased by 32% in 2000 to $6.5 million when compared to the
$4.9 million incurred in 1999.
The increase was principally due to reduced
amounts charged to the full cost pool.
The G&A costs per Mcfe increased from
$0.08 to $0.10.

     
Interest expense is incurred on $147 million of 8 7/8% senior subordinated
notes due 2007 issued in September 1997, $109 million of 10 1/2% notes assumed
in Belco's acquisition of Cody Energy, Inc. in November 1997 and bank debt
incurred to fund various activities.
Interest expense for the year 2000
increased by $4.2 million to $25.3 million, a 20% increase over the $21.0
million incurred in the prior year.
The increase is due to higher interest rates
charged and additional borrowings outstanding under Belco's credit facility
related to property acquisitions.
The higher interest costs were partially
offset by additional amounts capitalized during the current year.

     
Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes.  
Belco's reported loss before income tax
benefits for the year 2000 was $73.5 million.
This compares to a pre-tax loss of
$13.2 million reported for the year 1999.
The 2000 and 1999 reported losses are
the result of recognizing the required non-cash mark-to-market unrealized CPRM
losses as required by current accounting rules.
Excluding the effect of the
non-cash mark-to-market unrealized CPRM losses, Belco had income before income
taxes of $30.1 million and $20.9 million for the years 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

     Income Taxes.  
Income tax benefits were recorded for the year 2000 in the
amount of $25.7 million as a result of the reported pre-tax loss.
The benefit
for income taxes for 1999 was $4.6 million.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- YEAR ENDED 1999 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED 1998

     Revenues.  
Oil and natural gas sales revenues for the year 1999, net of
hedging activities, increased 9% to $141.9 million compared to $129.9 million
realized in 1998.
The year over year increase is due to higher commodity prices
and higher natural gas production partially offset by lower crude oil
production.
In 1999, weighted average oil prices realized, net of hedging,
totaled $19.25 per barrel, a 20% increase when compared to the $16.09 realized
in 1998.
The natural gas weighted average prices realized, net of hedging,
increased by 13% from $1.69 in 1998 to $1.91 in 1999.
Average daily production
volume in 1999 on an Mcfe basis declined by 3% to 165 Mmcfe/d.

     CPRM activities, including hedged and non-hedged transactions, increased
revenues by $0.2 million in the year 1999 and $5.9 million in 1998.
In addition,
a $34.1 million charge and a ($18.9) million reduction was recorded in 1999 and
1998, respectively, under costs and expenses representing non-cash
mark-to-market unrealized future losses or (gains) related to CPRM activities in
compliance with current accounting rules.

     
Costs and Expenses.  
Production and operating expenses declined to $39.2
million or 4% in 1999 when compared to the $40.8 million incurred during 1998.

The decrease is identified with cost reduction efforts in response to lower
commodity prices realized in the first half of 1999 combined with the
implementation of other operating efficiencies on newly operated properties
located in Wyoming.
On a unit basis, operating costs were $0.65 per Mcfe for
1999 compared to $0.66 per Mcfe for 1998, including production taxes.

     
DD&A costs for the year totaled $54.2 million when compared to the $56.1
million recorded for the prior year.
The DD&A rate for the year was unchanged at
$0.90 per Mcfe.
For the year 1998, Belco also recorded $229 million ($149
million after-tax) in non-cash ceiling test provisions as required by full-cost
accounting rules.
The provisions were the result of applying substantially lower
commodity prices to estimated recoverable reserves.

     
G&A costs declined by 5% during 1999 to $4.9 million when compared to the
$5.2 million incurred in 1998.
The decrease is primarily due to the cost
controls implemented in response to lower commodity prices.
The rate per Mcfe
for such costs was unchanged at $0.08 for both years.
Exploration related G&A
expenses for 1999 in the amount of $5.5 million have been capitalized to oil and
natural gas property accounts.
The decrease of $0.7 million when compared to
1998 comparable capitalized amount of $6.2 million principally reflects reduced
exploration activities.

     
Interest expense is incurred on $150 million of the 8 7/8% senior
subordinated notes due 2007 issued in September 1997, $109 million of the
10 1/2% senior subordinated notes due 2006 and bank debt incurred under Belco's
revolving credit facility.
Net interest costs incurred for the year 1999 totaled
$25.9 million, with approximately $4.9 million of this total capitalized to
property accounts.
The 1999 net total interest cost declined modestly when
compared to 1998 when net total interest costs were $26.1 million, with $5.1
million capitalized.

     
As a result of the substantial decline in the market value of Big Bear
Exploration Ltd., or Big Bear, securities acquired in June 1998, impairment
provisions were $450,000 and $9.7 million recorded by Belco in 1999 and 1998,
respectively.
See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for additional details
related to the Big Bear investment.

     
Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes.  
Belco's reported loss before income tax
benefits for the year 1999 was $13.2 million.
This compares to a loss of $225.7
million reported in 1998.
The substantially lower loss reported for 1999
reflects improved commodity prices and the absence of non-cash ceiling test and
securities impairment provisions of $229.0 million and $24.2 million,
respectively, reported in 1998.

     
Income Taxes.  
Income tax benefits were recorded for 1999 in the amount of
$4.6 million and $78.1 million for 1998 as a result of reported pre-tax losses.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     General.  
In September 1997, Belco entered into a five-year $150 million
Credit Agreement dated September 23, 1997 with The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.,
as administrative agent and other lending institutions.
In June 2000, the credit
facility was amended and restated and now provides for an aggregate principal
amount of revolving loans of up to the lesser of $250 million or a defined
borrowing base in effect from time to time, includes a sub-facility for letters
of credit and expires in January 2004.
The borrowing base at March 31, 2001 was
$200 million with $149.2 million advanced at that date.
Additionally, there were
letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $10.0 million in connection with
CPRM activities.
The borrowing base is redetermined by the agent and the
participating banks semi-annually based upon their usual and customary oil and
natural gas lending criteria as such exist from time to time.
In addition, Belco
may request two additional redeterminations and the banks may request one
additional redetermination per year.
Belco's indebtedness under the credit
facility is secured by a pledge of the common stock of each of Belco's material
subsidiaries.

     
Indebtedness under the credit facility bears interest at a floating rate
based (at Belco's option) upon (1) the ABR with respect to ABR Loans or (2) the
Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the credit facility) for one, two, three or six
months (or nine or twelve months if available to the banks)
Eurodollar Loans (as
defined in the credit facility), plus the Applicable Margin.
The ABR is the
greater of (1) the Prime Rate (as defined in the credit facility), (2) the Base
CD Rate (as defined in the credit facility) plus 1% or (3) the Federal Funds
Effective Rate (as defined in the credit facility) plus 0.50%.
The Applicable
Margin for Eurodollar Loans varies from 1.125% to 1.625% depending on the
borrowing base usage.
Borrowing base usage is determined by a ratio of (1)
outstanding Loans (as defined in the credit facility) and letters of credit to
(2) the then effective borrowing base.
Interest on ABR Loans is payable
quarterly in arrears and interest on Eurodollar Loans is payable on the last day
of the interest period therefore and, if longer than three months, at three
month intervals.

     
Belco is required to pay to the banks a commitment fee based on the lesser
of the unused available aggregate commitments or the unused available then
effective borrowing base during a quarterly period equal to a percent that
varies from 0.25% to 0.50% depending on the borrowing base usage.

     
Belco entered into interest rate swap agreements converting two long-term
debt fixed rate obligations to floating rate obligations as follows:

                                       TRANSACTION
AGREEMENT AMOUNT                          DATE       FIXED RATE   FLOATING RATE        RE-SET DATE
- ----------------                       -----------   ----------   -------------        -----------

$100 million.........................     12/97        8.875%         8.875%      September 17, 2001(a)
$85 million..........................     12/97       10.500%        11.625%      October 1, 2000(a)
$50 million..........................     01/98        8.875%         8.875%      September 17, 2001(a)

- ---------------

(a)  Floating rate is redetermined at each six month period following the
     expiration through September 15, 2007 and is currently capped at rates
     indicated.


The agreements obligate Belco to actually pay the indicated floating rate rather
than the original fixed rate.
The floating rates are capped at 8 7/8% through
September 15, 2001 and at 10% from March 15, 2002 through September 15, 2007 on
the 8 7/8% Notes and capped at 11.625% from April 1, 2000 through April 2003 on
the 10 1/2% Notes.

     
Belco's board of directors has authorized the purchase from time to time,
in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, shares of Belco
common stock and 6 1/2% convertible preferred stock, in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $10 million.
The current $10 million authorization is in addition to
the $10 million that was exhausted in December 1999.
During the year 2000, Belco
purchased 20,700 shares of its preferred stock for a total cost of $0.3 million
pursuant to the existing authorization.

     
Additionally, from January 1, 2000 through March 31, 2001, Belco exchanged
950,900 shares of its 6 1/2% convertible preferred stock for 1,691,950 shares of
Belco common stock.
The liquidation preference of the preferred stock that was
exchanged was $23.8 million.

     
In December 2000, Belco closed a $9.8 million acquisition of oil and
natural gas properties adding approximately 18.6 Bcfe of proved reserves to its
reserve base.
The transaction was financed through additional borrowings under
the credit facility.

     
In August 2000, Belco sold its interest in some North Texas oil properties,
including 436 producing wells for $10.1 million in cash and retained a
volumetric production payment, which Belco values at approximately $5.0 million.

     
In April 2000, Belco closed a $24.1 million acquisition of oil and natural
gas properties, adding approximately 51 Bcfe of proved reserves to its reserve
base.
The transaction was financed through additional borrowings under the
credit facility.

     
In February 2000, Belco closed a $41.6 million acquisition of oil and
natural gas properties expected to add approximately 2,400 Bcfe/d to the
existing production base.
The transaction was financed through additional
borrowings under Belco's revolving credit facility.

     
In January 2000, Belco purchased $3 million face value of its 8 7/8% senior
subordinated notes due 2007 at a discount in the open market resulting in a
modest gain.

     Cash Flow.  
Belco's principal sources of cash are operating cash flow and
bank borrowings.
Cash flow from operating activities for the first quarter of
2001 was $17.6 million, slightly below the prior year first quarter when $18.3
million was realized.
The decrease is the result of lower production volumes and
higher costs.
Cash flow from operating activities for 2000 was $86.7 million, an
11% increase over the prior year when $78.0 million was realized.
The increase
is the result of higher production volumes and higher commodity prices.

     
Net cash used in investing activities for the first quarter of 2001 and
2000 was $26.7 and $60.1 million, respectively.
Investing activities for these
periods include oil and natural gas property additions (exclusive of
acquisitions) in the amount of $26.7 million and $19.3 million for 2001 and
2000, respectively.
Net cash used in investing activities for the years 2000 and
1999 were $175.3 and $74.5 million, respectively.
Investing activities for these
periods include oil and natural gas property acquisitions in the amount of $79.5
million and $18.1 million for 2000 and 1999, respectively.
In addition,
investing activities generally include exploration and development activities
and proceeds from the sale of properties or other assets.

     
Net cash provided by financing activities for the first quarter of 2001 and
2000 was $7.0 million and $45.2 million, respectively.
Net debt increased by
$95.3 million related to property acquisitions during 2000.
Net cash provided
(used) by financing activities for the years 2000 and 1999 were $89.1 million
and ($3.8) million, respectively.
Net debt increased by $95.3 million primarily
related to property acquisitions.
Cash flow from operations and the disposition
of assets funded drilling and other operating activities during the current
year, including preferred dividends paid.

     
Belco's credit facility and the indentures governing its subordinated debt
restrict the payments of dividends.
As a result of reporting substantial
unrealized non-cash mark-to-market losses required by existing accounting rules,
dividends on Belco's preferred stock may be limited or prohibited by the
restrictions contained in Belco's 10 1/2% bond indenture.
Payment of the March
2001 dividend on Belco's preferred stock was permitted.
Subsequent dividends
will be contingent upon the sale of equity interests or sufficient net income to
restore dividend payment capacity under the indenture.
Reported first quarter
2001 net income, as defined in the 10 1/2% bond indenture, was not sufficient to
restore this dividend payment capacity at this time and the Belco board of
directors did not declare a preferred dividend at its most recent board meeting
and it is unlikely it will do so for the time being.

     
Capital Expenditures.  
Net capital expended by Belco during the first
quarter of 2001 and year 2000 totaled $26.7 million and $175.3 million,
including $79.5 million identified with the acquisition of properties and
property dispositions of $11.5 million, respectively.

     
Belco intends to fund its future capital expenditures, commitments and
working capital requirements through cash flows from operations, borrowings
under the credit facility or other potential financings, including the sale of
equity or debt securities.
If there are changes in oil and natural gas prices
that correspondingly affect cash flows and the borrowing base under the credit
facility, Belco has the discretion and ability to adjust its capital budget.

Belco believes that it will have sufficient capital resources and liquidity to
fund its capital expenditures and meet all of its financial obligations through
the end of 2001.

     
Belco's capital expenditure budget for 2001 is $90 million exclusive of
potential acquisitions.
Approximately 75% of the budget will be dedicated
towards development projects and approximately 25% towards exploratory projects.

Belco's budget is highly discretionary and capital may be reallocated as
necessary in order to pursue attractive opportunities.
The budget may also be
increased during 2001 if commodity prices remain strong throughout the year.

Belco does not specifically budget for acquisition activities due to the
uncertainty of potential opportunities.

     
Commodity Price Risk Management Transactions.  
Certain of Belco's CPRM
arrangements require Belco to deliver cash collateral or other assurances of
performance to the counterparties in the event that Belco's payment obligations
with respect to its CPRM transactions exceed certain levels.
Two of the inherent
risks of a price risk management program are margin requirements and
collateralization.
Certain transactions may be subject to margin calls under
certain conditions including change of ownership control, rating agency activity
or default.
As of March 31, 2001 Belco's current collateral requirement is $10.0
million in letters of credit.
Management believes that Belco's borrowing
capacity under its credit facility will allow it to be responsive to any
additional collateral calls.

     
With the primary objective of achieving more predictable revenues and cash
flows, Belco has entered into CPRM transactions of various kinds with respect to
both oil and natural gas.
While the use of certain of these price risk
management arrangements limits the downside risk of adverse price movements, it
may

also limit future revenues from favorable price movements.
Belco engages in
transactions such as selling options, which are marked-to-market at the end of
the relevant accounting period.
Since the futures market historically has been
highly volatile, these fluctuations may cause significant impact on the results
of any given accounting period.
Belco has entered into price risk management
transactions with respect to approximately 63% of its gas equivalent estimated
production for the year 2001 and substantially lesser portions of its estimated
equivalent production thereafter.
Belco continues to evaluate whether to enter
into additional price risk management transactions for future years.
Belco
expects to reduce the current amount of price risk management contracts to
largely phase out such transactions that it has in place over the next 12 to 18
months in an effort to limit its future exposure to the mark-to-market
accounting rules requiring the immediate recognition of non-cash unrealized
gains and losses that cause large unpredictable swings in reported results of
operations, related earnings per share and shareholder equity.
In addition,
Belco may determine from time to time to unwind its then existing price risk
management positions as part of its price risk management strategy.

     
A summary of Belco's approximate current committed volumes and prices by
year, assuming the New York Mercantile Exchange, or NYMEX, forward curve
reference prices for oil and natural gas as of March 31, 2001 is as follows:

                                                                   VOLUME AVERAGE
                                                              -------------------------
                                                                               REALIZED
                                                              YEAR   PER DAY    PRICE
                                                              ----   -------   --------

Oil -- Barrels per day......................................  2001*   6,100     $19.49
                                                              2002    3,300     $21.83
                                                              2003    2,100     $19.93
Gas -- Mmbtu per day........................................  2001*  70,000     $ 2.09
                                                              2002   37,000     $ 3.09
                                                              2003    7,500     $ 3,78

- ---------------

*
Last nine months of 2001.

     
Belco expects to incur additional hedge and non-hedge related cash
settlement costs through calendar year 2001, assuming commodity prices remain at
current levels.
This cash settlement amount is estimated at approximately $70
million utilizing the March 31, 2001 forward price curve applied to volumes of
oil and natural gas expected to be produced during the nine month period ending
December 31, 2001.
This estimated amount may increase or decrease if commodity
prices rise or decline from the current levels used in developing this estimate.

As cash settlements are made on volumes produced, no additional losses are
expected to be recorded, unless actual prices increase above estimated future
prices used in the December 31, 2000 mark-to-market calculation.
Subsequent to
March 31, 2001, natural gas futures prices have declined and if such conditions
persist, Belco will be required to record mark-to-market unrealized gains
representing a reversal of previously reported mark-to-market unrealized losses.

No estimate of future mark-to-market unrealized gains or losses are determinable
as such amounts are contingent upon commodity prices at the end of each calendar
quarter.

     
In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, or SFAS 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities" which was amended by Financial Accounting
Standard No. 138, or SFAS 138, in June 1999.
SFAS 133 establishes accounting and
reporting standards requiring that every derivative instrument, including
certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, be recorded in the
balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value.
It
also requires that changes in the derivative's fair value be recognized
currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met.
Special
accounting for qualifying hedges allows derivatives gains and losses to offset
related results on the hedged item in the income statement, and requires that a
company must formally document, designate, and assess the effectiveness of
transactions that receive hedge accounting.
Belco adopted SFAS 133 on January 1,
2001, the effective date as amended by SFAS 138.
SFAS 133 will increase
volatility of stockholder's equity, reported earnings

(losses) and other comprehensive income.
The impact of compliance with SFAS 133
on the financial statements was that we recorded an additional $17.5 million in
current assets, $2.0 million in non-current assets, $43.0 million in current
liabilities and $12.7 million in non-current liabilities related to Belco's
existing oil and natural gas hedges based on the forward price curve in effect
at December 31, 2000.
These contracts qualified for hedge accounting treatment
under SFAS 133.
The total potential net liability of $36.2 million ($23.5
million net of tax) related to qualifying hedge instruments was charged to Other
Comprehensive Income and appears in the equity section of the balance sheet.

After adoption, Belco was required to recognize any hedge ineffectiveness in the
income statement which resulted in a charge of $347,000 for the three months
ended March 31, 2001.
In addition, Belco has three interest rate swaps that were
affected by SFAS 133.
These swaps did not qualify for hedge accounting and as a
result, Belco recorded an additional $6.6 million ($4.3 million net of tax) in
non-current liabilities with the offsetting charge to the income statement.


OTHER

     Environmental Matters.  
Belco's operations are subject to various federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the
environment, which have become increasingly stringent.
Belco believes that its
current operations are compliant in all material respects with current
environmental laws and regulations.
There are no material environmental claims
pending or, to Belco's knowledge, threatened against Belco.
Belco can give no
assurance, however, that current regulatory requirements will not change,
currently unforeseen environmental incidents will not occur or past
noncompliance with environmental laws will not be discovered on Belco's
properties.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Belco's market risk exposures relate primarily to commodity prices and
interest rates.
Belco enters into various transactions involving commodity price
risk management activities involving a variety of derivatives instruments to
hedge the impact of crude oil and natural gas price fluctuations.
In addition,
Belco entered into interest rate swap agreements to reduce current interest
burdens related to its fixed long-term debt.
Belco does not enter into
derivative instruments for trading purposes.

     
The derivatives commodity price instruments are generally put in place to
limit the risk of adverse oil and natural gas price movements, however, such
instruments can limit future gains resulting from upward favorable oil and
natural gas price movements.
Recognition of both realized and unrealized gains
or losses are reported currently in Belco's financial statements as required by
existing generally accepted accounting principles.
The cash flow impact of all
derivative related transactions is reflected as cash flows from operating
activities.

     
As of March 31, 2001, Belco had substantial derivative financial
instruments outstanding and related to its price risk management program.
See
Footnotes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements of Belco "Commodity
Price Risk Management Activities" and "Fair Value of Financial Instruments" for
complete details on Belco's oil and natural gas related transactions in effect
as of March 31, 2001.
Transactions subsequent to March 31, 2001 were not
significant.

     
The table below provides information related to Belco's interest rate swaps
on long-term debt obligations.
For interest rate swaps, the table presents
notional amounts and approximate weighted average interest rates by contractual
maturity dates.
Notional amounts are used to calculate the contractual payments
to be exchanged under the agreements in place.
For more information on Belco's
interest rate swaps, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of Belco Oil & Gas Corp. -- Liquidity and
Capital Resources."

                                            EXPECTED MATURITY DATE                 FAIR VALUE AS OF MARCH 31,
                                   -----------------------------------------   
----------------------------------
                                     2001       2002       2003       2004     THEREAFTER    TOTAL         2001
                                   --------   --------   --------   --------   ----------   --------     
--------
                                                                   (IN THOUSANDS)

Liabilities
  Bank credit facility...........        --         --         --   $149,200          --    $149,200     $149,200
  Belco 8.875% Notes.............        --         --         --         --    $147,000    $147,000(1)  $142,590
  Belco 10.500% Notes............        --         --         --         --    $109,000    $109,000(2)  $110,635
Interest Rate Swaps:
  Fixed to Variable..............  $235,000   $235,000   $235,000   $150,000                             $ (4,939)

- ---------------

(1) Notes mature 2007

(2) Notes mature 2006

                            INFORMATION ABOUT BELCO

OVERVIEW

     Belco is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration for, and
the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of, natural gas and
oil in the United States, primarily in the Rocky Mountains, the Gulf Coast, the
Permian Basin and the Mid-Continent region.
Since inception in April 1992, Belco
has grown its reserve base through a program of acquisitions, exploration,
exploitation and development drilling.
Focusing in core areas allows Belco to
accumulate detailed geologic and geophysical knowledge, significant operational
efficiencies and technical expertise.

     
Belco has achieved substantial growth in reserves, production, revenues and
EBITDA since 1992.
Belco's estimated proved reserves have increased at a
compound annual growth rate of 35%, from 67 Bcfe as of December 31, 1992 to 726
Bcfe as of December 31, 2000, with a reserve life index of approximately 11.3
years based on 2000 production.
Average daily production has increased from four
Mmcfe per day in 1992 to approximately 176 Mmcfe/d in 2000.
Similarly, the
growth in Belco's EBITDA has been substantial, increasing from $2.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 1992 to $112.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2000.
Belco's low cost structure is evidenced by its general and
administrative expenses of $0.10 per Mcfe and lease operating expenses and
production taxes of $0.74 per Mcfe in 2000.

     
At December 31, 2000, Belco had estimated proved reserves of 726 Bcfe with
a pre-tax future net revenues discounted at 10% of $2,256 million based on NYMEX
prices of $25.50 per barrel of oil and $9.53 per Mmbtu of natural gas.
As of
December 31, 2000, Belco held or controlled approximately 1.8 million gross
(703,000 net) undeveloped acres and had an interest in approximately 2,460 gross
(1,068 net) oil and natural gas wells of which Belco operated 1,167.


PRIMARY OPERATING AREAS

     Belco's operations are currently focused in the following core operating
areas:

     - Belco's Rocky Mountain gas operations are currently focused in the Green
       River, Wind River and Big Horn Basins.
Oil is targeted in North Dakota in
       the Mission Canyon and Lodgepole horizons.

     - The Gulf Coast region includes drilling horizontal wells to develop the
       Austin Chalk and the Georgetown formations in Texas and the exploitation
       of tight Cotton Valley sands in northern Louisiana.

     - Belco's Permian Basin and Mid-Continent activities concentrate on
       exploiting proven properties through secondary recovery operations, the
       drilling of development wells or infill wells, workovers, recompletions
       in other productive zones and other exploitation techniques.
Belco has
       ongoing secondary recovery/infill drilling programs on many of the
       properties within these two core areas.

     
The following table sets forth information, as of December 31, 2000, with
respect to Belco's estimated net proved reserves by operating area.
Miller and
Lents, Ltd., its independent petroleum engineers, made independent estimates
covering approximately 84% of Belco's net equivalent Mcf reserves and confirmed
Belco's estimates are in accordance with SEC's guidelines.

                 
ESTIMATED PROVED RESERVES AT DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                                                               GAS       PERCENT OF
                                                        OIL        GAS      EQUIVALENT     PROVED
                                                      (Mbbls)   (Mmcf)(1)    (Mmcfe)      RESERVES
                                                      -------   
---------   ----------   
----------

Rocky Mountains.....................................   6,668     108,382     148,390         20%
Gulf Coast..........................................   1,786     184,451     195,167         27%
Permian Basin.......................................  37,646      50,698     276,574         38%
Mid-Continent.......................................  11,391      37,792     106,138         15%
                                                      ------     
-------     -------        
----
          Total.....................................  57,491     381,323     726,269        100%
                                                      ======     =======     =======        ====

- ---------------

(1) Includes natural gas liquids.


ROCKY MOUNTAINS

     Approximately 20% of Belco's estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2000
were located in its Rocky Mountains core area.

     
Wyoming.  
Belco maintains a significant acreage position where it conducts
an ongoing exploration and development program.
In June 1992, Belco commenced a
development drilling program in the Moxa Arch Trend (Green River Basin) pursuant
to a farmout from Amoco.
In 1996, Belco significantly expanded its acreage and
exploration activities by acquiring the rights to approximately 750,000 gross
(250,000 net) acres in the Green River, Wind River and Big Horn Basins in
Wyoming, which lie north and east of the Moxa Arch Trend.
At December 31, 2000,
Belco controlled approximately 1,165,000 gross (363,269 net) undeveloped acres
in these three basins.

     - Moxa Arch Trend.  
One of Belco's primary operating areas is the Moxa Arch
       Trend located in the Green River Basin in southwestern Wyoming,
       principally in Lincoln, Sweetwater and Uinta Counties.
Approximately 13%
       of Belco's estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2000 were located in
       this trend.
Belco participates in vertical gas wells in this area, which
       target the Frontier and/or Dakota formations at depths that range from
       approximately 10,000 to 12,500 feet.
The Frontier formation is a
       relatively blanket "tight gas sand" formation, while the Dakota
       formation, beneath the Frontier, tends to be a more prolific, but less
       predictable, channel sand.
Production from Moxa Arch wells, particularly
       from the Frontier formation, tends to be long-lived, with 25 to 30 year
       reserve lives not uncommon.

      
Through 2000, Belco had participated in 256 gross (91 net) wells in this
      field with 183 Frontier wells, 18 Dakota wells and 55 dual completions
      where both Frontier and Dakota are completed in the same well bore.
      
Average net production for the year ended December 31, 2000, was
      approximately 22 Mmcfe/d. Forty-seven of Belco's gross wells drilled in
      1992 qualified for the Section 29 Tax Credit of approximately $0.59 per
      Mcf, which is attributable to all qualified production from these wells
      through 2002.
See "-- Section 29 Tax Credit" set forth below.
Belco
      drilled 27 gross wells (15.8 net) in 2000 and anticipates drilling
      approximately 18 gross wells in 2001.
See "-- Regulation -- Environmental
      Regulation" set forth below.

     - Green River, Wind River and Big Horn Basins.  
Effective November 1, 1996,
       Belco entered into an agreement with Andex Partners and Andover Partners
       to conduct exploratory operations in the Green River and Wind River
       Basins of Wyoming.
Under the agreement, Belco committed to spend a
       minimum of $20 million, which commitment was satisfied as of October 1,
       2000, on seismic, leasing and exploratory activities through December 31,
       2001 and has earned rights to a 50%

       interest in approximately 300,000 net acres.
Anadarko and Yates Petroleum
       Corporation operate most of the acreage.

      
During 2000, Belco participated in four development wells in the Tipton
      project in Sweetwater County, Wyoming.
These wells target Mesa Verde sands
      at depths from 9,000 to 10,500 feet.
Yates, the operator of these wells,
      plans 16 additional wells in 2001.
Belco has approximately a 19% average
      working interest in this development.

      
Effective December 31, 1996, Belco entered into two joint development
      agreements with Snyder Oil Company, now Devon Energy Corp. pursuant to
      which Belco has acquired a 50% interest in approximately 87,321 net acres
      in the Wind River Basin of Wyoming and 110,859 net acres in the Big Horn
      Basin of Wyoming.
Under such agreements, Devon is the operator.
A total of
      eight wells have been drilled to date on this acreage.

      
In June 1997, Belco entered into a participation agreement with Tom Brown,
      Inc. and Andover Partners covering an approximate one million acre area of
      mutual interest, or AMI, in the Big Horn Basin and acquired an interest in
      an initial 100,000 gross (25,000 net) acres.
Belco plans to continue
      acquiring additional leases in the Big Horn Basin.

      
Belco expects to participate in a series of exploratory wells in these
      basins over the next 12 to 24 months with Anadarko, Devon, Tom Brown and
      Yates serving as operators for most wells.
The wells will target multiple
      formations, with the Mesa Verde and Frontier formation the most frequent
      targets.
If initial results are successful, these projects hold the
      potential for multi-well developmental drilling programs for Belco over
      the next several years.

     
North Dakota.  
Effective March 1, 2000, Belco acquired interests in the
Stadium, Livestock, Subdivision and Eland units producing from the Lodgepole
formation in Stark County, North Dakota.
Belco operates the five well Stadium
unit and both of the neighboring one well units, Subdivision and Livestock.
In
1999, Belco began leasing acreage on a series of Mission Canyon prospects within
30 miles of these Stark County units.
The first wells were drilled in 2000 and
development will continue in 2001 on the four discoveries made to date.

     - Stadium Unit.  
Belco has a 51% working interest in the Stadium unit.
The
       discovery well was drilled in 1996 and encountered a total of 150 feet of
       oil pay in a 300-foot thick carbonate reef.
A total of five wells were
       drilled prior to the acquisition.
The deepest well was converted to a
       water injector in 1998 to maintain pressures, and the unit has averaged
       over 4,000 gross Bbl/d from 4 wells since mid-1999.

     - Mission Canyon.  
Belco has acquired more than 75,000 net acres in four
       separate prospects targeting thin oil productive zones in the Mission
       Canyon interval.
Other operators recognized these zones in the past in
       several vertical wells, but often could not complete them economically
       because nearby wet zones would also produce along with the oil.
Belco
       believed the use of horizontal wells would decrease the tendency for
       water production from the underlying intervals.
The first horizontal well
       was drilled in December 1999, and through December 2000, a total of 16
       wells had been drilled with a success ratio of 75%.
The typical well is
       drilled to approximately 9,600 feet vertical depth and has a 5,000-foot
       lateral within a 640-acre unit.
Crooked Canyon, the most drilled
       prospect, has ten wells drilled within a 15 square mile area.
The Rocky
       Hill discovery has three wells, the North Treetop discovery has two
       wells, and the Manning discovery has one well.
Belco has a 100% interest
       in all but the Manning well where its interest is 50%.
Belco expects to
       drill at least 10 wells in 2001.


GULF COAST

     Approximately 27% of Belco's estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2000
were located in its Gulf Coast core area.

     Giddings Field.  
Approximately 17% of Belco's estimated total proved
reserves at December 31, 2000 were located in the Giddings field of east central
Texas, principally in Grimes, Washington and Fayette Counties.
To date, the
primary producing zone in the Giddings field has been the Austin Chalk
formation, a fractured carbonate formation that has been highly conducive to the
application of horizontal drilling technology.
The Austin Chalk formation is
encountered in this field at depths ranging between approximately 7,000 and
17,000 feet.
The Georgetown formation, approximately 300 to 500 feet below the
base of the Austin Chalk, has been a secondary objective in the field.
Recent
success targeting the Georgetown formation indicates it may be the main
objective for future development in the field.

     
Belco first acquired interests in the Giddings field in September 1992.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, average net production from this field
was approximately 56 Mmcfe/d.
Through December 31, 2000, Belco had drilled 265
gross (88 net) wells in this field and continues to control approximately
203,000 gross (60,500 net) undeveloped acres in this area.
Belco currently
divides the Giddings field into two prospect areas: (1) Navasota River,
primarily in Grimes County and (2) Independence, primarily in Washington County.

Belco expects to drill new wells, including infill wells, and re-enter older
wells to drill additional laterals in the Giddings field.
Currently, a majority
of Belco's interests in this field are held pursuant to agreements with and are
operated by Chesapeake Energy Corporation and, to a lesser extent, Anadarko.

     
Five wells were drilled in the Independence area in 2000.
Four of the wells
continued the Austin Chalk development of the Brenham dome area that began in
1998.
The fifth well was a re-entry of the Ricks 1-H. It targeted the lower
Georgetown formation and produced at an initial rate of 40 Mmcfd.
The Georgetown
will be the target for most of the seven wells planned in 2001 for Independence.

     
While not expected to have the high initial rates indicated by the Ricks
1-H, the Navasota area also has potential for additional Georgetown wells.
Belco
plans approximately five wells for this area in 2001.

     
Belco believes that its success in the Giddings field is attributable to
three principal factors:

     - continued technological advances in horizontal drilling have
       significantly lowered finding and development costs in the field;

     - the geological setting of the deeper downdip areas of the field has
       created more extensive fracturing than in other areas of the Texas Austin
       Chalk Trend; and

     - Belco's acquisition program in cooperation with other operators has
       permitted the creation of larger spacing units, thus reducing possible
       competition for reserves from offsetting wells.


As a result of these factors, Belco's deeper downdip wells have, on average,
produced greater reserves per well than average wells in other areas of the
Texas Austin Chalk Trend.

     
The majority of Belco's acreage in the Giddings field was classified as a
tight formation or deep wells by the Texas Railroad Commission.
Wells spud
between May 1989 and September 1996 are exempt from the 7.5% state severance tax
on high cost natural gas through August 2001.
See "-- Texas Severance Tax
Abatement" set forth below.

     
Elm Grove.  
Effective January 1, 2000, Belco acquired an approximate 37%
working interest in 20 wells in the Elm Grove field in Caddo and Bossier
Parishes in Northern Louisiana.
The operator, J.W. Operating, drilled the 20
wells in 17 sections to extend the Cotton Valley production downdip from the
mature Caspiana field.
In addition to the Cotton Valley at 9,500 feet, shallower
secondary zones include the Hosston and Rodessa intervals.

     
Through December 2000, Belco has participated in drilling 33 gross wells
(12 net wells).
Belco's net production has increased from 5 Mmcfd at the time of
the acquisition to approximately 10 Mmcfd as of December 2000.
A three to four
rig drilling program is planned in 2001, with the drilling of approximately 42
wells.
Belco plans to drill most of these wells on 160 acre spacing with the
remainder on 80 acre spacing.
Other fields in the area have been successfully
downspaced to 80 acre patterns, and the potential exists for similar spacing
throughout Belco's Elm Grove acreage.

     
In addition, the quality of the Hosston sands increases significantly in
parts of the field to merit dual completions or separate wells.
Five of the
wells drilled in 2000 were drilled with Hosston objectives.


PERMIAN BASIN

     Approximately 38% of Belco's estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2000
were located in its Permian Basin core area.
These reserves are concentrated in
the Andrews Unit, the Shafter Lake San Andres Unit and the Nolley Wolfcamp Unit.

     
Belco's Permian Basin properties produce primarily from either the
Grayburg/San Andres formation, at an average depth of 4,500 feet, or the
Wolfcamp/Penn formation at an average depth of 9,000 feet.
Most of the
properties that produce from these horizons are under secondary recovery, and,
based on analogous properties nearby, are potentially responsive to CO(2)
miscible flooding.
Given the existence of nearby CO(2) pipelines, Belco believes
many of its properties in the Permian Basin region contain significant upside
potential based on application of enhanced recovery methods and deeper drilling
which could add to existing reserves.

     
A significant portion of Belco's total estimated proved reserves in the
Permian Basin region lie in Andrews County, Texas.
Belco produced approximately
3,000 gross Bbl/d in Andrews County, and realized significant advantages as a
result of its large-scale operation.
Belco owns two electrical distribution
systems and three saltwater gathering and disposal systems.
Belco has several
yards for both the storage of equipment and the staging of new development
projects.
Two of Belco's larger production facilities connect into a water
supply system with excess capacity for expanding existing or initiating new
secondary and enhanced recovery projects.
Belco believes that these systems and
facilities provide it with a competitive advantage in acquiring additional
operated properties in Andrews County.

     
Belco's largest, by value, Permian Basin units are the Andrews Unit and the
Shafter Lake San Andres Unit.

     Andrews Unit.  
The Andrews Unit produces from the Wolfcamp/Penn formation
at approximately 8,600 feet.
Belco has a 98.6% working interest in this 3,230
acre unit.
Water injection began in late 1996 with the first response occurring
in late 1998.
Gross production in 2000 averaged 860 Bbl/d with injection of over
5,300 barrels of water per day.
During 2000 Belco continued expansion of the
waterflood by drilling one producer and two injectors, converting three
additional wells to injection, re-entering a plugged well for injection and
performing 13 workovers.
The conversion and workover activity will continue in
2001 with the planned drilling of three wells.
Belco also believes that
production from this waterflood unit can be enhanced with the use of CO(2) or
surfactants with flooding.

     
Shafter Lake San Andres Unit.  
The Shafter Lake San Andres Unit is a 12,880
acre unit in Andrews County, Texas that produces from the Grayburg/San Andres
formation at approximately 4,500 feet.
Belco has an 81.4% working interest in
this secondary recovery unit.
Gross oil production averaged 745 Bbl/d in 2000.

Belco has drilled 51 infill 20 acre locations since becoming operator of the
unit in early 1993.
In 2000, Belco drilled nine wells on 20 acre spacing along
with six wells on ten acre spacing.
Operators of nearby San Andres fields have
successfully drilled to 10 acre spacing before CO(2) injection.
The wells Belco
drilled are designed to test the viability of ten acre locations within the
center of the Shafter Lake unit.
The preliminary indications are promising with
the two producers each averaging initial production of over 50 Bbl/d gross.

Belco plans to drill approximately 15 wells in 2001 to continue to expand both
the 20 acre and 10 acre spacing.
Potential exists for CO(2) flooding as the
field matures.


MID-CONTINENT REGION

     Belco's Mid-Continent operations are currently focused in Oklahoma and
Kansas and represent approximately 15% of its total estimated proved reserves at
December 31, 2000.
The oil production is concentrated in Belco operated
waterfloods in Oklahoma while the gas production is in Belco operated wells in
Kansas and mainly outside operated wells in Oklahoma.

     
Oklahoma.  
Three waterfloods represent a majority of Belco's estimated
proved oil reserves in the region.
These waterfloods are identified as the
Oakdale Unit, the Calumet Unit and the Rush Springs Unit.

     - Oakdale Red Fork Unit.  
Belco owns a 97.3% working interest in this 3,600
       acre unit in northwestern Oklahoma.
Belco operates the secondary recovery
       unit that produces from the Redfork formation at 6,400 feet.
Gross oil
       production was approximately 815 Bbl/d in 2000.
Belco drilled two wells
       and re-entered one well during 2000.
Plans for 2001 include the drilling
       of at least two wells and the continued expansion of water injection to
       the south.

     - Calumet Cottage Grove Unit.  
The Belco operated secondary recovery unit
       consists of 11,400 acres in central Oklahoma.
Production is from the
       Pennsylvanian Cottage Grove formation at 8,100 feet.
Gross production in
       2000 averaged approximately 1,815 Bbl/d. Belco has a 44.1% working
       interest in this unit.
Five wells were drilled in 2000 and six wells are
       planned in 2001.

     Kansas.  
Belco has 31,649 developed net acres and approximately 7,692
undeveloped net acres in Kansas.
Belco initially acquired interests in Kansas in
1993 from Mobil and made 2 additional acquisitions from Huber in 1997 and 1998.

Gas is produced from the Chase formation and both gas and oil are produced from
the Lansing, Morrow and Chester formations.
Most of the 169 producing wells are
in Stanton, Morton, Stevens and Haskell counties.
Belco drilled three wells in
2000 targeting the Chase gas sands.


COSTS INCURRED AND DRILLING RESULTS

     Drilling Activity.  
The following table sets forth the wells participated
in by Belco during the periods indicated.
In the table, "gross" refers to the
total wells in which Belco has a working interest, and "net" refers to gross
wells multiplied by Belco's working interest in such wells.

                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, (1)
                                              
------------------------------------------
                                                  1998           1999           2000
                                              ------------   ------------   ------------
                                              GROSS   NET    GROSS   NET    GROSS   NET
                                              -----   ----   
-----   ----   
-----   ----

Development:
  Productive................................  69.0    47.1   46.0    29.4   106.0   57.2
  Non-productive............................   1.0     1.0    2.0     1.0     7.0    5.1
                                              ----    
----   ----    
----   -----   ----
          Total.............................  
70.0    48.1   48.0    30.4   113.0   62.3
                                              ====    ====   ====    ====   =====   ====
Exploratory:
  Productive................................  23.0     9.4   11.0     8.2    17.0   10.8
  Non-productive............................   7.0     4.0    3.0     2.5     5.0    3.7
                                              ----    ----   ----    ----   -----   ----
          Total.............................  30.0    13.4   14.0    10.7    22.0   14.5
                                              ====    ====   ====    ====   =====   ====

- ---------------

(1) Includes wells in progress at December 31 of each year presented.

     
Volumes, revenue, prices and production costs.  
The following table sets
forth certain information regarding the production volumes, revenue, average
prices received and average production costs associated with Belco's sale of oil
and natural gas for the periods indicated.

                                                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                       
------------------------------
                                                         1998       1999       2000
                                                       --------   --------   --------

Net Production Data:
  Oil (Mbbl).........................................     4,177      3,439      3,922
  Gas (Mmcf).........................................    37,207     39,738     40,847
  Gas equivalent (Mmcfe).............................    62,272     60,370     64,379
Oil and Gas Sales, net of cash hedging activities ($
  in 000's)(1).......................................  $129,916   $141,932   $199,387
Average Sales Price(1):
  Oil (per Bbl)
     Unhedged........................................  $  13.17   $  17.49   $  29.23
     Hedge settlements...............................      2.92       1.76      (4.62)
                                                       --------   
--------   --------
          Net realized...............................  $  16.09   $  19.25   $  24.61
                                                       ========   ========   ========
  Gas (per Mcf)
     Unhedged........................................  $   1.86   $   1.99   $   3.50
     Hedge settlements...............................     (0.17)     (0.08)     (0.98)
                                                       --------   --------   
--------
          Net realized...............................  $   1.69   $   1.91   $   2.52
                                                       ========   ========   ========
Costs (per Mcfe):
  Oil and gas operating expenses.....................  $   0.54   $   0.49   $   0.52
  Production taxes...................................      0.12       0.16       0.22
  General and administrative.........................      0.08       0.08       0.10
Depreciation, depletion and amortization of oil and
  gas properties.....................................      0.90       0.90       0.88

- ---------------

(1) Excludes non-hedge CPRM cash settlements.

     
Development, Exploration and Acquisition Expenditures.  
The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the costs incurred by Belco in its
development, exploration and acquisition activities during the periods
indicated.

                                                           YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                        -----------------------------
                                                          1998      1999       2000
                                                        
--------   -------   --------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)

Property acquisitions costs --
  Proved..............................................  $ 56,695   $17,608   $ 79,532
  Unproved............................................    14,414    10,390     11,991
Exploration costs.....................................    18,597    10,943     21,442
Development costs.....................................    37,969    29,576     66,310
Capitalized interest..................................     
5,123     4,881      7,570
Property Sales........................................    (6,292)     (215)   (11,517)
                                                        --------   -------   --------
          Total Net Costs Incurred....................  $126,506   $73,183   $175,328
                                                        ========   =======   ========

ACREAGE

     The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2000, the gross and net
acres that Belco owned, controlled or had the right to acquire interests in both
developed and undeveloped acreage.
Developed acreage refers to acreage within
producing units and undeveloped acreage refers to acreage that has not

been placed in producing units.
"Gross" acres refers to the total number of
acres in which Belco own a working interest.
"Net" acres refers to gross acres
multiplied by Belco's fractional working interest.

                                                   
DEVELOPED         UNDEVELOPED(1)
                                               -----------------   -------------------
                                                GROSS      NET       GROSS       NET
                                               -------   
-------   ---------   
-------

Rocky Mountains:
  Green River Basin..........................    
5,443       533     539,762   141,793
  Moxa Arch Trend............................   33,413    19,632      27,414    16,426
  Wind River Basin...........................    1,917       718     275,016   103,007
  Big Horn Basin.............................      643       321     322,625   102,043
  Denver-Julesburg Basin.....................  207,365     2,298     110,074    57,927
Permian Basin................................  100,191    51,817          20        20
Mid-Continent Region:
  Oklahoma...................................  119,957    39,687      37,895    12,012
  North Texas................................   23,093    10,302         640       320
  Kansas.....................................   37,649    31,628       8,256     7,693
  North Dakota...............................   10,973     4,391      37,571    25,343
  Michigan...................................    2,411       734      13,263     2,382
Gulf Coast/Other:
  Texas-Giddings Field.......................  106,626    41,831     203,171    60,515
  Louisiana..................................   18,133     8,172     183,339   147,248
  Arkansas...................................      345       345       4,264     2,952
  Gulf Coast.................................   11,999     9,030      41,027    23,762
  New Mexico.................................      320       160          --        --
                                               -------   -------   ---------   -------
          Totals.............................  680,478   221,599   1,804,337   703,443
                                               =======   =======   =========   =======

- ---------------

(1) Leases covering less than half of the undeveloped acreage will expire within
    the next three years.
However, we expect to evaluate this acreage prior to
    its expiration.
Our leases generally provide that the leases will continue
    past their primary terms if oil or gas in commercial quantities is being
    produced from a well on such leases.


PRODUCTIVE WELL SUMMARY

     The following table sets forth Belco's ownership in productive wells at
December 31, 2000.
Gross oil and gas wells include multiple completions.
Wells
with multiple completions are counted only once for purposes of the following
table.
Production from various formations in wells without multiple completions
is commingled.

                                                               
PRODUCTIVE WELLS
                                                               -----------------
                                                                GROSS      NET
                                                               -------   -------

Gas.........................................................     
842.0     368.9
Oil.........................................................   1,618.0     699.5
                                                               -------   -------
          Total.............................................   
2,460.0   1,068.4
                                                               =======   =======

MARKETING

     There are a variety of factors which affect the market for oil and natural
gas, including the extent of domestic production and imports of oil and natural
gas, the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other
transportation facilities, demand for oil and natural gas, the marketing of
competitive fuels and the effects of state and federal regulations on oil and
natural gas production and sales.
Historically Belco has not experienced any
difficulties in marketing its oil or natural gas.
The oil and natural gas
industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel
requirements of industrial, commercial and individual customers.

     
Although Belco seeks to moderate the impact of price volatility through its
commodity price risk management activities, it remains subject to price
fluctuations for natural gas sold in the spot market due primarily to
seasonality of demand and other factors beyond Belco's control.
Domestic oil
prices generally follow worldwide oil prices, which are subject to price
fluctuations resulting from changes in world supply and demand.


PRODUCTION SALES CONTRACTS

     In Wyoming, Belco sells all of its natural gas, natural gas liquids and
condensate from its Moxa Arch wells under a market sensitive long term sales
contract with Amoco Energy Trading Corporation, or the Amoco Gas Contract.
The
price payable to Belco under the Amoco Gas Contract for gas is the Northwest
Pipeline Rocky Mountain Index, plus $0.03 per Mmbtu, less fuel charges and
gathering fees and adjustments for Btu content.
The Amoco Gas Contract was
renewed effective January 1, 1999 for an additional three year period on the
same terms.

     
All of Belco's current Moxa Arch Wyoming oil and condensate production is
sold at market sensitive prices pursuant to an option held by Amoco.

     
Belco's Moxa Arch wells are subject to various gathering agreements with
third parties.
Wells drilled under the Amoco Farmout Agreement in the Cow
Hollow, Wilson Ranch, Seven Mile Gulch and Bruff areas are subject to the Gas
Gathering and Processing Agreement dated March 20, 1992 with Northwest Pipeline.

     
In Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma, Belco sells its gas to purchasers under
percentage of proceeds or index-based contracts.
Under the percentage of
proceeds contract, Belco receives a fixed percentage of the resale price
received by the purchaser for sales of residue gas and natural gas liquids
recovered after gathering and processing its gas.
Belco receives between 85% and
92% of the proceeds from residue gas sales and from 85% to 90% of the proceeds
from natural gas liquids sales received by its purchasers when the products are
resold.
The residue gas and natural gas liquids sold by these purchasers are
sold primarily based on spot market prices.
The revenue received by Belco from
the sale of natural gas liquids is included in natural gas sales.
Under
indexed-based contracts, the price per Mmbtu Belco receives for its gas at the
wellhead is tied to indexes published in Inside FERC or Gas Daily, and in most
cases is subject to a discount to the relevant index in lieu of a gathering fee.

     
All of Belco's oil production is sold under market sensitive or spot price
contracts to various purchasers.

     
Sales to individual customers constituting 10% or more of total revenues in
2000 were made to:

     - Aquila Southwest Pipeline (26%);

     - Amoco Energy Trading (17%);

     - EOTT Energy Operating LP (14%);

     - Duke Energy Field Services (11%);

     - Enron Reserve Acquisition Corp. (11%); and

     - Eighty-Eight Oil, LLC (10%).


Belco believes that the loss of any one of the above customers would not have a
material adverse effect on its results of operations or its financial condition.


PRICE RISK MANAGEMENT TRANSACTIONS

     Commodity Price Risk Management.  
With the objective of achieving more
predictable revenues and cash flows and reducing the exposure to fluctuations in
gas and oil prices, Belco has entered into price risk management transactions of
various types with respect to both natural gas and oil, as described below.


While the use of these arrangements limits the downside risk of adverse price
movements to a certain extent, it may also limit future revenues from favorable
price movements.
Belco entered into price risk management transactions with
respect to a substantial portion of its estimated oil production and
approximately 60% of its estimated gas production for 2000 and lesser amounts of
its estimated production for 2001 and beyond.
Belco continues to evaluate
whether to enter into additional such transactions for 2001 and beyond.
Belco
expects to reduce the current amount of price risk management contracts to
largely phase out such transactions that it has in place over the next 12 to 18
months in an effort to limit future exposure to the mark-to-market accounting
rules requiring the immediate recognition of non-cash unrealized gains and
losses that cause large unpredictable swings in reported results of operations,
related earnings per share and shareholder equity.
In addition, Belco may
determine from time to time to terminate its then existing hedging and other
risk management positions.

     
All of Belco's price risk management transactions are carried out in the
over-the-counter market and not on the NYMEX.
These financial counterparties all
have at least an investment grade credit rating.
All of these transactions
provide solely for financial settlements relating to closing prices on the
NYMEX.

     
The following is a summary of the types of price risk management
transactions in effect as of December 31, 2000.

     Swaps.  
Since all of Belco's natural gas and oil is sold on "floating" or
market related prices, Belco has entered into financial swap transactions that
convert a floating price into a fixed price for a future month.
For any
particular swap transaction, the counterparty is required to make a payment to
Belco in the event that the NYMEX Reference Price for any settlement period is
less than the swap price for such hedge, and Belco is required to make a payment
to the counterparty in the event that the NYMEX Reference Price for any
settlement period is greater than the swap price for such hedge.

     
Reverse Swaps.  
When Belco determines it desires to reduce the amount of
swaps because of an assumed favorable outlook for prices, it enters into a
reverse swap.
Under such a transaction, Belco's role and the role of the
counterparty are reversed.

     
Collars.  
A collar provides for an average floor price and an average
ceiling price.
For any particular collar transaction, the counterparty is
required to make a payment to Belco if the average NYMEX Reference Price for the
reference period is below the floor price for such transaction, and Belco is
required to make payment to the counterparty if the average NYMEX Reference
Price is above the ceiling price for such transaction.

     
Options, Puts and Straddles.  
When Belco believes that it will receive a
sufficiently high cash premium or other consideration for granting the
counterparty a call or put option, it may enter into such a transaction.
If
Belco sold a $20.00 call on oil for $0.40 a barrel in a given month and prices
averaged $19.00 a barrel for such month, it would receive a net realization per
barrel of $19.40 ($19.00 plus the $0.40 premium).
However, if for that month the
price of oil averaged $20.00 or higher per barrel, Belco would receive a net
realization of $20.40 (the call price, $20.00, plus $0.40).

     
A limited number of these transactions contain negotiated knockout,
extendable or leverage provisions.
These provisions either limit price
protection beyond a specific level, contain tiered pricing provisions, allow the
option to be extended for a period of time, or provide for payment based upon a
multiple of the underlying notional volume.
The transactions described in this
paragraph and any sold options are non-hedge instruments and required to be
marked to market as to their value on the last day of the accounting period.

     
Belco sells Wyoming natural gas at prices based on the Northwest Pipeline
Rocky Mountain Index, or NPRMI, and the Colorado Interstate Gas Co.-Rocky
Mountain Index, or CIGCo.-RMI (indices of prices for gas delivered at various
delivery points on the Northwest Pipeline and the CIGCo.
pipeline in the
Northern Rocky Mountain area).
For a portion of the natural gas sold against
these indices, Belco has entered into basis swaps that require the counterparty
to make a payment to Belco in the event that the average NYMEX Reference Price
per Mmbtu for gas delivered to Henry Hub, Louisiana for a reference period
exceeds the average price for gas delivered to the Northwest Pipeline in the
Rocky Mountains as

reflected in the NPRMI (the most liquid Rocky Mountain hub) for such reference
period by more than a stated differential, and requires Belco to make a payment
to the counterparty in the event that the NYMEX Reference Price for Henry Hub
exceeds the price for NPRMI gas by less than the stated differential (or in the
event that the NPRMI price exceeds the Henry Hub price).


TEXAS SEVERANCE TAX ABATEMENT

     Production from natural gas wells that have been certified as tight
formations or deep wells by the Texas Railroad Commission ("high cost gas
wells") and that were spudded or completed during the period from May 24, 1989
to September 1, 1996 qualify for an exemption from the 7.5% severance tax in
Texas on natural gas and natural gas liquids produced by such wells prior to
August 31, 2001.
The natural gas production from wells drilled on certain of
Belco's properties in the Austin Chalk area qualify for this tax exemption.
In
addition, high cost gas wells that are spudded or completed during the period
from September 1, 1996 to August 31, 2010 are entitled to receive a severance
tax reduction upon obtaining a high cost gas certification from the Texas
Railroad Commission within 180 days after first production.
The tax reduction is
based on a formula composed of the statewide "median" (as determined by the
State of Texas from producer reports) and the producer's actual drilling and
completion costs.
More expensive wells will receive a greater amount of tax
credit.
This tax rate reduction remains in effect for 10 years or until the
aggregate tax credits received equal 50% of the total drilling and completion
costs.


SECTION 29 TAX CREDIT

     The natural gas production from wells drilled on certain of Belco's
properties in the Wyoming Moxa Arch Trend and Golden Trend Field in Oklahoma
qualifies for the Section 29 Tax Credit.
The Section 29 Tax Credit is an income
tax credit against regular federal income tax liability with respect to sales of
Belco's production of natural gas produced from tight gas sand formations,
subject to a number of limitations.
Fuels qualifying for the Section 29 Tax
Credit must be produced from a well drilled or a facility placed in service
after November 5, 1990 and before January 1, 1993, and be sold before January 1,
2003.

     
The basic credit, which is currently approximately $0.52 per Mmbtu ($0.59
per Mcf) of natural gas produced from tight sand reservoirs and approximately
$1.05 per Mmbtu of natural gas produced from Devonian Shale, is computed by
reference to the price of crude oil and is phased out as the price of oil
exceeds $23.50 per Bbl in 1979 dollars (as adjusted for inflation) with complete
phaseout if such price exceeds $29.50 per Bbl in 1979 dollars (as adjusted for
inflation).
Under this formula, the commencement of phaseout would be triggered
if the average price for crude oil rose above approximately $47 per Bbl in
current dollars.
Belco generated approximately $0.5 and $0.6 million of Section
29 Tax Credits in 2000 and 1999, respectively.
The Section 29 Tax Credit may not
be credited against the alternative minimum tax, but under certain circumstances
may be carried over and applied against regular tax liability in future years.

Therefore, no assurances can be given that Belco's Section 29 Tax Credits will
reduce its federal income tax liability in any particular year.


REGULATION

     General.  
The oil and natural gas industry is extensively regulated by
federal, state and local authorities.
In particular, oil and natural gas
production operations and economics are affected by price controls,
environmental protection statutes and regulations, tax statutes and other laws
relating to the petroleum industry, as well as changes in such laws, changing
administrative regulations and the interpretations and application of such laws,
rules and regulations.
Oil and natural gas industry legislation and agency
regulation are under constant review for amendment and expansion for a variety
of political, economic and other reasons.

     
Regulation of Natural Gas and Oil Exploration and Production.  
Belco's
operations are subject to various types of regulation at the federal, state and
local levels.
Such regulation includes requiring permits for the drilling of
wells, maintaining bonding requirements in order to drill or operate wells and
regulating

the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface use
and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled, the plugging and
abandoning of wells and the disposal of fluids used in connection with
operations.
Belco's operations are also subject to various conservation laws and
regulations.
These include the regulation of the size of drilling and spacing
units or proration units and the density of wells that may be drilled and the
unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties.
In this regard, some
states (such as Oklahoma) allow the forced pooling or integration of tracts to
facilitate exploration while other states (such as Texas) rely on voluntary
pooling of lands and leases.
In areas where pooling is voluntary, it may be more
difficult to form units and, therefore, more difficult to develop a project if
the operator owns less than 100% of the leasehold.
In addition, state
conservation laws establish maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas
wells, generally prohibit the venting or flaring of gas and impose certain
requirements regarding the ratability of production.
The effect of these
regulations may limit the amount of oil and natural gas Belco can produce from
its wells and may limit the number of wells or the locations at which Belco can
drill.
The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases
Belco's costs of doing business and, consequently, affects its profitability.

Inasmuch as such laws and regulations are frequently expanded, amended or
reinterpreted, Belco is unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying
with such regulations.

     
Belco has operations located on federal oil and natural gas leases, which
are administered by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management, or BLM.
Such leases are
issued through competitive bidding, contain relatively standardized terms and
require compliance with detailed BLM regulations.
In addition to permits
required from other agencies, such as the Army Corps of Engineers and the
Environmental Protection Agency, lessees must obtain a permit from the BLM prior
to the commencement of drilling.
The BLM also has regulations restricting the
flaring or venting of natural gas, liquid hydrocarbons and oil without prior
authorization.
The BLM generally requires that lessees post substantial bonds or
other acceptable assurances that such obligations will be met.
The cost of such
bonds or other surety can be substantial and there is no assurance that bonds or
other surety can be obtained in all cases.
Under certain circumstances, the BLM
may require company operations on federal leases to be suspended or terminated.

Any such suspension or termination could materially and adversely affect Belco's
financial condition and operations.

     
Belco does not anticipate that compliance with existing federal, state and
local laws, rules and regulations will have a material or significantly adverse
effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of Belco.

     
Regulation of Natural Gas and Oil Sales and Transportation.  
Sales prices
of crude oil, condensate, gas liquids and natural gas are not currently
regulated.
State and federal laws regulations governing transportation of these
commodities by intrastate and interstate pipelines, although they do not
directly apply to Belco, nonetheless have an indirect effect upon the
exploration and production business due to legal and regulatory impact upon the
cost and availability of pipeline capacity.
Belco does not believe that its
business will be affected by any laws and regulations governing pipeline
transportation differently than any other similarly situated company with which
Belco competes.

     Environmental Matters.  
Belco's operations are subject to stringent
federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of
materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental
protection.
Numerous governmental agencies, such as the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency, issue regulations to implement and enforce such laws, which
often require difficult and costly compliance measures that carry substantial
administrative, civil and criminal penalties or may result in injunctive relief
for failure to comply.
These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of
a permit before drilling commences, restrict the types, quantities and
concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment
in connection with drilling and production activities, limit or prohibit
construction or drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness,
wetlands, ecologically sensitive and other protected areas, require remedial
action to prevent pollution from former operations, and impose substantial
liabilities for pollution resulting from Belco's operations.
This regulatory
burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business
and consequently affects its profitability.
Changes in environmental laws and
regulations occur frequently, and any changes that result in more stringent and
costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements
could materially adversely affect

Belco's operations and financial position, as well as those of the oil and
natural gas industry in general.
While Belco believes that its current
operations are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental
laws and regulations, there is no assurance that this trend will continue in the
future.

     
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act,
as amended, also known as CERCLA or "Superfund," and comparable state laws
impose liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original
conduct, on certain classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for
the release of a "hazardous substance" into the environment.
These persons
include the owner and operator of the disposal site or sites where the release
occurred and companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the
hazardous substances found at the site.
Under CERCLA, such persons may be
subject to joint and several liability for the costs of cleaning up the
hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages
to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies, and it is not
uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for
personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous
substances or other pollutants into the environment.
Although Belco handles
hazardous substances in the ordinary course of business, it is not aware of any
hazardous substance contamination which has a material adverse effect on Belco.

     
The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, or RCRA, and
comparable state laws generally does not regulate most wastes generated by the
exploration and production of oil and natural gas.
Specifically, RCRA excludes
from the definition of hazardous waste "drilling fluids, produced waters, and
other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production of
crude oil, natural gas or geothermal energy."
However, these wastes may still be
regulated by EPA or state agencies as solid waste.
Moreover, ordinary industrial
wastes, such as paint wastes, waste solvents, laboratory wastes, and waste
compressor oils, may be regulated as hazardous waste.
Although the costs of
managing solid and hazardous waste may be significant, Belco does not expect to
experience more burdensome costs than similarly situated companies involved in
oil and natural gas exploration and production.

     
Belco owns or leases properties that have been used in the past for the
exploration and production of oil and natural gas.
Although Belco has utilized
operating and disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time,
hydrocarbons or other wastes may have been disposed of or released on or under
the properties owned or leased by Belco or on or under other locations where
such wastes have been taken for disposal.
In addition, many of these properties
have been operated by third parties whose treatment and disposal or release of
hydrocarbons or other wastes was not under Belco's control.
These properties and
the wastes disposed thereon may be subject to CERCLA, RCRA, and analogous state
laws.
Under such laws, Belco could be required to remove or remediate previously
disposed wastes, including waste disposed of or released by prior owners or
operators, or property contamination, including groundwater contamination by
prior owners or operators, or to perform remedial plugging or pit closure
operations to prevent future contamination.

     
The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, or FWPCA, also
known as the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws impose restrictions and
strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants including produced waters
and other oil and natural gas wastes, into state waters or waters of the United
States.
The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except
in accord with the terms of a permit issued by EPA or the state.
These
proscriptions also prohibit certain activity in wetlands unless authorized by a
permit issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Sanctions for unauthorized
discharges include administrative, civil and criminal penalties, as well as
injunctive relief.

     
The Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended, or OPA, pertains to the
prevention of and response to spills or discharges of hazardous substances or
oil into navigable water of the United States.
Under OPA, a person owning or
operating a facility or equipment from which there is a discharge or threat of a
discharge of oil into or upon navigable waters or adjoining shorelines is
liable, regardless of fault, as a "responsible party" for removal costs and
damages.
Federal law imposes strict, joint and several liability on facility
owners for containment and clean-up costs and certain other damages, including
natural resource damages arising from a spill.
The OPA establishes a liability
limit for onshore facilities of $350 million; however, a party cannot take
advantage of this liability limit if the spill is caused by gross negligence or

willful misconduct or resulted from a violation of a federal safety,
construction, or operating regulation.
If a party fails to report a spill or
cooperate in the cleanup, the liability limits likewise do not apply.
Federal
regulations under the OPA and the FWPCA also require certain owners and
operators of facilities that store or otherwise handle oil, such as Belco, to
prepare and implement spill prevention, control and countermeasure plans and
spill response plans relating to possible discharge of oil into surface waters.

Belco believes that its operations are in substantial compliance with the
requirements of the OPA and FWPCA and that any non-compliance would not have a
material adverse effect on Belco.


OPERATING HAZARDS AND INSURANCE

     Oil and natural gas drilling and production activities are subject to
numerous risks, many of which are beyond Belco's control.
These risks include
the risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be
encountered, that operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result
of title problems, weather conditions, compliance with governmental
requirements, mechanical difficulties or shortages or delays in the delivery of
equipment.
Belco's ability to market its production may be limited depending
upon the availability or capacity of gathering systems, pipelines or processing
facilities.
There can be no assurance that new wells drilled by Belco will be
productive or that Belco will recover all or any portion of its investment.

Drilling for oil and natural gas may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from
dry wells, but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient
net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs.
In
addition, Belco's properties may be susceptible to hydrocarbon drainage from
production by other operators on adjacent properties.

     
Industry operating risks include the risk of fire, explosions, blow-outs,
pipe failure, abnormally pressured formations and environmental hazards such as
oil spills, gas leaks, ruptures or discharges of toxic gases.
The occurrence of
any of these events could result in substantial losses to Belco due to injury or
loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and
equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, clean-up responsibilities,
regulatory investigation and penalties and suspension of operations.

Additionally, certain of Belco's oil and natural gas operations are located in
an area that is subject to tropical weather disturbances, some of which can be
severe enough to cause substantial damage to facilities and possibly interrupt
production.

     
Belco maintains customary oil and natural gas related third party liability
coverage, which it must renew annually, that insures Belco against certain
sudden and accidental risks associated with drilling, completing and operating
its wells.
There can be no assurance that this insurance will be adequate to
cover any losses or exposure to liability or that Belco will be able to renew
its coverage annually.
Belco and its subsidiaries carry workers' compensation
insurance in all states in which they operate.
While Belco believes this
coverage is customary in the industry, it does not provide complete coverage
against all operating risks.


TITLE TO PROPERTIES

     Title to properties is subject to royalty, overriding royalty, carried, net
profits, working and other similar interests and contractual arrangements
customary in the oil and natural gas industry, as well as to liens for current
taxes not yet due and to other encumbrances.
As is customary in the industry in
the case of undeveloped properties, little investigation of record title is made
at the time of acquisition of leasehold interests (other than a preliminary
review of local records).
Investigations, including a title opinion of local
counsel, are generally made before commencement of drilling operations.
To the
extent title opinions or other investigations reflect title defects, Belco,
rather than the seller of the undeveloped property, is typically responsible to
cure any such title defects at its expense.
If Belco was unable to remedy or
cure title defect of a nature such that it would not be prudent to commence
drilling operations on the property, Belco could suffer a loss of its entire
investment in the property.
Under the terms of certain of Belco's joint
development, participation and farmout agreements, its interest (other than
interests acquired through holding of leasehold interests prior to spudding of
the well) in each well is conveyed to Belco upon the successful completion of
the well or satisfaction of other conditions.


EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 2000, Belco had 167 full time employees, none of whom
are represented by organized labor unions.
Belco considers its employee
relations to be good.


OFFICE AND EQUIPMENT

     Belco maintains its executive offices at 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New
York.
Belco pays Robert A. Belfer, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer, a fee of approximately $250,000 per annum as of 1996 for office space
and services provided through such office.
This fee is indexed to the consumer
price index.
The fee is based on the actual cost of such office space pro-rated
to the amount utilized in Belco's operations.
Belco believes the fee compares
favorably to the terms that might have been available from a non-affiliated
party.
For further discussion, see "Certain Transactions of Belco."
Belco owns a
building in Dallas, Texas, containing approximately 65,000 square feet, which
serves as the operations headquarters.
Belco leases 5,796 square feet of office
space in Tulsa, Oklahoma pursuant to a lease that terminates on August 31, 2003.

Belco also leases 1,748 square feet of office space in Midland, Texas pursuant
to a lease that terminates on February 28, 2002.
Additionally, Belco owns a
property in Granger, Wyoming consisting of a metal building and associated four
acres, used by Belco as a production office and yard.
Belco also maintains an
inventory of field equipment and materials including tubular goods, compressors,
pumping units and field vehicles.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Belco is a party to routine litigation incidental to its business.
While
the ultimate results of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty,
Belco does not believe that the outcome of these matters will be material to
Belco.

PROPERTIES -- OIL AND NATURAL GAS RESERVES

     
The following table sets forth information with respect to Belco's
estimated net proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2000.

Information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as of December 31, 2000
relating to Belco's estimated net proved oil and natural gas reserves and the
estimated future net revenues attributable thereto is based upon estimates
prepared by in-house engineers and the audit review of such estimates performed
by Miller and Lents, Ltd., independent petroleum engineers.
All calculations of
estimated net proved reserves have been made in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the SEC and, except as otherwise indicated, give no effect to
federal or state income taxes otherwise attributable to estimated future net
revenues from the sale of oil and natural gas.
The present value of estimated
future net revenues has been calculated using a discount factor of 10%.

                                                           
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                      ----------------------------------
                                                       PROVED       PROVED
                                                      DEVELOPED   UNDEVELOPED    TOTAL
                                                      ---------   -----------   --------

Estimated Proved Reserves:
  Gas (Mmcf)........................................   
231,380      149,943      381,323
  Oil (Mbbls).......................................    
40,642       16,849       57,491
          Total Gas Equivalents (Mmcfe).............   475,232      251,037      726,269
Estimated Future Net Revenue before Income Taxes (in
  millions)(1)......................................  $  2,545     $  1,433     $  3,978
                                                      ========     ========     ========
Present Value of Estimated Future Net Revenues
  before Income Taxes (discounted at 10% per annum)
  (in millions)(1)..................................  
$  1,480     $    776     $  2,256
                                                      ========     ========     ========

- ---------------

(1) Estimated future net revenue before income taxes represents estimated future
    gross revenue to be generated from the production of proved reserves, net of
    estimated production and future development costs, using average December
    31, 2000 prices, which were $9.53 per Mcf of gas and $25.50 per barrel of
    oil without giving effect to commodities price risk management activities
    accounted for as hedges.

                              
MANAGEMENT OF BELCO

     The following table sets certain information with respect to the executive
officers and directors of Belco who will serve as executive officers or
directors of New Westport upon consummation of the merger.

                                                    
POSITION WITH NEW WESTPORT
NAME                                    AGE      UPON CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER
- ----                                    ---      -------------------------------

Robert A. Belfer......................  66    Director
Laurence D. Belfer....................  35    Director
Grant W. Henderson....................  42    Executive Vice President and General
                                                Manager -- Southern Business Unit

     Robert A. Belfer has served as a Director of Belco since 1996.
Mr. Belfer
has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Belco since
March 1996.
From March 1996 to April 1, 1997, Mr. Belfer was also President of
Belco.
Mr. Belfer began his career at Belco Petroleum Corporation, or BPC, in
1958 and became Executive Vice President in 1964, President in 1965 and Chairman
of the Board in 1984.
BPC was an independent oil and gas producer in the United
States and abroad, which went public in 1959.
BPC was one of the larger
independent oil and gas companies in the United States and was included in
Fortune's listing of the 500 largest industrial companies in the United States
prior to merging with InterNorth, Inc.
(now Enron Corp.) in 1983.
Following the
merger, Mr. Belfer became Chief Operating Officer of BelNorth Petroleum Corp., a
combination of oil and gas producing operations of BPC and InterNorth.
He
resigned from his position with InterNorth in 1986 and pursued personal
investments in oil and gas and other industries.
In April 1992, Mr. Belfer
founded Belco.
In addition to his position at Belco, Mr. Belfer serves on the
board of Enron Corp.

     Laurence D. Belfer has served as a Director of Belco since 1996.
Mr. Belfer
currently serves as Vice Chairman of Belco.
Mr. Belfer joined Belco as Vice
President in September 1992.
He was promoted to Executive Vice President in May
1995 and Chief Operating Officer in December 1995, was named President in April
1997 and Vice Chairman in March 1999.
He is a founder and Chairman of Harvest
Management, Inc., a money management firm.
Laurence D. Belfer is the son of
Robert A. Belfer.

     
Grant W. Henderson has served as a Director of Belco since 1999.
Mr.
Henderson currently serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of Belco.
He
was named President effective March 1, 1999 and Chief Operating Officer
effective May 2000.
Prior to his promotions, Mr. Henderson served as Senior Vice
President-Corporate Development.
Mr. Henderson was formerly President and Chief
Financial Officer of Coda Energy, Inc., or Coda.
Mr. Henderson joined Coda in
October 1993 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
He was
elected a director of Coda in 1995 and became President of Coda in February
1996.
Mr. Henderson was previously employed by NationsBank (now Bank of America
N.A.), beginning in 1981, last serving as Senior Vice President in its Energy
Banking Group.


THE BELCO BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES

     The Belco board of directors held four regularly scheduled meetings and no
special meetings during Belco's fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
The Belco
board of directors also acted by unanimous written consent five times during
2000.
The Belco board of directors has standing audit, compensation, executive
and stock option committees.

     
Audit Committee.  
The Audit Committee, which currently consists of Graham
Allison, Daniel C. Arnold and Alan Berlin, is responsible for recommending to
the Belco board of directors each year the engagement of a firm of independent
auditors to review Belco's accounting and internal control systems and principal
accounting policies and procedures and overseeing the entire independent audit
function.
The Audit Committee met three times during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000.

     
Compensation Committee.  
The Compensation Committee, which currently
consists of Robert A. Belfer, Alan D. Berlin and Jack Saltz, is responsible for
determining the salaries of the officers of Belco.
The Compensation Committee
held one meeting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

     Executive Committee.  
The Executive Committee, which currently consists of
Robert A. Belfer, Laurence D. Belfer, Jack Saltz and Grant W. Henderson, is
responsible for aiding and assisting Belco's management in the day-to-day
operation of Belco.
The Executive Committee did not meet during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000.

     
During the year ended December 31, 2000, each director except for Dr.
Allison attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the board of
directors and of the committees on which the director served.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OF BELCO

     The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
compensation for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 of the Chief
Executive Officer of Belco and certain of its executive officers who, upon
consummation of the merger, will serve as executive officers or directors of New
Westport.

                                                                 LONG-TERM COMPENSATION AWARDS
                                                           ------------------------------------------
                                                                           SECURITIES
                                 ANNUAL COMPENSATION        RESTRICTED     UNDERLYING
                             ---------------------------      STOCK       OPTIONS/SARS    ALL OTHER
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION  YEAR   SALARY($)   BONUS($)   AWARDS($)(1)       (#)        
COMPENSATION
- ---------------------------  ----   ---------   --------   ------------   ------------   ------------

Robert A. Belfer...........  2000   $180,000       --              --            --         $8,177(2)
  Chairman of the Board and  1999   $180,000       --              --            --         $8,010(3)
  Chief Executive Officer    1998   $180,047       --              --            --         $5,610(4)
Laurence D. Belfer.........  2000   $300,000       --              --        40,000         $8,550(5)
  Vice Chairman              1999   $251,923       --        $ 97,500(6)     40,000         $8,100(7)
                             1998   $186,923       --              --        40,000         $8,100(7)

Grant W. Henderson.........  2000   $321,827       --              --        50,000         $8,550(5)
  President and Chief        1999   $257,692       --        $551,250(8)    100,000         $8,100(7)
  
Operating Officer          1998   $224,306       --        $225,000(9)    100,000         $8,100(7)

- ---------------

(1) Each of the grants of restricted stock vest 20% per year beginning at the
    first anniversary date of the grant.
Holders of restricted stock are
    entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the board of
    directors of Belco.
As of December 31, 2000, the officers listed above had
    the following number of restricted shares having a value (based on the
    closing price of Belco's unrestricted common stock at December 29, 2000 of
    $12.4375) as follows: Laurence D. Belfer, 20,000 shares, value $248,750; and
    Grant W. Henderson 130,000 shares, value $1,616,875.


(2) This amount includes $7,650 contributed by Belco under Belco's 401(k) profit
    sharing plan and $527 paid by Belco for life insurance premiums.


(3) This amount includes $7,200 contributed by Belco under Belco's 401(k) profit
    sharing plan and $810 paid by Belco for life insurance premiums.


(4) This amount includes $4,800 contributed by Belco under Belco's 401(k) profit
    sharing plan and $810 paid by Belco for life insurance premiums.


(5) This amount includes $7,650 contributed by Belco under Belco's 401(k) profit
    sharing plan and $900 paid by Belco for life insurance premiums.


(6) This dollar amount was calculated by multiplying the number of shares of
    restricted stock granted (20,000) by the closing market price of Belco's
    unrestricted common stock on March 1, 1999 ($4.875), the date of the grant.


(7) This amount includes $7,200 contributed by Belco under Belco's 401(k) profit
    sharing plan and $900 paid by Belco for life insurance premiums.


(8) This dollar amount was calculated by multiplying the number of shares of
    restricted stock granted (100,000 and 10,000) by the closing market price of
    Belco's unrestricted common stock on March 1, 1999 ($4.875) and November 1,
    1999 ($6.375), the dates of the grants.


(9) This dollar amount was calculated by multiplying the number of shares of
    restricted stock granted (10,000 and 10,000) by the closing market price of
    Belco's unrestricted common stock on April 7, 1998 ($16.25) and November 2,
    1998 ($6.25), the dates of the grants.


STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED IN 2000

     The following table contains certain information concerning Incentive Stock
Options and Non-Statutory Stock Options to purchase Belco common stock granted
in fiscal 2000, pursuant to Belco's 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, to certain
executive officers of Belco who, upon consummation of the merger, will serve as
directors or executive officers of New Westport.

                                      
INDIVIDUAL GRANTS                                   POTENTIAL REALIZABLE
                                -----------------------------                               VALUE AT ASSUMED
                                  NUMBER OF       % OF TOTAL                              ANNUAL RATES OF STOCK
                                  SECURITIES     OPTIONS/SARS   EXERCISE                 PRICE APPRECIATION FOR
                                  UNDERLYING      GRANTED TO    PRICE PER                  OPTION TERMS($)(2)
                                 OPTIONS/SARS    EMPLOYEES IN     SHARE     EXPIRATION   -----------------------
NAME                            GRANTED(#)(1)        2000       ($/SHARE)      DATE        5%/($)       10%($)
- ----                            --------------   ------------   ---------   ----------   ----------   
----------

Robert A. Belfer..............          --             --             --          --            --           --
  Chairman of the Board and
  Chief Executive Officer
Laurence D. Belfer............      24,000(3)         6.8%       $7.5625      3/1/10      $114,144     $289,264
  Vice Chairman                     16,000(4)         4.5%       $8.3187      3/1/10      $ 63,996     $180,743
Grant W. Henderson............      50,000(5)        14.2%       $7.5625      3/1/10      $237,801     $602,634
  President and Chief
  Operating Officer

- ---------------

(1)
The options expire ten years from the date of grant and vest 20% on the
    first and each succeeding one year anniversary of the date of the grant.
All
    options were granted under Belco's 1996 Stock Incentive Plan.


(2) Calculated based upon the indicated rates of appreciation, compounded
    annually, from the date of grant to the end of each option term.
Actual
    gains, if any, on stock option exercises and Belco common stock holdings are
    dependent on the future performance of the Belco common stock and overall
    stock market conditions.
There can be no assurance that the amounts
    reflected in this table will be achieved.
The calculation does not take into
    account the effects, if any, of provisions of the option plan governing
    termination of options upon employment termination, transferability or
    vesting.


(3) Represent non-statutory stock options.


(4) Represent incentive stock options.


(5) 10,000 are incentive stock options; 40,000 are non-statutory stock options.


STOCK OPTION EXERCISES AND FISCAL YEAR END VALUES

     No options were exercised by Belco's executive officers listed below during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
The following table sets forth
information about the unexercised options to purchase Belco common stock held by
certain executive officers at December 31, 2000.

                                                                  
NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                 UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED         VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                                       OPTIONS AT              IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                                                                  DECEMBER 31, 2000(#)         DECEMBER 31, 2000($)(1)
                               SHARES ACQUIRED      VALUE      ---------------------------   ---------------------------
NAME                           ON EXERCISE(#)    REALIZED($)   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
- ----                           ---------------   -----------   -----------   -------------   -----------   
-------------

Robert A. Belfer.............          --              --            --              --             --             --
  Chairman of the Board and
  Chief Executive Officer
Laurence D. Belfer...........          --              --        96,000         124,000       $ 98,588       $467,677
  Vice Chairman
Grant W. Henderson...........          --              --        72,000         198,000       $248,750       $995,000
  President and Chief
  Operating Officer

- ---------------

(1) The value of each in-the-money stock option is equal to the difference
    between the closing price of the Belco common stock on the NYSE on December
    29, 2000 of $12.4375 and the per share exercise price of the stock option.


DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

     Pursuant to Belco's 1996 Nonemployee Directors' Stock Option Plan, or the
Directors' Plan, directors of Belco who are not officers or employees of Belco
or any of its subsidiaries, also known as Non-Employee Directors, each receive,
as of the date of each annual meeting of the shareholders of Belco, a
nonqualified stock option to purchase 6,000 shares of Belco common stock.
Each
option has an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Belco common
stock on the NYSE on the date of grant.
The exercise price may be paid in cash,
in shares of Belco common stock having a fair market value equal to the purchase
price thereof, or by a combination of such means of payment.
The number of
shares covered by each option and the exercise price per share will be
proportionately adjusted in the event of a stock split, reverse stock split,
stock dividend, or similar capital adjustment effected without receipt of
consideration by Belco.
The aggregate number of shares of Belco common stock
that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the
Directors' Plan cannot, on the date of the grant of any such option, exceed an
amount equal to 0.5% of the number of then outstanding shares of Belco common
stock.
Shares issuable pursuant to the Directors' Plan may be authorized but
unissued shares or reacquired shares, and Belco may purchase shares required for
this purpose.

     Options granted under the Directors' Plan have a maximum term of ten years
and vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary
of the date of grant.
Upon the occurrence of a "Change of Control" as defined in
the Directors' Plan while a Non-Employee Director is a member of the Board of
Directors, or in the event that a Non-Employee Director's membership on Belco's
board of directors terminates by reason of death or disability, each option then
held by such Non-Employee Director will be exercisable in full.

     
Pursuant to the Directors' Plan each Non-Employee Director received an
option to purchase 6,000 shares of Belco common stock at the 2000 annual meeting
of shareholders.
Therefore, on May 16, 2000 each of Messrs. Arnold, Berlin,
Saltz and Dr. Allison were granted an option to purchase 6,000 shares of Belco
common stock at an exercise price of $8.8125 per share (the fair market value of
the Belco common stock on the NYSE on such date) pursuant to the Directors'
Plan.

     
During 2000, each of Messrs. Arnold and Berlin and Dr. Allison received an
annual retainer of $10,000 payable quarterly in arrears, and was reimbursed for
expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Belco board of directors and
committees thereof.


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

     Mr. Grant W. Henderson had an employment agreement with Belco which became
effective on February 16, 1996.
The employment agreement provided for an initial
five year term, which expired on February 16, 2001.
The agreement remains in
effect on a month-to-month basis and is terminable at any time by either Belco
or Mr. Henderson, with or without cause.
Under the employment agreement, Mr.
Henderson receives payment of a base salary, together with other benefits
generally available to employees of Belco.
The employment agreement prohibits
Mr. Henderson from competing with Belco for a period of six months after his
termination for cause.

                         
CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OF BELCO

     Set forth below is a description of certain transactions entered into
between Belco and certain of its officers, directors and shareholders.

     
Belco has entered into a substantial portion of its natural gas and crude
oil commodity swap agreements and option agreements with Enron North America
Corp., or ENA, formerly known as Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp., a wholly
owned subsidiary of Enron Corp.
Mr. Robert A. Belfer is a member of the Board of
Directors of Enron Corp.
These agreements were entered into in the ordinary
course of business of Belco and are on terms that Belco believes are no less
favorable than the terms of similar arrangements with third parties.
Pursuant to
the terms of these agreements Belco paid ENA a net amount of approximately $32
million in fiscal year 2000.
The amount of future payments, as well as whether
payments will be made by Belco to ENA or vice versa, is affected by fluctuations
in energy commodity prices.
Belco may continue to enter into similar
arrangements with ENA throughout 2001.

     
Belco sells, from time to time, crude oil products to Enron Reserve
Acquisition Corp. and EOTT Energy Operating Limited Partnership, both of which
are subsidiaries of Enron Corp., on a competitive basis.

     
Belco paid Robert A. Belfer, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of Belco, a fee of $269,582 during 2000 for office space and services
provided through such office.
The fee is based on the actual cost of such office
space pro-rated to the amount utilized in Belco operations.
Belco believes the
fee compares favorably to the terms which might have been available from a
non-affiliated party.

     
Certain officers and employees of Belco have loans outstanding to Belco.

These loans were made to enable such persons to finance their purchase of
interests in oil and natural gas properties prior to the initial public offering
of Belco's common stock.
As part of the offering such persons were issued shares
of Belco common stock in exchange for their interests.
The loans remain
outstanding and are secured by certain of such shares of Belco common stock.
The
loans have been modified to provide for final maturity on July 1, 2001, and all
outstanding principal will be due at such date.
The loans may be prepaid at any
time at the option of the borrower.
The interest rate on each of the loans is
5.5%.
The officers of Belco who have received such loans, and the principal
amounts of their loans plus accrued interest as applicable as of December 31,
2000 are as follows:

     - Dominick J. Golio -- $367,691;

     - Shiv K. Sharma -- $522,173; and

     - George Sheffer -- $124,926.

     
Belco and Westport have agreed that these loans are to be repaid at 50% of
their current balance.
Payment will be the 30 days from the effective date of
the merger and may be made in cash or by the voluntary cancellation of "in the
money" vested stock options held by the respective employee.
Any

compensation payable under Belco's Retention and Severance Benefit Plan may be
used to offset any amount owed on the respective employee's loan.

     
Pursuant to current federal income tax laws, recipients of awards of
restricted stock under Belco's 1996 Stock Incentive Plan are deemed to have
income equal to the fair market value of the vested shares of Belco common stock
on the date of vesting.
As of December 31, 2000, Dominick J. Golio was indebted
to Belco in the amount of $88,078, representing federal income taxes paid by
Belco on behalf of Dominick J. Golio that arose pursuant to the vesting of Mr.
Golio's restricted stock.
Interest is not being charged on this indebtedness.

     
Belco paid Aitken Irvin Berlin & Vrooman LLP, a law firm in which Mr. Alan
D. Berlin, a director of Belco, is a partner, $2,642 during 2000 for various
legal services provided by the firm.

     
The officers of Belco have other business positions that they will continue
to pursue independent of Belco; however, none of these interests are related to
the oil and natural gas business of Belco.

        SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE OF BELCO

     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, requires Belco's
directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10%
of Belco common stock to file reports of ownership and subsequent changes with
the SEC.
Belco believes that all reports required to be filed by such persons
under Section 16(a) with respect to 2000 transactions have been timely filed
except that Robert A. Belfer inadvertently did not report a gift to a charity on
his Form 5 for the year ended December 2000 and Dominick J. Golio inadvertently
did not report a gift to each of his three children on his Form 5 for the year
ended December 1998.

                      
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND
                       CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF BELCO

     The table below sets forth certain information as of May 31, 2001 regarding
beneficial ownership of Belco capital stock by (1) each person, or group of
affiliated persons, known by Belco to own beneficially 5% or more of Belco's
outstanding capital stock, (2) each of Belco's directors and executive officers
and (3) all of Belco's executive officers and directors as a group.

                                                                   
AMOUNT AND NATURE OF
                                                                  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP AS   PERCENT OF
TITLE OF CLASS OF STOCK   NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER      OF MAY 31, 2001(1)        CLASS
- -----------------------   ------------------------------------    -----------------------   
----------

Common                   Robert A. Belfer**....................          9,671,749(2)          28.8%
  Convertible Preferred  767 Fifth Avenue, 46th Floor New York,            514,000(3)          17.5%(13)
                           New York 10153
Common                   Renee E. Belfer.......................          3,329,372(4)          10.1%
                         767 Fifth Avenue, 46th Floor
                           New York, New York 10153
Common                   Laurence D. Belfer**..................          3,729,498(5)          11.3%
                         767 Fifth Avenue, 46th Floor
                           New York, New York 10153
Common                   Jack Saltz**..........................          2,116,375(6)           6.4%
  Convertible Preferred  767 Fifth Avenue, 46th Floor                       60,000              2.0%(13)
                         New York, New York 10153
Common                   Saltz Investment Group, LLC...........          1,883,223              5.7%
                         767 Fifth Avenue, 46th Floor
                           New York, New York 10153
Common                   Robert A. Belfer Descendant's Trust...          1,642,040              5.0%
                         (formerly 1983 Grantor Trust)
                           767 Fifth Avenue, 46th Floor
                           New York, New York 10153
Common                   Dominick J. Golio.....................            245,362(7)             *
Common                   Grant Henderson**.....................            257,258(8)             *
  Convertible Preferred                                                      2,000                *(13)
Common                   Shiv Sharma...........................            334,054(9)           1.0%
Common                   Graham Allison**......................             55,000(10)            
*
Common                   Daniel C. Arnold**....................             51,000(10)(11)        *
Common                   Alan D. Berlin**......................             16,500(10)            *
Common                   All directors and executive officers
                           as a
                         group (10 persons)....................         16,607,516(12)         48.6%

- ---------------

  *  Less than 1%

 **  Director of Belco

 (1) Under the regulations of the SEC, shares are deemed to be "beneficially
     owned" by a person if he or she directly or indirectly has or shares the
     power to vote or dispose of such shares, whether or not he or she has any
     pecuniary interest in such shares, or if he or she has the right to acquire
     the power to vote or dispose of such shares within 60 days, including any
     right to acquire such power through the exercise of any option, warrant or
     right.

 
(2) Does not include shares owned by Robert A. Belfer's spouse, or certain
     trusts of which his children or grandchildren are beneficiaries, totaling
     4,971,412 shares, of which he disclaims beneficial ownership.
Includes
     713,500 shares held by Robert A. Belfer as Trustee of the Robert A. and

     Renee E. Belfer Family Foundation of which he disclaims beneficial
     ownership.
Includes 514,000 shares of Belco preferred stock convertible
     into Belco common stock at a conversion rate of 1.1292 shares of Belco
     common stock for each share of Belco preferred stock.

 
(3) Includes 140,000 shares of Belco preferred stock owned by A & B Investors,
     Inc. of which Mr. Belfer is a 50% owner.
Does not include 18,000 shares of
     Belco preferred stock owned by Robert A. Belfer's spouse.

 
(4) Renee E. Belfer is the spouse of Robert A. Belfer and mother of Laurence D.
     Belfer.
Includes 503,446 shares held by trusts of which Renee E. Belfer is
     sole trustee and the beneficiaries of which are her children.