URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/869425/000095013001503309/0000950130-01-503309.txt

SPECIAL FACTORS

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER.

   
In the summer and fall of 1999, the Peapod Board began to explore possible
means of raising additional capital.
From January through early March 2000,
Peapod engaged in negotiations with prospective investors regarding a possible
financing transaction.
On March 15, 2000, those prospective investors informed
Peapod that they were not willing to proceed with a financing transaction in
light of the announcement that Peapod's then President and Chief Executive
Officer (William Malloy) did not intend to continue as President and Chief
Executive Officer of Peapod.
In late March, Peapod's independent auditors
issued a "going concern" opinion indicating substantial doubt as to Peapod's
ability to continue as a going concern, based on Peapod's recurring losses from
operations and lack of capital resources to fund Peapod's cash requirements for
fiscal 2000.
During late March 2000, Peapod contacted strategic and financial
investors, including Royal Ahold, to determine their interest in a sale or
financing transaction with Peapod.

   
On April 14, 2000, Peapod and Royal Ahold entered into a purchase agreement
(the "Purchase Agreement") whereby Peapod agreed, subject to obtaining
stockholder approval, to issue and sell to Royal Ahold, and Royal Ahold agreed
to purchase from Peapod for an aggregate purchase price of $72,637,024 in cash:
(1) 726,321 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ("Series B Shares"),
initially convertible into 19,369,873 Shares (representing approximately 51% of
the voting power of Peapod at that time), and (2) warrants ("Preferred
Warrants") to purchase an additional 32,894,270 Shares at an exercise price of
$3.75 per share.
In addition, on April 14, 2000, Royal Ahold and Peapod entered
into a credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") whereby Royal Ahold provided
to Peapod a $20 million secured revolving credit facility maturing in April
2003.
In connection with the Credit Agreement, Peapod granted Royal Ahold
warrants to purchase 100,000 Shares at $3.00 per share and 3,566,667 Shares at
$3.00 per share ("Credit Facility Warrants", and together with the Preferred
Warrants, the "Warrants").
The Series B Shares and the Warrants are subject to
antidilution protection that provides, among other things, that an issuance of
securities at a price below (1) the conversion price of the Series B Shares
will result in an adjustment of the conversion price of the Series B Shares to
the price of the newly issued shares, and (2) the exercise price of the
Warrants will result in an adjustment of the exercise price of the Warrants to
the price of the newly issued shares and an increase in the number of Shares
receivable upon exercise of the Warrants.
Under the Purchase Agreement, Royal
Ahold agreed to a standstill provision which provided that prior to April 14,
2001, Royal Ahold would not enter into any transaction that would result in the
elimination of Shares held by Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its
Affiliates) unless approved by an independent committee of the Peapod Board.

   
On June 30, 2000, following receipt of stockholder approval, Peapod issued
and Royal Ahold acquired the Series B Shares and the Warrants pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement.

   
On October 6, 2000, Royal Ahold purchased 2,331,917 Shares at a price of
$1.125 per share pursuant to an unsolicited brokerage transaction.

   
On October 12, 2000, Peapod and Royal Ahold entered into the Exchange
Agreement and First Amendment to Purchase Agreement (the "Exchange Agreement"),
pursuant to which Royal Ahold exchanged the Series B Shares held by it for an
equal number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock ("Series C
Shares").
The terms of the Series C Shares are the same as the terms of the
Series B Shares, except that, in lieu of a provision for mandatory redemption
by Peapod of the Series B Shares, the terms of the Series C Shares provide for
an increase in the dividend rate of the Series C Shares beginning on June 30,
2008.

   
Royal Ahold has nominated six of Peapod's current directors.
Messrs. William
J. Grize, Brian Hotarek, Ronald van Solt, Gary Preston, Marc E. Smith and
Maarten Dorhout Mees are employees of Royal Ahold or its Affiliates and were
appointed to the Peapod Board in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and the
Certificate of Designation of the Series C Shares.

   
In the summer of 2000, the Peapod Board began to consider alternatives for
financing Peapod's future operations and growth.
In late fall of 2000, Peapod
management and representatives of Royal Ahold met with six financial advisors
to discuss their interest in working with Peapod and to seek their preliminary
thoughts on financing opportunities that might be available to Peapod.

   
Based in part on the preliminary input from those financial advisors, Peapod
management and Royal Ahold viewed a rights offering which would provide all
existing Peapod stockholders the right to purchase additional Shares or an
acquisition by Royal Ahold of all the Shares other than Shares owned by Royal
Ahold as the most achievable financing alternatives for Peapod.

   
To assist Peapod in meeting its short term working capital requirements, and
in view of the fact that Peapod was expecting its independent auditors again to
issue a "going concern" opinion indicating substantial doubt as to Peapod's
ability to continue as a going concern, on February 26, 2001, Royal Ahold
agreed to increase its commitment under the Credit Agreement from $20 million
to $50 million.
On March 30, 2001, Royal Ahold agreed to increase the amount
Peapod could borrow in any one calendar month under the Credit Agreement from
$3 million to $6 million.
In addition, on March 30, 2001, Royal Ahold agreed to
allow Peapod to defer until Peapod completed a financing transaction (1)
payment of dividends due on the Series C Shares (and the previously held Series
B Shares) and (2) payment of interest under the Credit Agreement.

   
In early 2001, the Peapod Board considered its alternatives for financing
and determined that any financing transaction to raise additional capital (1)
was likely to trigger repayment of debt under the Credit Agreement, (2) was
likely to trigger payment of accrued dividends on the Series C Shares (and the
previously held Series B Shares) held by Royal Ahold, and (3) was likely to be
dilutive to existing Holders and potential third party investors given Royal
Ahold's antidilution rights.
Prior to the appointment of the Special Committee,
Sidley Austin Brown & Wood ("Sidley Austin"), counsel to Peapod, advised Peapod
Board members of their fiduciary duties under the DGCL and counseled them
regarding interested directors and committees of independent directors.
In view
of Royal Ahold's equity position in Peapod, its representation on the Peapod
Board and the fact that Royal Ahold was likely to be a significant participant
in any financing transaction, the Peapod Board determined to establish the
Special Committee to explore financing alternatives.
On March 29, 2001, the
Peapod Board appointed Trygve Myhren and Mark VanStekelenburg, both independent
directors, as the members of the Special Committee to take such steps as they
deemed appropriate to consider all aspects of financing alternatives available
to Peapod for the purpose of raising interim and long-term financing.
The
Special Committee was authorized to retain such legal counsel, financial
advisors and other agents as the Special Committee deemed advisable, and was
directed to report its recommendations regarding financing alternatives to the
full Peapod Board at such time as the Special Committee deemed appropriate.

   
On March 30, 2001, Mr. VanStekelenburg contacted Morris, Nichols, Arsht &
Tunnell ("Morris, Nichols") to discuss the Special Committee's assignment and
to interview Morris, Nichols for the role of legal counsel to the Special
Committee.
On April 2, 2001, the Special Committee held a teleconference with
Morris, Nichols, at which time Morris, Nichols discussed its experience in
representing special committees, the Special Committee's fiduciary duties under
the DGCL, and the scope of the Special Committee's assignment.
The Special
Committee then determined to retain Morris, Nichols as its legal counsel based
on such discussions and Morris, Nichols' qualifications and experience in
special committee matters.

   
Morris, Nichols and the Special Committee contacted three nationally
recognized investment banks, which Peapod management had advised did not have a
conflict with respect to Peapod or Royal Ahold, to discuss the Special
Committee's need for an independent financial advisor.
One of these three
declined to be interviewed, as did a fourth investment bank contacted by
Morris, Nichols.
The Special Committee and Morris, Nichols interviewed
representatives of William Blair and one other nationally recognized investment
bank in New York City on April 5.
The Special Committee determined to retain
William Blair, based on its expertise in similar merger and acquisition
transactions and its familiarity with Peapod as a result of William Blair's
analyst coverage of Peapod and work for Peapod in connection with its initial
public offering.

   
William Blair and Morris, Nichols then commenced a due diligence
investigation of Peapod.
William Blair focused particularly on the financial
and operating condition of Peapod and the amount of financing that management
estimated was necessary to fund Peapod's capital requirements in order to reach
a positive cash

flow position.
A strategic plan was being developed by Peapod management based
on a moderated growth strategy that management projected would result in a
positive cash flow position in the third quarter of 2004.
On April 19, William
Blair informed the Special Committee that management's preliminary estimate was
that its plan would require approximately $110 million, which included $25-$30
million in accrued dividends on the Series C Shares (and the previously held
Series B Shares) owed to Royal Ahold, as well as future dividends payable to
Royal Ahold through 2003, and repayment of principal and interest on the Credit
Agreement from Royal Ahold.
William Blair advised the Special Committee that
full funding of the plan was important if Peapod were to be successful in
raising capital from third parties and maintaining a public market for its
stock.
William Blair noted that Peapod's share price average daily trading
volume had declined substantially in 2001 compared to prior years, that Peapod
lacked the support of "Wall Street" research analysts and that there had been a
decline in institutional ownership of Peapod Shares.
William Blair also advised
that under the antidilution terms of the Series C Shares and Warrants held by
Royal Ahold, an issuance of equity at or near the current stock price would
result in a repricing of the conversion price of the Series C Shares and the
exercise price of the Warrants and would significantly increase the number of
Shares receivable by Royal Ahold upon conversion of the Series C Shares or
exercise of the Warrants.
The Special Committee and William Blair determined
that the significant dilution that would result from a rights offering at the
then current stock price as a result of the antidilution provisions of the
Series C Shares and the Warrants would likely have a negative effect on
Peapod's share price and further decrease institutional interest in the stock.

   
On April 27, 2001, Peapod management provided its $110 million strategic
plan to the Special Committee.
For further information about management's $110
million plan, see "The Tender Offer--Section 7--Certain Information Concerning
Peapod--Certain Projected Financial Data for Peapod."
Also on April 27, 2001,
the Special Committee and William Blair had a teleconference with Mr. Michiel
Meurs, the Chief Financial Officer of Royal Ahold, to assess whether Royal
Ahold was amenable to a rights offering or other financing transaction under
terms that would be acceptable from the perspective of Holders (other than
Royal Ahold and its Affiliates).
William Blair discussed management's $110
million plan and the potential benefits of Peapod remaining a public company,
including incentivizing management, retaining Peapod's entrepreneurial spirit
and maintaining access to U.S. capital markets.
Mr. Meurs said that Royal Ahold
would support Peapod and would consider funding $50 million in 2001 whether by
subscribing to its pro rata amount in a rights offering or through another
financing transaction, but did not see the need to fund the full plan now.
He
also stated that Royal Ahold intended to maintain its majority ownership
position in Peapod and wished to achieve 80% ownership for tax consolidation
purposes if Peapod pursued a rights offering.

   
On May 4, 2001, the Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and William Blair met
in Washington, D.C. to discuss William Blair's preliminary analysis of Peapod's
financial situation and the potential alternatives available to Peapod.
William
Blair made a presentation based on certain preliminary discussion materials
prepared for the Special Committee.
A copy of the May 4, 2001, presentation by
William Blair to the Special Committee is attached as Exhibit (c)(4) to the
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (the "Schedule TO").
With respect to
Peapod's financial condition, factors discussed included Peapod's first quarter
results, including the announcement that Peapod had reached market level
operating profitability for March 2001 in Chicago; the range in Peapod's stock
price since December 2000 ($0.69 to $1.97; $1.22 as of May 1, 2001); the lack
of following of the stock in the investment community; the possibility of
non-compliance with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq National
Market ("Nasdaq") and potential delisting of the Shares by Nasdaq; management's
strategic plan to focus on reaching operating profitability in Peapod's
existing markets, which plan management estimated would require $110 million;
Peapod's relationship with Royal Ahold and the terms of Royal Ahold's
investment in Peapod, including the antidilution terms of the Series C Shares
and the Warrants; and various financial information relating to such matters as
Peapod's projected cash requirements, its historical and projected income
statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement, and other information
regarding the performance of Peapod's stock.
William Blair then discussed its
analysis of the potential financial alternatives available to Peapod, including
such alternatives as a debt issuance, follow-on equity offering, rights
offering, private placement or going private transaction, and discussed such
factors as the potential benefits of staying public, the key requirements to
attract third party capital (including a fully funded plan, waiver or
significant

adjustment to the antidilution terms of the Series C Shares and the Warrants,
extension of a standstill restriction on Royal Ahold and continued listing on
Nasdaq), the potential future price of Peapod's stock if it remained public, an
analysis of a going private transaction under different scenarios, the
potential value of Peapod's net operating losses to Royal Ahold and a
discounted cash flow analysis of Peapod.
It was also discussed that a partial
funding of management's plan would likely require Peapod to seek another
financing in early 2002, which, based on the antidilution terms of the Series C
Shares and Warrants, could result in Royal Ahold owning over 90% of Peapod's
stock and therefore having the right under Delaware law to effect a short-form
merger without a Peapod shareholder vote.
After discussing the above issues and
analyses with the Special Committee, William Blair advised that the two most
attractive options from the perspective of Holders (other than Royal Ahold and
its Affiliates) were a rights offering that would fully fund Peapod's plan and
be subject to conditions that would support its continued viability as a public
company, or an acquisition by Royal Ahold of all the Shares not owned by Royal
Ahold for the best price that the Special Committee could negotiate.
William
Blair and the Special Committee determined that the other alternatives
considered were far less attractive and likely more difficult to achieve in
light of current market conditions and the factors discussed above including
the terms of the Series C Shares, the Warrants and the Credit Agreement.

Following further discussion, the Special Committee then concluded that the
necessary conditions for a rights offering were that (1) Royal Ahold commit to
fund the full $110 million plan; (2) Royal Ahold agree to cancel any Warrants
not exercised in connection with the rights offering and waive the antidilution
adjustment on its Series C Shares; (3) Royal Ahold agree to a new standstill
agreement to remain in effect until Peapod reached profitability and to
maintain at least two independent directors; and (4) Royal Ahold agree to
eliminate or continue to waive payment of accrued dividends on its Series C
Shares.
The Special Committee believed that without these conditions and
protections, a rights offering could severely dilute Holders and cause a
decrease in the stock price while leaving Peapod still in need of funding to
execute its plan.

   
On May 16, 2001, the Special Committee and William Blair had a
teleconference with Mr. Meurs to convey the Special Committee's proposal to
structure a rights offering on the terms described above.
Mr. Meurs replied in
writing the next day that (1) Royal Ahold would only consider a total funding
of $60 million; (2) Royal Ahold would require that the proceeds first be used
to pay dividends due on the Series C Shares (and the previously held Series B
Shares) and payment of principal and interest under the Credit Agreement from
Royal Ahold; (3) Royal Ahold would not waive any antidilution rights with
respect to the Warrants; and (4) Royal Ahold would only agree to a standstill
agreement that required it not to exceed 90% ownership of Peapod until the day
prior to Peapod's next equity funding.
Mr. Meurs also said that Royal Ahold
would consider waiving the triggering of the antidilution rights on its Series
C Shares as a result of such a rights offering and would consider agreeing to
exercise Warrants at the adjusted price following the rights offering to ensure
that $60 million was raised.

   
The Special Committee considered Royal Ahold's position at teleconference
meetings of the Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and William Blair on May 21
and May 23, 2001.
The Special Committee also considered management's revised
strategic plan (the "Peapod Revised Plan"), which required approximately $115
million in order for Peapod to reach a positive cash flow position in the third
quarter of 2003, rather than the third quarter of 2004.
For further information
about the Peapod Revised Plan, see "The Tender Offer--Section 7--Certain
Information Concerning Peapod--Certain Projected Financial Data for Peapod."
The Special Committee concluded that it could only recommend a rights offering
if the requirements communicated to Royal Ahold, including full funding of the
Peapod Revised Plan, were satisfied, although the Special Committee concluded
that it would agree to (1) permit Royal Ahold's unexercised Warrants to remain
outstanding so long as the exercise price did not adjust downward as a result
of the rights offering; (2) modify certain provisions of the standstill
agreement it would require; and (3) permit the use of proceeds from the rights
offering to pay dividends on the Series C Shares and repay debt owed to Royal
Ahold.

   
On May 24, 2001, William Blair sent a letter to Mr. Meurs setting forth the
conditions that the Special Committee considered necessary to proceed with a
rights offering, as described above.
On June 3, 2001, Mr. Meurs replied in
writing that Royal Ahold was not prepared to change its position but was still
willing to consider a $60 million rights offering on the terms Royal Ahold had
previously stated.

   
In the interim, Peapod received a letter dated May 24, 2001 from Nasdaq
stating that based on Peapod's Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2001,
Peapod was no longer in compliance with the minimum $4 million net tangible
asset requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq or the new continued listing
standard of $10 million in stockholders' equity.
Based on various discussions
among Peapod, Sidley Austin and representatives of Nasdaq during the month of
June as well as written correspondence from Peapod to Nasdaq articulating
Peapod's belief that it could achieve a financing transaction involving Royal
Ahold in the near future, Nasdaq agreed, in a letter to Peapod dated July 5,
2001 to grant Peapod an extension until August 31, 2001 to regain compliance
with the Nasdaq listing standards.
In the event Peapod were unable to do so,
Nasdaq indicated that it would provide Peapod with written notification that
its securities would be delisted.
The Special Committee was kept apprised of
the ongoing Nasdaq issue.

   
At a teleconference meeting of the Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and
William Blair on June 5, 2001, the Special Committee determined that it could
not recommend a rights offering based on Royal Ahold's suggested modifications
to the Special Committee's proposal.
The Special Committee therefore decided to
inform Royal Ahold that if it remained unwilling to structure a rights offering
on the Special Committee's terms, the Special Committee would request that
Royal Ahold make a proposal to acquire all the Shares not owned by Royal Ahold
at a fair price.
The Special Committee directed William Blair to draft a letter
requesting such a proposal and to begin work on analyses that could be used to
negotiate for the highest possible price.

   
On June 8, 2001, at the Special Committee's direction, William Blair sent a
letter to Mr. Meurs informing Royal Ahold of the Special Committee's request
for Royal Ahold to make a proposal to acquire all the Shares not owned by Royal
Ahold.
The letter noted that the Special Committee believed that the stock
price at the time ($1.16) did not reflect Peapod's underlying fair value as a
result of several factors, including (1) the depressed level of public equity
markets, particularly for electronic commerce related companies; (2) Peapod's
minimal institutional stockholder base and low trading volume; and (3)
uncertainty surrounding Peapod's future funding and its strategic reliance on
Royal Ahold.

   
On June 22, 2001, Mr. Meurs responded in writing that although Royal Ahold
preferred a financing on the terms it had previously proposed, it was willing
to enter into discussions to develop a mutually acceptable proposal for Royal
Ahold to acquire all the remaining shares of Peapod.
He stated that Royal Ahold
did not believe that any such proposal would be at a price in excess of $1.50
per share, which he noted would represent a 20% premium over the average
closing price of Peapod's stock for the 30 trading day period ending on June
22, 2001 and a 50% premium over the closing stock price on June 20, 2001.
He
also noted the importance of moving quickly given Peapod's need for funding and
the Nasdaq's recent notifications with respect to delisting.

   
On June 26 and June 29, 2001, the Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and
William Blair met by teleconference to discuss Mr. Meurs' response.
The Special
Committee noted that although $1.50 per share represented an attractive premium
to Peapod's current stock price, it believed that other commonly used valuation
methods could support a valuation in excess of $1.50 per share and should be
considered by Royal Ahold.
The Special Committee therefore directed William
Blair to identify certain alternative valuation approaches to Royal Ahold to
provide a framework for Royal Ahold to perform analyses on a basis other than
its premium-to-market approach.
On June 29, 2001, William Blair sent Mr. Meurs
a memorandum setting forth certain information relating to comparable merger
transactions and discounted cash flow, two commonly used valuation
methodologies.
William Blair also noted that Peapod's current and projected
operating losses could represent a significant tax benefit to an acquiror with
positive operating profits.

   
On July 2, 2001, the Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and William Blair
met again by teleconference with Mr. Meurs and other representatives of Royal
Ahold and White & Case LLP ("White & Case"), counsel for Royal Ahold.
Mr. Meurs
said that certain of the information provided by William Blair, particularly
with respect to other merger transactions, implied values far in excess of what
it deemed reasonable for Peapod.
The Special Committee responded that it did
not require a price toward the top of such ranges, but did believe Royal Ahold
should consider other valuation methods which would result in a higher price
than $1.50.
Mr. Meurs indicated

that he felt that it would be impossible to bridge the gap between the
valuations suggested by the Special Committee's and Ahold's views.
Mr. Meurs
agreed to reconsider such alternative methods but told the Special Committee
not to expect any significant increase in the price that Royal Ahold would
consider proposing and strongly advised the Committee to reconsider the $60
million rights offering under the terms described by Royal Ahold.

   
On July 5, 2001, the Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and William Blair
met again with Mr. Meurs and other representatives of Royal Ahold and White &
Case.
Mr. Meurs said that Royal Ahold was not prepared to make a proposal at
this time but that in order to be responsive to the Special Committee's request
had reviewed the analyses previously provided by William Blair on behalf of the
Special Committee.
As a result of this review Mr. Meurs stated that he did not
believe that any proposal ultimately made by Royal Ahold would be at a price in
excess of $1.55.
Mr. Meurs stated that in light of this gap, he believed the
Special Committee should reconsider the $60 million rights offering under the
terms described by Royal Ahold.
The Committee responded that in light of Royal
Ahold's unwillingness to agree to the requests of the Special Committee
described above, the Special Committee would not be able to recommend such a
rights offering.
The Special Committee then again stated that it was not
requiring a price at the high range of the prices suggested by certain of the
information provided to Royal Ahold and would consider a price in the range of
$2.00 to $4.00.
At the request of the Special Committee, Mr. Meurs agreed to
reconsider his unwillingness to consider purchasing the remaining outstanding
Shares at a price in excess of $1.55.

   
Later on July 5, 2001, White & Case called Morris, Nichols to discuss the
form a transaction would take if a proposal were to be made.
Morris, Nichols
indicated that the Special Committee would prefer a tender offer followed by a
merger so that Holders could obtain cash for their shares as soon as possible.

White & Case stated Royal Ahold's position that it was not interested in
selling any of its Peapod Shares.

   
At a teleconference meeting on July 6, 2001, Mr. Meurs advised the Special
Committee that although he still preferred to provide additional financing to
Peapod through a rights offering, he understood that the Special Committee
would not agree to any financing transaction without requiring Royal Ahold to
give up substantive pre-existing rights, such as antidilution provisions in the
Series C Shares and Warrants.
Since Royal Ahold would not agree to this, Mr.
Meurs indicated that although he could not yet make a proposal, he would
recommend to the Royal Ahold Supervisory Board that he be authorized to offer
$2.10 per share for the remaining Shares of Peapod.
Following further
discussion and negotiations on the teleconference, Mr. Meurs agreed to consider
$2.15.
White & Case and Morris, Nichols were directed to begin preparation of
transaction documents in the event that a proposal at that price would be
authorized.

   
On the night of July 10, 2001, White & Case distributed an initial draft of
the merger agreement.
On the night of July 11, 2001, Morris, Nichols sent their
written comments on the merger agreement to White & Case.
On July 12 and July
13, 2001, White & Case, Morris, Nichols and Sidley Austin, counsel to Peapod,
discussed the comments from Morris, Nichols, including the scope of Peapod's
representations, the scope of the conditions to the Offer, the scope of the no
solicitation covenant on Peapod and the size of the break-up fee.
Morris,
Nichols requested that the representations be limited due to the relationship
between Royal Ahold and Peapod.
White & Case insisted on full representations
with disclosure schedules but stated that it would only perform limited due
diligence.
Morris, Nichols also requested that the conditions to the Offer be
limited and Royal Ahold's request for a break-up fee of 6% of the transaction
value (approximately $2,096,000) plus transaction expenses be eliminated.

During discussions with Morris, Nichols, White & Case indicated that Royal
Ahold would be flexible on these issues.

   
On July 13, 2001, the Special Committee met by teleconference with Morris,
Nichols and William Blair to consider the terms of the draft merger agreement
and to receive a presentation from William Blair regarding the fairness of the
potential transaction.
Morris, Nichols reviewed with the Special Committee its
fiduciary duties and explained the terms of the merger agreement, focusing
particularly on provisions that had changed from the prior drafts of the merger
agreement circulated to the Special Committee.

   
The Special Committee, Morris, Nichols and William Blair then called Mr.
Meurs and received Royal Ahold's proposal for a transaction at $2.15 per share.

The Special Committee then resumed its meeting with Morris, Nichols and William
Blair.
William Blair gave a detailed presentation based on its materials
previously furnished to the Special Committee, which summarized William Blair's
financial analyses and assessed the fairness of the $2.15 price under various
valuation methods.
A copy of the presentation by William Blair to the Special
Committee is attached as Exhibit (c)(5) to the Schedule TO.
Upon completing its
presentation, William Blair informed the Special Committee that, subject to the
assumptions and qualifications stated in the written fairness opinion that it
was prepared to deliver to the Special Committee, it was of the opinion that
the $2.15 price to be received by Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its
Affiliates) was fair to such stockholders from a

                                     13.1

financial point of view.
Several of the factors considered by the Special
Committee throughout its process were then reviewed by Morris, Nichols and
William Blair.
The Special Committee members then concluded that in their
judgment the $2.15 price was fair, was the best price that could be obtained
from Royal Ahold and that the proposed transaction was the best alternative for
Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates).
Morris, Nichols was
directed to negotiate a satisfactory resolution of the outstanding issues in
the merger agreement and report to the Special Committee at a teleconference
meeting to be held on July 16 prior to a scheduled meeting of the full Peapod
Board to consider the proposed transaction.

   
On July 14 and 15, 2001, Morris, Nichols, White & Case and Sidley Austin
continued the negotiations on the outstanding issues in the Merger Agreement.

At the conclusion of the negotiations Royal Ahold agreed to reduce the break-up
fee to $500,000 plus transaction expenses.

   
At its teleconference meeting on July 16, the Special Committee was informed
by Morris, Nichols of the final changes to the merger agreement negotiated
since July 13.
William Blair reiterated its oral fairness opinion and said that
it was prepared to deliver a final written opinion.
The Special Committee
members then unanimously approved resolutions declaring the Merger Agreement,
the Offer and the Merger fair to and in the best interests of Peapod and its
stockholders (other than Royal Ahold and its affiliates); recommending that the
full Peapod Board approve and declare advisable the Merger Agreement, the Offer
and the Merger; and resolving to recommend, subject to the terms and conditions
of the Merger Agreement, that Peapod's stockholders accept the tender offer,
tender their shares pursuant thereto and approve and adopt the Merger Agreement
and the Merger if submitted for their approval.

   
After the meeting of the Special Committee, a meeting of the full Peapod
Board was convened by teleconference.
In attendance were the members of the
Special Committee and directors Parkinson, van Gelder, McLane, Hotarek and
Smith.

   
At the meeting, Sidley Austin advised the Peapod Board as to the directors'
fiduciary duties.
The Special Committee advised the Peapod Board regarding its
analysis and conclusions.
William Blair gave a presentation based on the
materials it had prepared for the Special Committee, which had also been
circulated to the Peapod Board in advance of the meeting, and delivered its
oral fairness opinion to the board.
Morris, Nichols then described the terms of
the Merger Agreement and related documents, after which the Special Committee
members recommended that the Peapod Board approve the transaction.
Sidley
Austin then reviewed the resolutions being proposed for adoption by the Peapod
Board, which were adopted by all the directors present, with Messrs. Hotarek
and Smith abstaining.

   
Following the Peapod Board meeting, Peapod and Royal Ahold announced in a
joint press release that the parties had executed the Merger Agreement
providing for the Offer and Merger to acquire all Shares of Peapod at a price
of $2.15 per share.

   
On July 25, 2001, the Peapod Board met to consider an amendment to the
Merger Agreement to conform certain covenants in the Merger Agreement relating
to the cancellation of Peapod options to the plans under which such options
were issued and to approve and ratify the Merger Agreement as so amended.
In
attendance were the members of the Special Committee and directors Parkinson,
van Gelder, McLane, Hotarek and Smith.
Following the Special Committee's
approval of the amendment, all the directors in attendance approved the
amendment and approved and ratified the actions taken by the Peapod Board on
July 16 and the Merger Agreement as amended, with Messrs. Hotarek and Smith
abstaining.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PEAPOD;
FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER.


Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Peapod Board

   On July 16, 2001, the Special Committee: (1) determined that the Merger
Agreement, the Offer and the Merger are fair to and in the best interests of
Peapod and its Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates), (2)
determined that the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger should be
approved and declared advisable by the Peapod Board and (3) resolved subject to
the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, to recommend that Peapod's
Holders accept the Offer, tender their Shares pursuant thereto and approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger if submitted for their approval.

   
On July 16, 2001, the Peapod Board, based upon the unanimous recommendation
of the Special Committee: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Offer
and the Merger are fair to and in the best interests of the Holders (other than
Royal Ahold and its Affiliates), (2) approved and declared advisable the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including, without
limitation, the Offer and the Merger and (3) resolved, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, to recommend that the Holders accept the
Offer, tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve and adopt the
Merger Agreement and the Merger if submitted for their approval.
In light of
their positions as officers of Royal Ahold or its Affiliates, Messrs. Mees, van
Solt, Grize, Preston, Smith and Hotarek either did not attend the meeting or
abstained from voting at the Peapod Board meeting regarding the Merger
Agreement, the Merger and the Offer.

   
On July 25, 2001, the Peapod Board met to consider an amendment to the
Merger Agreement and to approve and ratify the Merger Agreement as so amended.

Following the Special Committee's approval of the amendment, all the directors
in attendance approved the amendment and approved and ratified the actions
taken by the Peapod Board on July 16 and the Merger Agreement as amended, with
Messrs. Dorhout Mees, van Solt, Grize, Preston, Smith and Hotarek either not
attending or abstaining.


Fairness of the Offer and the Merger

  The Special Committee

   In reaching the recommendations described above, the Special Committee
considered a number of factors, including the following:

   1.
Peapod's Operating and Financial Condition.
The Special Committee took
into account the current and historical financial condition and results of
operations of Peapod, as well as the prospects and strategic objectives of
Peapod, including the risks involved in achieving those prospects and
objectives, and the current and expected conditions in the industry in which
Peapod operates.

   
2.
Management's Fully Funded Plan.
The Special Committee considered Peapod
management's estimate of the funding necessary to fund management's strategic
plan and the Special Committee's conclusion regarding the importance of fully
funding that plan.

   
3. Valuation Analysis and Financing Alternatives.
The Special Committee took
into account William Blair's presentations and analyses regarding the value of
Peapod and the financing alternatives available to it.
In particular, the
Special Committee considered the alternative of a rights offering, the terms
and conditions of such an offering, including the terms and conditions
necessary in the Special Committee's judgment for such an offering to benefit
Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates), and the Special
Committee's negotiations with Royal Ahold regarding such terms and conditions.

   
4. Stock Performance.
The Special Committee took into account the historical
and projected market price of Peapod's shares of Common Stock, the small public
float and low trading volume of such stock and the difficulty of attracting
institutional investors.
The Special Committee also considered the risk and
effect of a potential delisting by Nasdaq.

   
5.
Royal Ahold Investment and Strategic Reliance.
The Special Committee took
into account Royal Ahold's current equity position in Peapod, the terms of the
Series C Shares and Warrants held by Royal Ahold, Peapod's Credit Agreement
with Royal Ahold and Peapod's strategic reliance on Royal Ahold.
The Special
Committee considered the fact that Royal Ahold currently owns stock
representing approximately 58% of the combined voting power of Peapod's
outstanding stock.
The Special Committee also took into account Royal Ahold's
position during negotiations with the Special Committee that it had no interest
in, and would not consider, a sale of any portion of its ownership interest in
Peapod as part of any alternative to its proposal.
Accordingly, the Special
Committee concluded that an acquisition of Peapod by a third party was not a
feasible alternative.

   
6.
Transaction Financial Terms/Premium To Market Price.
The Special
Committee considered that the price to be paid in the Offer and the Merger
represents a premium of 72% over the closing price per share of $1.25 on July
13, 2001, the last trading day before the announcement of the transaction, and
a premium of 126.3% over the closing price per share of $0.95 on July 5, the
last closing price prior to the time that Mr. Meurs

said he would seek authorization for the $2.15 offer proposal.
The Special
Committee also considered that the $2.15 Offer Price represented an increase of
43.3% over the price that Royal Ahold initially indicated that it would
consider proposing.
Although the Offer Price is below certain historical prices
of Peapod's shares of Common Stock, the Special Committee considered that the
limited float in the Shares and low trading volume were impediments to the
Shares trading at levels in excess of the Offer Price.

   
The Special Committee believes that, after extensive negotiations by the
Special Committee with Royal Ahold, Peapod has obtained the highest price per
Share that Royal Ahold is willing to pay.
The Special Committee took into
account the fact that the terms of the Offer and Merger were determined through
negotiations between Royal Ahold on the one hand, and the Special Committee and
its financial and legal advisors on the other hand, all of whom are
unaffiliated with Royal Ahold, and the judgment of the Special Committee that,
based upon the negotiations that had transpired, a price higher than $2.15
could not likely be obtained and that further negotiations with Royal Ahold
could cause Royal Ahold to retract its offer.

   
The Special Committee also considered that Royal Ahold would be able to
finance the transaction with cash on hand and that such consideration would be
taxable for federal income tax purposes.

   
7.
William Blair Fairness Opinion.
The Special Committee took into account
presentations from William Blair and the opinion of William Blair, dated July
16, 2001, that, based upon and subject to certain considerations and
assumptions, the consideration to be received by Peapod's Holders (other than
Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) in the Offer and the Merger pursuant to the
Merger Agreement is fair to such Holders from a financial point of view.
A copy
of the opinion rendered by William Blair is attached to this Offer to Purchase
as Annex C. For information regarding the analysis conducted by William Blair,
see "Special Factors--Opinion of Financial Advisor to the Special Committee.
"
Holders are urged to read this opinion and the section entitled "Special
Factors--Opinion of Financial Advisor to the Special Committee" in their
entirety.
The Special Committee was aware that William Blair becomes entitled
to certain fees described under "The Tender Offer--Section 14--Fees and
Expenses" upon the consummation of the Merger.

   
8.
Timing of Completion.
The Special Committee considered the anticipated
timing of consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, including the structure of the transaction as a tender offer for all
of the Shares, which should allow Holders to receive the transaction
consideration earlier than in an alternative form of transaction, followed by a
merger in which Remaining Holders (as defined below in ''Special
Factors--Appraisal Rights'') will receive the same consideration as received by
Holders who tender their Shares in the Offer.
The Special Committee further
noted that if sufficient Shares were tendered in the Offer to enable Royal
Ahold to effect a merger without a stockholder vote then all the stockholders
would receive their consideration more quickly than they would have had Royal
Ahold pursued a merger transaction through a stockholder vote.

   
9.
Conditions to Consummation.
The Special Committee considered the fact
that the obligation of Royal Ahold to consummate the Offer and the Merger is
subject to certain conditions but not a financing condition nor a minimum
condition with respect to the number of Shares tendered in the Offer.
The
Special Committee also took into account that neither the Special Committee nor
the Peapod Board could terminate the Merger Agreement to pursue any superior
proposal that might be made.

   
10.
Appraisal Rights.
The Special Committee considered the fact that Holders
who do not tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer will have the right to
dissent from the Merger and to demand appraisal of the fair value of their
Shares under the DGCL, whether or not a stockholder vote is required (as
described under "Special Factors--Appraisal Rights"), as well as those portions
of William Blair's valuation analyses likely to be relevant to a determination
of fair value in an appraisal proceeding under the DGCL.

   
11.
Possible Conflicts of Interest.
The Special Committee also took into
account the possible conflicts of interest of certain directors and members of
management of both Peapod and Royal Ahold and its Affiliates discussed below
under "Special Factors--Interests of Certain Persons in the Offer and the
Merger."
In that regard, the Special Committee did not consider the views of
Peapod management with respect to the treatment in

the proposed transaction of stock options and other compensation issues.
In
addition, the Special Committee did not discuss the substance of the
negotiations with the other directors or Peapod management until the Special
Committee's final report to the Peapod Board on July 16, 2001.

  
The Peapod Board

   In reaching its determinations referred to above, the Peapod Board
considered the following factors, each of which, in the view of the Peapod
Board, supports such determinations: (1) the conclusions and recommendations of
the Special Committee, (2) the factors referred to above as having been taken
into account by the Special Committee, including the receipt by the Special
Committee of William Blair's fairness opinion and (3) the fact that the price,
terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger Agreement were the result of
negotiations between the Special Committee and its financial and legal
advisors, on the one hand, and Royal Ahold and its legal advisor on the other
hand.
The Peapod Board did not independently analyze each of the factors
referred to in clause (2) above.
Instead, the Peapod Board expressly adopted
the analysis of the Special Committee and its conclusions.

   
The members of the Peapod Board, including the members of the Special
Committee but excluding members who are officers or employees of Royal Ahold or
its Affiliates, evaluated the Offer and the Merger in light of their knowledge
of the business, financial condition and prospects of Peapod, and based upon
the advice of financial and legal advisors.

   
The Peapod Board, including the members of the Special Committee, believes
that the Offer and the Merger are procedurally fair because, among other
things: (1) the Special Committee consisted of independent directors appointed
to represent the interests of Peapod's Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its
Affiliates), (2) the Special Committee retained and was advised by its own
independent legal counsel, (3) the Special Committee retained and was advised
by William Blair as its independent financial advisor, (4) the nature of the
deliberations pursuant to which the Special Committee evaluated the Offer and
the Merger and alternatives thereto and (5) the fact that the $2.15 per share
Offer Price resulted from bargaining between the Special Committee and its
financial and legal advisors, on the one hand, and Royal Ahold and its legal
advisor, on the other.

   
The Peapod Board and the Special Committee recognized that the Merger is not
structured to require the approval of a majority of the Holders of Peapod other
than Royal Ahold, and that Royal Ahold currently has sufficient voting power to
approve the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other Holder.

   
The Special Committee and the Peapod Board also recognized that, while
consummation of the Offer and the Merger will result in all Holders (other than
Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) being entitled to receive $2.15 in cash for
each of their Shares, it will eliminate the opportunity for current Holders
(other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) to participate in the benefit of
increases, if any, in the value of Peapod's business following the Merger.

Nevertheless, the Special Committee and the Peapod Board concluded that this
fact did not justify foregoing the receipt of the immediate cash premium
represented by the $2.15 Offer Price.
The Special Committee did not consider
the net book value of the Shares in determining whether to accept Royal Ahold's
offer of $2.15 per Share.
The Special Committee did evaluate Peapod as a going
concern through various analyses performed by William Blair, including in
particular the discounted cash flow analysis prepared by William Blair in
connection with its fairness opinion, which takes into account financial
forecasts.
See "Special Factors--Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the
Special Committee--Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
"

   Neither the Special Committee nor the Peapod Board considered the
liquidation of Peapod's assets and neither considered liquidation to be a
viable course of action; therefore, no appraisal of liquidation values was
sought for purposes of evaluating the Offer and the Merger.

   
In view of the wide variety of factors considered in connection with their
evaluation of the Offer and the Merger, neither the Special Committee nor the
Peapod Board found it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
attempt to assign relative weights to the specific factors they considered in
reaching their determinations.

   
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
Special Committee and the Peapod Board is not intended to be exhaustive but is
believed to include all material factors considered by the Special Committee
and the Peapod Board.


OPINION OF THE FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE.

   
The Special Committee retained William Blair as its financial advisor to act
solely on behalf of the Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) in
connection with the evaluation of financing and strategic alternatives
available to Peapod, including a possible transaction involving Royal Ahold.

After determining that an acquisition by Royal Ahold of all of the Shares not
owned by Royal Ahold at a fair price would be in the best interest of the
Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates), the Special Committee
asked William Blair to render an opinion as to whether the Offer Price proposed
to be paid to the Holders in the Offer and the Merger is fair from a financial
point of view.
On July 16, 2001, William Blair delivered an oral opinion, later
confirmed in writing as of that date, to the Special Committee that, as of that
date and based upon and subject to the assumptions and qualifications stated in
its opinion, the Offer Price was fair from a financial point of view to the
Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates).

   
The full text of William Blair's written opinion, dated July 16, 2001, is
attached as Annex C. You should read the entire opinion carefully to learn
about the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limits
of the scope of William Blair's review in rendering its opinion.
The following
summary of William Blair's opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the opinion.
William Blair's opinion was addressed to the
Special Committee for the purpose of its evaluation of the Offer Price.
William
Blair has consented to the attachment of its written opinion as Annex C and to
the inclusion of the summary set forth below in this Offer to Purchase.
The
opinion of William Blair will also be made available for inspection and copying
by any interested Holder or representative who has been so designated in
writing at the principal executive offices of Peapod which are located at 9933
Woods Drive, Skokie, Illinois 60077 during its regular business hours.

   
In connection with its opinion, William Blair, among other things:

   .   reviewed the Merger Agreement;

   .   
reviewed audited historical financial statements of Peapod for the three
       years ended December 31, 2000;

   .   
reviewed unaudited financial statements of Peapod for the three months
       ended March 31, 2001;

   .   
reviewed certain internal business, operating and financial information
       and forecasts of Peapod, including the Peapod Revised Plan, prepared by
       senior management of Peapod;

   .   
reviewed information regarding publicly available financial terms of
       certain other business combinations that William Blair deemed relevant;

   .   
reviewed the financial position and operating results of Peapod compared
       with those of certain other publicly traded companies William Blair
       deemed relevant;

   .   reviewed current and historical market prices and trading volumes of
       Peapod's Shares;

   .   
reviewed share amounts and terms of Peapod's existing Series C Shares,
       Shares and warrants and options exercisable for shares of Common Stock
       of Peapod;

   .   
reviewed the amount of Peapod's current net operating loss carryforwards
       ("NOL'S");

   .   reviewed certain other publicly available information on Peapod;

   .   
participated in discussions with senior management of Peapod; and

   .   made such other studies and inquiries, and took into account such other
       matters, as William Blair deemed relevant, including its assessment of
       general economic, market and monetary conditions as of the date of its
       opinion.

   
In William Blair's review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, it
assumed and relied, without independent verification, upon the accuracy and
completeness of all the information provided to it, examined by it or otherwise
reviewed or discussed with it for purposes of its opinion, including the Peapod
Revised Plan provided by senior management of Peapod.
William Blair did not
make or obtain an independent valuation or appraisal of the assets, liabilities
or solvency of Peapod or Royal Ahold.
William Blair was advised by the senior
management of Peapod that the Peapod Revised Plan examined by it was reasonably
prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the senior management of Peapod.
William Blair assumed that (1)
the Peapod Revised Plan would be achieved in the time periods estimated and (2)
all material assets and liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Peapod were as
set forth in Peapod's financial statements or other information made available
to it.
William Blair expressed no opinion with respect to the Peapod Revised
Plan or the estimates and judgments on which it was based.
William Blair was
not requested to, and did not, participate in the negotiation or structuring of
the Offer and the Merger, other than with respect to the Offer Price.
William
Blair assumed that the Offer and the Merger would be consummated upon the terms
set forth in the Merger Agreement without material alteration thereof.

   
The fairness opinion was based upon market, economic, financial and other
conditions as in effect on, and information made available to William Blair as
of, the date of such opinion.
The opinion noted that subsequent developments
might affect the conclusion expressed in such opinion and that William Blair
disclaimed any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any change in
any matter affecting this opinion which might come or be brought to its
attention after the date of such opinion.
The opinion is limited to the
fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of such opinion, of
the Offer Price to the Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates).
The
opinion did not address the merits of the underlying decision by Peapod to
engage in the Offer and the Merger and the opinion does not constitute a
recommendation to any Holder to tender in the Offer or as to how such Holder
should vote with respect to the Merger if such vote is required.
The following
discussion summarizes the material financial analyses William Blair performed
in arriving at its opinion.
William Blair presented the results of these
analyses to the Special Committee on July 13, 2001 and to the Peapod Board on
July 16, 2001.

   
In connection with its opinion and at the Special Committee's request,
William Blair evaluated the Offer treating the Series C Shares held by Royal
Ahold on both an as-converted basis and a not-converted basis.
When treated on
an as-converted basis, the Series C Shares are assumed to be converted into
19,369,873 shares of Common Stock based on the $3.75 conversion price.
When
treated on a not-converted basis, the Series C Shares are assumed to be valued
at the aggregate liquidation preference of $72,637,024 plus accumulated and
unpaid compounded preferred dividends (the "Liquidation Preference").

   
Stock Price Analysis.
William Blair examined the history of the trading
prices and volume for the Shares and the relationship between movements of such
Shares and movements in market indices and common stock of certain publicly
held companies in businesses William Blair believed to be comparable to Peapod.

   
William Blair noted that the twelve-month trading range for Peapod's Shares
was $0.69 to $3.50 per Share and that since December 2000, the price has ranged
from $0.69 to $1.97.
William Blair noted that the stock price as of July 11,
2001, was $1.25 and that seven, 30 and 90 days prior to that date the stock
price was $0.95, $1.20 and $0.95, respectively.
William Blair also noted that
the trading volume has declined substantially from an average of 280,997 shares
per day in 2000 to an average of 30,021 shares per day in the second quarter of
2001.
William Blair noted that the lack of meaningful institutional holdings in
Peapod and the limited research coverage contributed to the low trading volume
levels.
In addition, William Blair noted that Nasdaq also had advised Peapod
regarding potential delisting due to failure to comply with the $4 million
minimum net tangible assets requirement or the new minimum $10 million
stockholders' equity requirements for continued listing.
Nasdaq advised Peapod
that curative action had to be completed by August 31, 2001, or Peapod faced
possible delisting of its stock.

   
Capital Requirements Analysis.
William Blair reviewed the Peapod Revised
Plan that indicated Peapod's requirement to raise approximately $115 million of
new capital in order to achieve operating profitability by the end of 2003 and
a requirement to have $50 million to fund its operations for the remainder of
2001.
William Blair noted that the Special Committee and William Blair
concluded that Peapod's operating performance, market conditions in the debt
and equity capital markets and the terms of Royal Ahold's Series C Shares and
Warrants significantly decreased the likelihood of obtaining financing from
parties other than Royal Ahold.
In addition, the Special Committee and William
Blair concluded that the antidilution protection contained in the terms of the
Series C Shares and Warrants significantly decreased the likelihood of
obtaining financing from Royal Ahold on terms that would be acceptable to the
Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates).

   
Comparable Merger Transactions Analysis.
William Blair performed an analysis
of selected recent merger or acquisition transactions involving certain
business-to-consumer ("B2C")
eCommerce companies, based upon publicly available
information.
The selected transactions were chosen based on William Blair's
judgment that they were generally comparable, in whole or in part, to the
proposed transaction.
In total, William Blair examined seven transactions that
were consummated between January 1, 2000 and July 11, 2001.
The selected
transactions were not intended to be representative of the entire range of
possible relevant transactions.
Although William Blair compared the transaction
multiples of the comparable merger transactions to the implied multiples of the
Offer Price, none of the selected transactions is identical to the Merger.

   
William Blair reviewed the consideration paid in such transactions in terms
of the equity value of such transactions as a multiple of revenue and gross
profit for the last 12 months ("LTM") prior to the announcement of such
transaction.
William Blair analyzed the equity values for the selected
comparable transactions as it is believed that the market generally values B2C
eCommerce companies based on equity value to revenue and equity value to gross
profit, as these companies generally have negative earnings, minimal debt, and
cash that is required to be used to fund the build-out of the business model.

Information regarding the multiples implied by the terms of the Merger compared
to the acquisition multiples from William Blair's analysis of such transactions
is set forth in the following table.

                                                              
Comparable Multiples for Seven
                                   Implied Multiples of       Transactions of B2C eCommerce
                                  Proposed Peapod Merger                Companies
                              -------------------------------
------------------------------
                              Series C Shares Series C Shares
          Multiple             as Converted    not Converted  Relevant Range  Median   Mean
- --------                      ---------------
--------------- --------------  ------  
-----

Equity Value/LTM Revenue.....      
0.9x            1.3x       0.6x to 18.5x    1.9x    4.7x
Equity Value/LTM Gross Profit      3.7x            5.0x       2.8x to 100.6x   11.0x  24.7x

   William Blair observed that the multiples of equity value to Peapod's LTM
revenue and gross profit implied by the $2.15 Offer Price, from the perspective
of Peapod's Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates), were within
the relevant ranges implied by this comparable acquisitions analysis.

   
In addition to evaluating multiples implied in the transactions, William
Blair considered the stock price premiums paid over each of the target
company's stock price one day, seven days and 30 days prior to the announcement
of each transaction.
The premium analysis conducted by William Blair indicated
the following:

                   Proposed Peapod Relevant Transactions of B2C
                       Merger          eCommerce Companies
                   ---------------
----------------------------
     Premium                       Relevant Range  Median Mean
- -------                            ---------------
------ -----

One day premium...      72.0%       4.3% to  39.5% 14.8%  17.2%
Seven day premium.     
126.3%      17.2% to  52.2% 31.7%  33.8%
Thirty day premium      79.2%       4.3% to 163.4% 12.8%  42.0%

   For purposes of this analysis, the "one day premium" date for Peapod is July
11, 2001.
William Blair noted that the merger premiums implied by the $2.15
Offer Price compared favorably to the relevant range, median and means of the
comparable transactions and, specifically for the one day and seven day
premiums, exceeded the high end of the range of comparable transactions.

   
Analysis of Certain Publicly Traded Companies Comparable to Peapod.
William
Blair reviewed and compared certain Peapod financial information to
corresponding financial information, ratios and public market multiples for
publicly traded B2C eCommerce companies it deemed relevant.
William Blair
selected these companies because they are the publicly traded companies whose
operations and financial condition William Blair deemed most comparable to
Peapod.
Although William Blair compared the trading multiples of the selected
companies on July 11, 2001, to the implied purchase multiples of Peapod, none
of the selected companies is identical to Peapod.

   
Among the information William Blair considered were multiples of equity
value to LTM and estimated revenue and gross profit.
The multiples for the
comparable companies were based on the most recent publicly available financial
information as publicly disclosed for each company and as projected by
analysts' estimates for the year ended December 31, 2001.
William Blair
analyzed the equity value to revenues and gross profit for the selected
comparable companies as it is believed that the market generally values B2C
eCommerce companies based on equity value to revenue and equity value to gross
profit, as these companies generally have negative earnings, minimal debt, and
cash that is required to be used to fund the build-out of the business model.

   
William Blair identified Webvan as a potential comparable publicly traded
company.
While Webvan utilized a different business model than Peapod, it was
the only other publicly traded online grocer.
However, William Blair excluded
Webvan from its analysis due to its July 9, 2001 announcement of its intent to
file for bankruptcy.

   
Information regarding the multiples implied by the terms of the Merger
compared to the multiples derived from William Blair's analysis of selected
publicly traded B2C eCommerce companies are set forth in the following table.

                                              
Implied Multiples of         Selected Comparable
                                             Proposed Peapod Merger      B2C eCommerce Companies
                                         -------------------------------
------------------------
                                         Series C Shares Series C Shares
                                               as              not         Relevant
                Multiple                    Converted       Converted       Range     Median Mean
- --------                                 ---------------
---------------
------------ ------
----

Equity Value/LTM Revenue................      0.9x            1.3x       0.1x to 2.0x  0.4x  0.7x
Equity Value/LTM Gross Profit...........      3.7x            5.0x       0.9x to 7.8x  1.7x  3.1x
Equity Value/2001 Estimated Revenue.....      0.8x            1.1x       0.1x to 2.0x  0.3x  0.7x
Equity Value/2001 Estimated Gross Profit      2.3x            3.1x       0.6x to 6.7x  1.7x  2.7x

   William Blair observed that the multiples of equity value to LTM and 2001
estimated revenue and gross profit implied by the $2.15 Offer Price, from the
perspective of Peapod's Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates),
compared favorably to the relevant range, median and means of the corresponding
trading multiples of the comparable companies.

   
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
Using a discounted cash flow analysis,
William Blair estimated the net present value of Peapod's equity based on the
Peapod Revised Plan.
William Blair calculated Peapod's annual free cash flows
by adding its earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT") less taxes plus
depreciation and amortization less capital expenditures and working capital
changes.
In calculating the "terminal value," William Blair assumed multiples
of 2005 projected revenue ranging from 0.4x to 1.2x, which multiples William
Blair believed to be appropriate for such analysis based on the analysis of
comparable B2C eCommerce companies and traditional grocery companies referred
to herein.
The annual free cash flows and terminal value were discounted at
rates between 20% and 30%, based on William Blair's analysis of the appropriate
weighted average cost of

capital given Peapod's current financial condition, to determine a net present
value of Peapod.
William Blair then subtracted Peapod's net debt to determine
the net present value of Peapod's equity.
To the extent that implied net
present value of the equity was greater than the conversion price for the
Series C Shares, the Series C Shares were treated on an as-converted basis,
otherwise the Series C Shares were treated as not converted and treated as net
debt at the Liquidation Preference.
The discounted cash flow analysis includes
Royal Ahold's Warrants to the extent dilutive based on the treasury stock
method.
The discounted cash flow analysis conducted by William Blair indicated
the following range of values:

                          Discounted Cash
                           Flow Analysis
                          ----------------

Per Share Value of Peapod ($3.79) to $4.37

   William Blair noted that the $2.15 Offer Price fell within the range of
values implied by the discounted cash flow analysis.
Such analysis produced
mean and median values of $0.96 and $1.36 per share respectively, based upon
fifteen representative data points within the range mentioned above.

   
Take Private Transactions by Majority Stockholders.
William Blair performed
an analysis of selected take private transactions in which a majority
shareholder purchased all of the minority shares it did not own.
William Blair
examined 16 transactions that were announced since January 1, 1999 involving
U.S. target companies with transaction values of the minority stub less than
$100 million.
William Blair considered the premiums paid over each company's
stock price one day, seven days and 30 days prior to the announcement of the
transaction.
The take private analysis of premiums paid conducted by William
Blair indicated the following:

                                   Relevant Take Private Transactions
                   Proposed Peapod ----------------------------------
     Premium           Merger       Relevant Range    Median   Mean
- -------            --------------- ---------------   ------   
-----

One day premium...      72.0%         9.8% to 220.0%  29.5%     47.5%
Seven day premium.     
126.3%        12.0% to 113.3%  42.1%     47.3%
Thirty day premium      79.2%        14.8% to 128.6%  33.7%     42.6%

   
For purposes of this analysis, the "One day premium" date for Peapod is July
11, 2001.
William Blair noted that the merger premiums implied by the $2.15
Offer Price compared favorably with the relevant range, median and means of the
premiums for the recent take private transactions implied by this analysis.

   
In addition, William Blair analyzed the percentage increase from the initial
discussions to the final offer for each of the 16 take private transactions.

The take private analysis conducted by William Blair indicated the following:

         Proposed Peapod Merger           Relevant Take Private Transactions
- -----------------------------------------
----------------------------------
Initial Discussion Offer Price % Increase  Relevant Range    Median   Mean
- ------------------ -----------
----------
--------------    ------   -----

      $1.50           $2.15      43.3%      0.0% to 30.6%    19.0%    17.2%

   William Blair noted that the percentage increase implied by the $2.15 Offer
Price compared favorably with the relevant range, median and mean of the
increase in offer price for the recent take private transactions implied by
this analysis.

   
Premiums Paid Analysis.
In addition to evaluating multiples implied and
premiums paid in comparable B2C eCommerce transactions and premiums paid in
certain take private transactions, William Blair considered, for the 144
publicly announced transactions between January 1, 2001 and July 11, 2001 whose
equity values

ranged from $50 million to $400 million, the premiums paid over each company's
stock price one day, seven days and 30 days prior to the announcement of a
transaction.
The premiums analysis conducted by William Blair indicated the
following:

                                   Relevant Public Transactions
                   Proposed Peapod -----------------------------
     Premium           Merger       Relevant Range  Median Mean
- -------            --------------- ----------------
------ -----

One day premium...      72.0%      -91.5% to 407.4% 29.4%  38.9%
Seven day premium.     
126.3%      -91.5% to 460.8% 36.3%  47.0%
Thirty day premium      79.2%      -88.5% to 446.5% 43.5%  57.1%

   For purposes of the premiums paid analysis, the "One day premium" date for
Peapod is July 11, 2001.
William Blair noted that the merger premiums implied
by the $2.15 Offer Price compared favorably with the relevant range, median and
means of the premiums implied by this analysis.

   
Analysis of Traditional Grocer Data.
William Blair also believed that a
review and analysis of traditional grocer data was relevant given Peapod's
industry of online grocery and the belief that in the long-term, online
grocers' valuations would be increasingly influenced by valuation metrics used
to value traditional grocers with relatively less emphasis placed on valuation
metrics for B2C eCommerce companies serving retail markets other than grocery.

   
William Blair performed an analysis of selected recent merger or acquisition
transactions in the traditional grocery industry that it deemed relevant.
In
total, William Blair examined eight transactions that were announced since
January 1998 based on publicly available information.
The selected transactions
were not intended to be representative of the entire range of possible
transactions in the industry.
Although William Blair compared the transaction
multiples of the comparable grocer merger transactions to the implied multiples
of the Offer Price, none of the selected transactions is identical to the
Merger.

   
William Blair reviewed the consideration paid in such transactions in terms
of market value plus book value of total debt less cash and equivalents (the
"Enterprise Value") of such transactions as a multiple of revenue for the last
12 months prior to the announcement of such transactions.
William Blair viewed
the Enterprise Value to LTM revenue multiple as the relevant valuation metric
for traditional grocers given their established business models and profits and
capital structures that typically include both debt and equity.
Information
regarding the multiples implied by the terms of the Merger compared to the
acquisition multiples from William Blair's analysis of selected grocery
industry transactions is set forth in the following table.

                                     
Implied Multiples of        Comparable Multiples for Eight
                                    Proposed Peapod Merger      Transactions of Grocery Companies
                                -------------------------------
---------------------------------
                                Series C Shares Series C Shares    Relevant
           Multiple              as Converted    not Converted       Range       Median    Mean
- --------                        ---------------
--------------- ------------    ------    
----

Enterprise Value to LTM Revenue      1.2x            1.5x          0.2x to 1.1x   0.6x       0.7x

   William Blair noted that the multiples implied by the $2.15 Offer Price
compared favorably to the relevant range, median and mean of the multiples
implied by this comparable transaction analysis of grocery companies.

   
William Blair also reviewed and compared Peapod's financial information,
ratios and public market multiples to publicly traded companies that are
engaged in the grocery and food distribution industry.
William Blair viewed the
Enterprise Value to LTM revenue multiple as the relevant valuation metric for
the reasons previously described in this section.
Although William Blair
compared the trading multiples of the selected companies on July 11, 2001, to
the implied purchase multiples of Peapod, none of the selected companies is
identical to Peapod.

   
Information regarding the multiples implied by the terms of the Merger
compared to the multiples derived from William Blair's analysis of selected
grocery companies are set forth in the following table.

                                     
Implied Multiples of       Selected Comparable Publicly
                                    Proposed Peapod Merger        Traded Grocery Companies
                                -------------------------------
----------------------------
                                Series C Shares Series C Shares    Relevant
           Multiple              as Converted    not Converted      Range      Median  Mean
- --------                        ---------------
--------------- ------------   ------  
----

Enterprise Value to LTM Revenue      1.2x            1.5x         0.1x to 0.9x  0.3x    0.3x

   William Blair observed that the multiples implied by the $2.15 Offer Price
compared favorably, from the perspective of Peapod's Holders (other than Royal
Ahold and its Affiliates), to the relevant range, mean and median of the
corresponding trading multiples of the comparable traditional grocers.

   
Estimated Value of Peapod's Net Operating Losses.
William Blair also
examined Peapod's current NOL's and projected future operating losses and
determined that they potentially create a substantial tax benefit and
incremental value to Royal Ahold given its positive earnings.
William Blair
further estimated the present value of these current NOL's and projected future
operating losses to range from $65 million to $68 million assuming discount
rates ranging from 8.0% to 10.0%.
Although William Blair noted this potential
NOL benefit to Royal Ahold, William Blair also noted that the value of future
NOL's is predicated upon an infusion of capital required to fund the
development of Peapod's business model to reach cash flow breakeven.

   
General.
This summary is not a complete description of the analysis
performed by William Blair but contains all material elements of the analysis.

The preparation of a fairness opinion involves determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of
these methods to the particular circumstances.
Therefore, such an opinion is
not readily susceptible to summary description.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion does not involve a mathematical evaluation or weighing of the results
of the individual analyses performed, but requires William Blair to exercise
its professional judgment, based on its experience and expertise in considering
a wide variety of analyses taken as a whole.
Each of the analyses conducted by
William Blair was carried out in order to provide a different perspective on
the Merger and add to the total mix of information available.
William Blair did
not form a conclusion as to whether any individual analysis, considered in
isolation, supported or failed to support an opinion as to fairness.
Rather, in
reaching its conclusion, William Blair considered the results of the analyses
in light of each other and ultimately reached its opinion based on the results
of all analyses taken as a whole.
William Blair did not place particular
reliance or weight on any particular analysis, but instead concluded its
analyses, taken as a whole, supported its determination.
Accordingly,
notwithstanding the separate factors summarized above, William Blair believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
its analyses and the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses
and factors, may create an incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying
its opinion.
No company or transaction used in the above analyses as a
comparison is directly comparable to Peapod or the Merger.
In performing its
analyses, William Blair made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, business and economic conditions and other matters.
The analyses
performed by William Blair are not necessarily indicative of future actual
values and future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than suggested by such analyses.

   
William Blair is a nationally recognized firm and, as part of its investment
banking activities, is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with merger transactions and other types of
strategic combinations and acquisitions.
William Blair acted as the investment
banker for Peapod's initial public offering and received underwriting fees for
those services.
In the ordinary course of its business, William Blair and its
affiliates actively trade Shares of Peapod for their own accounts and for the
accounts of their customers and accordingly may hold a long or short position
in these Shares.

   
William Blair was selected by the Special Committee as a result of its
expertise in similar merger and acquisition transactions and for its knowledge
of Peapod.

   
If the Merger is consummated, William Blair will receive a fee of $722,320.

In addition, Peapod has agreed to indemnify William Blair and its affiliates
against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under applicable
securities laws and its out of pocket legal expenses in connection with any
litigation relating to the transaction.
Royal Ahold has agreed to guarantee
Peapod's obligations to William Blair pursuant to the engagement letter and
indemnification agreement between William Blair and the Special Committee.

   
William Blair was not retained as an advisor or agent to Peapod Holders
(other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) or any other person other than as
an advisor to the Special Committee.
The Offer Price was determined in
negotiations in which William Blair advised the Special Committee.
Peapod did
not impose any restrictions or limitations upon William Blair with respect to
the investigations made or the procedures that William Blair followed in
rendering its opinion.


POSITION OF ROYAL AHOLD, HOLDINGS AND THE PURCHASER REGARDING FAIRNESS OF THE
OFFER AND THE MERGER.

   
Royal Ahold, Holdings and the Purchaser believe that the consideration to be
received by the Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) pursuant to
the Offer and the Merger is fair to such Holders.
Royal Ahold, Holdings and the
Purchaser base their belief on the following factors: (1) the current and
historical financial performance of Peapod (as discussed under "The Tender
Offer--Section 7--Certain Information Concerning Peapod"); (2) the fact that
the consideration to be paid in the Offer represents a premium of 72% over the
reported closing sale price per Share on Nasdaq on July 13, 2001, the last full
trading day prior to the announcement by Royal Ahold and Peapod of the Offer;
(3) the fact that the Offer and the Merger will each provide consideration to
the Holders entirely in cash; (4) the fact that the Offer and the Merger and
the other terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement were the result of
extensive negotiations between the Special Committee and its financial and
legal advisors, on the one hand, and Royal Ahold and its legal advisor, on the
other hand; (5) the fact that the Special Committee received an opinion from
William Blair that the $2.15 per share in cash to be received by the Holders
(other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates) in the Offer and the Merger is fair
from a financial point of view to such Holders; (6) the conclusions and
recommendations of the Special Committee and the Peapod Board that each of the
Offer and the Merger is fair to and in the best interests of the Holders (other
than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates); and (7) the fact that Peapod has limited
financing available and that Nasdaq had advised Peapod regarding potential
delisting from Nasdaq due to the failure to comply with the minimum $4 million
net tangible asset requirement or the new minimum $10 million stockholders'
equity requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq.

   
Royal Ahold, Holdings and the Purchaser did not find it practicable to
assign, nor did they assign, relative weights to the individual factors
considered in reaching their conclusions as to fairness.
In light of the nature
of Peapod's business, Royal Ahold, Holdings and the Purchaser did not deem net
book value or liquidation value to be relevant indicators of the value of the
Shares.
Royal Ahold did not appoint a financial advisor to advise it on
negotiating strategies or to assist it during its negotiations with the Special
Committee.
Royal Ahold and the Purchaser believe that the Offer and the Merger
are procedurally fair to Peapod's Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its
Affiliates) based on the following factors: (1) the fact that the Special
Committee consisted of independent directors appointed to represent the
interests of Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates); (2) the fact
that the Special Committee retained and was advised by its own independent
legal counsel; (3) the fact that the Special Committee retained and was advised
by William Blair, as its independent financial advisor, to assist it in
evaluating financing alternatives and a potential transaction with Royal Ahold;
and (4) the nature of the deliberations pursuant to which the Special Committee
evaluated the Offer and the Merger and the alternatives to the Offer and the
Merger and the fact that the Offer Price resulted from extensive bargaining
between representatives of the Special Committee, on the one hand, and
representatives of Royal Ahold on the other.

   
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by Royal
Ahold, Holdings and the Purchaser is not intended to be exhaustive but is
believed to include all material factors considered by Royal Ahold and the
Purchaser.


PURPOSE AND STRUCTURE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; REASONS OF ROYAL AHOLD FOR
THE OFFER AND THE MERGER.

   
The purpose of the Offer is to enable Royal Ahold to acquire as many
outstanding Shares as possible as a first step in acquiring the entire equity
interest in Peapod.
The purpose of the Merger is for Royal Ahold to acquire all
remaining Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer.
Upon consummation of the
Merger, Peapod will become an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Royal Ahold.

The acquisition of Shares not owned by Royal Ahold has been structured as a
cash tender offer followed by a cash merger in order to effect a prompt and
orderly transfer of ownership of Peapod to Royal Ahold and the Purchaser from
all other public stockholders and to provide those other public stockholders
with cash for all of their Shares as promptly as practicable.

   
Royal Ahold's acquisition proposal was made in response to a specific
request from the Special Committee that had been established by the Peapod
Board to consider various financing alternatives.


PLANS FOR PEAPOD AFTER THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE OFFER.

   
Subject to certain matters described below, it is currently expected that,
initially following the Merger, the business and operations of Peapod will
generally continue as they are currently being conducted.
Royal Ahold currently
intends to cause Peapod's operations to continue to be run and managed by,
amongst others, Peapod's existing executive officers.
Nevertheless, Royal Ahold
may initiate a review of Peapod and its assets, corporate structure,
capitalization, operations, properties, policies, management and personnel to
determine what changes, if any, would be desirable following the Merger in
order best to organize and integrate the activities of Royal Ahold and Peapod.

In particular, following the Merger, Royal Ahold plans to change the Peapod
Board by reducing the number of directors on the board and by electing persons
as directors of Peapod who likely will be employees of Royal Ahold or Peapod or
their affiliates, and may also consider material changes in the indebtedness
and capitalization of Peapod and may consider pursuing acquisition
opportunities through Peapod.
In addition, Royal Ahold may take actions to
achieve cost savings through potential scale efficiencies.
Royal Ahold may also
take steps to align goals and rewards in the merged company organization such
as adopting a Royal Ahold incentive plan for Peapod management.
Royal Ahold
expressly reserves the right to make any changes that it deems necessary or
appropriate in light of its review or in light of future developments.

   
As a result of the completion of the Offer, the interest of Royal Ahold in
Peapod's net book value and net earnings will be in proportion to the number of
Shares acquired in the Offer plus the Shares previously owned by Royal Ahold.

If the Merger is consummated, Royal Ahold's interest in such items and in
Peapod's equity generally will equal 100%, and Royal Ahold and its subsidiaries
will be entitled to all benefits resulting from such interest, including all
income generated by Peapod's operations and any future increase in Peapod's
value.
Similarly, Royal Ahold will also bear the risk of losses generated by
Peapod's operations and any future decrease in the value of Peapod after the
Merger.
Subsequent to the Merger, current Holders (other than Royal Ahold and
its Affiliates) will cease to have any equity interest in Peapod, will not have
the opportunity to participate in the earnings and growth of Peapod after the
Merger and will not have any right to vote on corporate matters.
Similarly,
Holders will not face the risk of losses generated by Peapod's operations or
decline in the value of Peapod after the Merger.

   
The Shares are currently traded on Nasdaq.
Following the consummation of the
Merger, Peapod will no longer be a public company, the Shares will no longer be
traded on Nasdaq and the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act will
be terminated.
Accordingly, after the Merger there will be no publicly traded
equity securities of Peapod outstanding and Peapod will no longer be required
to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Commission").
See "The Tender Offer--Section 11--Effect of the Offer on the
Market for the Shares; Exchange Act Registration."
It is expected that, if
Shares are not accepted for payment by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and
the Merger is not consummated, Peapod's current management, under the general
direction of the current Peapod Board, will continue to manage Peapod as an
ongoing business.

   
Any Shares (to the extent not tendered pursuant to the Offer), and any stock
options or other stock-based awards held by any employees or directors of
Peapod will be converted as described under "Special Factors--The Merger
Agreement--The Merger.
"

   Except as otherwise discussed in this Offer to Purchase, Royal Ahold has no
present plans or proposals that would result in (1) any extraordinary corporate
transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation involving Peapod,
(2) a purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of Peapod or
(3) any other material changes to Peapod's capitalization, dividend policy,
corporate structure or business.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, officers of
Peapod will become officers of the Surviving Corporation (as defined below).


THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

   
The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Merger Agreement and the amendment thereto, which are attached as Annexes A and
B to this Offer to Purchase.
The following summary may not contain all the
information that is important to you.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
in the following summary or elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase shall have the
meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.

   
The Offer.
The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer.
The
Merger Agreement provides that Holdings will cause the Purchaser to commence
the Offer as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 15
business days from the public announcement by Royal Ahold and Peapod of the
Merger Agreement.
Subject to applicable Commission regulations, the Purchaser
(1) shall not be required to purchase, (2) may delay the payment for, and (3)
may terminate the Offer as to any Shares not already paid for if any of the
events described in "The Tender Offer--Section 12--Conditions of the Offer"
occur at any time on or after July 16, 2001.

   
Although the Purchaser has expressly reserved the right to amend or make
changes to the terms and conditions of the Offer, the Purchaser has agreed in
the Merger Agreement
that it will not, without the prior written consent of
Peapod: (1) decrease the Offer Price or change the form of the consideration
payable in the Offer, (2) impose any additional conditions to the Offer other
than those described below in "The Tender Offer--Section 12--Conditions of the
Offer" or (3) otherwise amend the Offer in a manner that would adversely affect
the Holders.

   
The "Initial Expiration Date" of the Offer will be the 20th business day
from the date the Offer is commenced.
The Purchaser has the right to extend the
Offer beyond the Initial Expiration Date in the following events: (1) from time
to time if, at the Initial Expiration Date (or an extended expiration date, if
applicable), any of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or
waived, (2) for any period required by the Commission or applicable law, (3)
for an aggregate period not exceeding 20 business days (for all such
extensions) if all of the conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived
but the number of Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn is insufficient to
result in the Purchaser owning at least 90% of the Shares then outstanding on a
fully-diluted basis (without giving effect to the exercise of the Warrants) or
(4) pursuant to an amendment to the Offer providing for a "subsequent offering
period" not exceeding 20 business days, to the extent permitted under, and in
compliance with, Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act.

   
Following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Offer,
Holdings shall cause the Purchaser to accept for payment all Shares validly
tendered pursuant to the Offer and not withdrawn as soon as it is permitted to
do so pursuant to applicable law.

   
Recommendation.
The Special Committee has: (1) determined that the Offer,
the Merger Agreement and the Merger are fair to and in the best interests of
Peapod and its Holders (other than Royal Ahold and its Affiliates), (2)
determined that the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger should be
approved and declared advisable by the Peapod Board and (3) resolved, subject
to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, to recommend that the
Holders accept the Offer, tender their Shares pursuant thereto and approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger if submitted for their approval.
The
Peapod Board, based on the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee,
has: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger are
fair to and in the best interests of the Holders (other than Royal Ahold and
its Affiliates),

(2) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including, without limitation, the Offer and the Merger
and (3) resolved, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement,
to recommend that the Holders accept the Offer, tender their Shares pursuant to
the Offer and approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger if
submitted for their approval.
However, such recommendation of the Special
Committee or the Peapod Board may be withdrawn or modified to the extent that
the Special Committee or the Peapod Board, based on the recommendation of the
Special Committee (in each case after receiving the advice of outside
nationally recognized legal counsel) reasonably determines in good faith that
its fiduciary duties under applicable law require it to take such actions.

   
The Merger.
The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions thereof, the Purchaser shall be merged with and into Peapod.

As soon as practicable, and in no event later than three business days, after
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
as described below in "--Conditions to the Merger" (or on such other date as
the parties to the Merger Agreement agreed to in writing), the parties to the
Merger Agreement shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a
certificate of merger or a certificate of ownership and merger (the "Merger
Certificate") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
accordance with the DGCL.
The filing of the Merger Certificate or such later
time as may be agreed to by the parties to the Merger Agreement and set forth
in the Merger Certificate shall be the Effective Time of the Merger.

   
As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser
will cease and Peapod will be the Surviving Corporation, with all of its
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises continuing unaffected by
the Merger.
The certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Peapod as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the certificate of
incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter
amended as provided by law and such certificate of incorporation and by-laws.

The individuals serving as directors and officers of Peapod at the Effective
Time will be the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation from and
after the Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified in accordance with applicable law.

   
At the Effective Time, (1) each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares of Holders
exercising appraisal rights, as described below in "Special Factors--Appraisal
Rights," and Shares to be canceled as provided in (2) below) will be converted
into the right to receive $2.15 per share in cash (the "Merger Consideration"),
(2) each share of Common Stock and each share of preferred stock and each of
the warrants of Peapod held in the treasury of Peapod or owned by Royal Ahold
or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Royal Ahold or Peapod
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be canceled, and no payment or
distribution will be made with respect to such shares of Common Stock,
preferred stock and warrants and (3) each share of Common Stock of the
Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will
be converted into one share of Common Stock of the Surviving Corporation.

   
The Merger Agreement provides that all actions necessary  be taken to cancel
each outstanding option to purchase Shares (an "Option") and to pay to the
Holders of such Options an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the
number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option, whether or not vested
or exercisable, multiplied by (b) the excess, if any, of the Merger
Consideration over the per share exercise price of the Option, reduced by
applicable withholding taxes.
Any then outstanding stock appreciation rights or
limited stock appreciation rights issued by Peapod or any affiliate of Peapod
will be canceled immediately prior to the Effective Time without any payment
therefor.
All payroll deductions under Peapod's Employee Stock Purchase Plan
will cease and such plan will terminate at the end of the current "Purchase
Period" (as such term is defined in Peapod's Employee Stock Purchase Plan), and
each participant in such plan will receive from Peapod, in lieu of any right to
purchase Common Stock under such plan at the end of such Purchase Period, an
amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock
that could have been purchased under such plan at the end of such Purchase
Period, based on the lower of the share price at the beginning and at the end
of such Purchase Period, multiplied by (b) the Merger Consideration, reduced by
applicable withholding taxes.

   
Agreements of the Purchaser and Peapod.
The Merger Agreement provides that
if, as a result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Purchaser
owns in the aggregate at least 90% of the Shares upon completion of the Offer,
the parties will take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger
to become effective as soon as practicable after satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions to the Merger set forth in the Merger Agreement, as described below
in "--Conditions to the Merger," without a meeting of stockholders in
accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL.

   
Stockholders' Meeting and Information Statement.
Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, if required by law in order to consummate the Merger, (1) Peapod
will take all action necessary to seek approval of the Merger and adoption of
the Merger Agreement, at a meeting of its stockholders or by written consent of
the Holders of Peapod, as promptly as practicable, and (2) as promptly as
practicable after the Offer, Holdings, the Purchaser and Peapod will prepare,
and Peapod will file with the Commission, a consent solicitation statement or
information statement (referred to herein as an "Information Statement")
relating to the Merger to seek approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement.

If a vote of the stockholders of Peapod is necessary to effect the Merger, the
Purchaser has agreed in the Merger Agreement to vote or cause to be voted all
Shares owned by it in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the Merger.
If an Information Statement is required, Peapod has
agreed that, subject to the fiduciary duties of the Peapod Board and the
Special Committee, such Information Statement will include the recommendation
of the Peapod Board and the Special Committee that the stockholders of Peapod
approve and adopt the Merger Agreement.

  
Certain Covenants.

   
Conduct by Peapod Pending the Merger.
Peapod has agreed that it will, except
as expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement or consented to in writing by
Royal Ahold, conduct its business and operations only according to its ordinary
course of business, consistent with past practice, and use reasonable best
efforts to preserve intact its business organization, keep available the
services of its present officers, employees and consultants and maintain
existing relationships with suppliers, creditors, business associates and
others having business dealings with it.

   
In addition, Peapod has agreed that, as of the Effective Time of the Merger,
it will have taken all steps to ensure that it will not be bound by any
warrants not owned by Royal Ahold.

   
Peapod also agreed that, except as expressly contemplated by the Merger
Agreement or consented to in writing by Holdings, until the earlier of the
termination of the Merger Agreement or the Effective Time, Peapod will not:

  Organizational Documents

   .   
amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws;

  Capital

   .   
issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any shares of capital stock
       of any class or any other equity interest, or any options, warrants,
       convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
       of capital stock, or any other equity interest, except for the issuance
       of shares pursuant to the exercise of options outstanding on the date of
       the Merger Agreement;

   .   
declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution in
       respect of any of its capital stock or any other equity interest
       including any constructive or deemed distributions, and any
       distributions in connection with the adoption of a shareholders rights
       plan, or make any other payments to stockholders in their capacity as
       such;

   .   
split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or any other
       equity interest or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
       securities in respect of, or in substitution for shares of its capital
       stock or any other equity interest;

   .   
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock or any
       other equity interests;

  Acquisitions and Dispositions

   .   
acquire, lease, encumber or dispose of any material assets;

   .   
acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock, assets or
       otherwise) any corporation, partnership or other business organization
       or division thereof;

  Employee Benefits

   .   
increase the compensation, severance or other benefits payable or to
       become payable to Peapod's directors, officers or employees, other than
       increases in salary or wages of Peapod or its employees (who are not
       Peapod's directors or executive officers) in accordance with past
       practice or pursuant to binding commitments;

   .   
grant any severance or termination pay not currently required;

   .   
enter into any employment or severance agreement;

   .   
establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining
       agreement, employee benefit plan, or arrangement for the benefit of any
       current or former directors, officers or employees, except as may be
       required by law;

  Other Covenants

   .   
incur or assume any indebtedness for borrowed money or other liability;

   .   
amend or terminate any confidentiality agreements, standstill agreements
       or material contracts to which Peapod is a party or by which Peapod is
       bound, or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims, other
       than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;

   .   
guarantee or otherwise become liable or responsible for the obligations
       of any other person, other than in the ordinary course of business,
       consistent with past practice;

   .   
make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in,
       any other person;

   .   
other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
       practice, enter into any material commitment, transaction, contract or
       agreement;

   .   
pay or satisfy any of its material claims, liabilities or obligations,
       other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
       practice, or in accordance with its terms of liabilities reflected or
       reserved against, in, or contemplated by, its financial statements;

   .   
change accounting policies or procedures, except as required by a change
       in generally accepted accounting principles, Commission position or
       applicable law;

   .   
approve or authorize any action to be submitted to Peapod's stockholders
       for approval other than pursuant to the Merger Agreement;

   .   
make or change any material election with respect to taxes, agree or
       settle any material claim or assessment in respect of taxes, or agree to
       an extension or waiver of the limitation period to any material claim or
       assessment in respect of taxes;

   .   
take any action that would or is reasonably likely to result in any of
       the conditions to the Merger not being satisfied or that would
       materially impair the ability of Peapod, Royal Ahold, Holdings or the
       Purchaser to consummate the merger or materially delay the merger;

   .   
wind-up or otherwise eliminate the Special Committee; or

   .   
agree, authorize or announce to take any of the actions described above.

   
Indemnification and Insurance.
The Merger Agreement provides that the
Surviving Corporation's certificate of incorporation and by-laws will contain
the provisions with respect to indemnification of directors and officers as set
forth in Peapod's certificate of incorporation and by-laws and will maintain in
effect the current directors' and officers' liability insurance or
substantially similar insurance covering those persons who are currently
covered on the date of the Merger Agreement by our directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy for a period of at least six years (provided that
the Surviving Corporation in the Merger is not required to pay an annual
premium for any such policy in excess of 200% of the last annual premium paid
by Peapod prior to the Merger Agreement).
The Merger Agreement also provides
that the Surviving Corporation will indemnify and hold harmless any former or
current officer or director of Peapod against any losses in connection with any
threatened or actual action, suit or proceeding, based in whole or in part on,
or arising in whole or in part out of, the fact that the person is or was an
officer or director of Peapod.

   
No Solicitation of Other Offers.
Peapod has also agreed that until the
earlier of the termination of the Merger Agreement or the Effective Time,
Peapod will not take (and Peapod will not authorize or permit any of its
affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, or other agents to so
take) any action to encourage, solicit, initiate or engage in discussions or
negotiations with any Person, other than the Purchaser (and its affiliates or
representatives), concerning any acquisition of Peapod or any purchase of all
or any part of the capital stock of Peapod (except in satisfaction of its
obligations with respect to cancellation of options and other outstanding
rights to purchase shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Merger
Agreement), or any merger, sale of substantial assets or similar transaction
involving Peapod.
However, Peapod may participate in discussions or furnish
information to a third-party prior to the Effective Time if Peapod receives an
unsolicited proposal that did not result from a violation of this covenant from
such third-party and the Special Committee or the Peapod Board, based on the
recommendation of the Special Committee (in each case after receiving the
advice of outside nationally recognized legal counsel), reasonably determines
in good faith that its fiduciary duties under applicable law require it to take
such action.

   
Access to Information.
Peapod will afford to Holdings and its
representatives, reasonable access to its properties, books and records and
furnish Holdings with all information concerning the business it reasonably
requests.
Holdings agrees to and it shall cause its representatives to treat as
confidential all information relating to Peapod; however, this sentence shall
not apply to information that is available publicly at the time of disclosure,
and any information that in Holdings' sole discretion is required to be
disclosed pursuant to any applicable Law.

   
Representation and Warranties.
Peapod has made customary representations and
warranties in the Merger Agreement to Holdings and the Purchaser, including
representation relating to:

                 .   
corporate             .   
taxes
                     organization
                 .   
corporate             .   
employee benefit
                     authority                 plans
                 .   
vote required
                 .   
state takeover        .   
compliance with
                     statutes                  applicable laws
                 .   
rights agreement
                 .   
capitalization        .   
material contracts
                 .   
investments
                 .   
no conflicts;         .   
environmental laws
                     required filings
                     and consents          .   
intellectual
                 .   
absence of certain        property
                     changes
                 .   
litigation            .   
labor matters
                 .   
Commission
                     documents and         .   
brokers or finders
                     financial
                     statements            .   
opinion of
                                               financial advisor

   Each of the other parties to the Merger Agreement have severally made
customary representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement to Peapod,
including representations relating to:

   .   
corporate             .   financing
       organization
                             .   
brokers or finders
   .   
corporate
       authority             .   required filings
                                 and consents
   .   
no conflict

   Certain of the representations and warranties of Peapod are qualified as to
"materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" on Peapod.
"Material Adverse Effect"
means, with respect to Peapod, a material adverse change in, or effect on, the
business, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets,
liabilities, revenues or earnings of Peapod, but shall not include any change,
event, effect, occurrence or circumstance arising in connection with or as a
result of (1) the announcement or performance of the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement or (2) any announcement or other communication of
Holdings or any affiliate thereof of the plans or intentions of Holdings with
respect to any conduct of any business of Peapod.

   
Conditions to the Merger.
Article 8 of the Merger Agreement provides that
the obligations of Holdings, the Purchaser and Peapod to consummate the Merger
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: (1) if
required by the DGCL, the Merger Agreement shall have been approved and adopted
by the requisite affirmative vote of the Holders of Peapod in accordance with
the DGCL and Peapod's certificate of incorporation, (2) no governmental entity
shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any law, executive
order or award (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is then in
effect and has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
consummation of the Merger and (3) the Purchaser shall have purchased Shares
pursuant to the Offer.

   
Termination.
The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Offer and the
Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time,
notwithstanding any requisite approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement by
the Holders of Peapod: (1) by mutual written consent duly authorized by the
board of directors of each of Peapod, the Purchaser and Holdings (provided that
consent of the Peapod Board is approved by the Special Committee); (2) by
Holdings, the Purchaser or Peapod in the event of a final and nonappealable
order or action by a governmental entity restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting consummation of the Offer or the Merger; (3) by Holdings at any
time prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, if the Special
Committee or the Peapod Board based on the recommendation of the Special
Committee shall have (a) withdrawn, modified or changed, or proposed to
withdraw, modify or change, its approval or recommendation of the Merger
Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby
in any manner which Holdings determines to be adverse to it, (b) approved or
recommended, or proposed to approve or recommend, the approval or acceptance
of, or announced, or proposed to announce, a neutral position with respect to,
a proposal from a Person other than Holdings or Purchaser with respect to any
acquisition of Peapod or any purchase of all or any part of the capital stock
of Peapod (except in satisfaction of the obligations to cancel options,
employee stock purchase rights and warrants) or any merger, sale of substantial
assets or similar transaction involving Peapod or (c) failed to reaffirm its
approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated thereby upon the request of Holdings; (4)
prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, by Holdings upon a
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
Peapod set forth in the Merger Agreement, or if any representation or warranty
of Peapod shall have become untrue, however, if such breach is curable by
Peapod through the exercise of its reasonable efforts and for as long as Peapod
continues to exercise such reasonable efforts, Holdings and the Purchaser may
not terminate the Merger Agreement under this provision; (5) prior to the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, by Peapod upon a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Purchaser or
Holdings set forth in the Merger Agreement, or if any representation or
warranty of the Purchaser or Holdings shall have become untrue, however, if
such breach is curable by the Purchaser or Holdings as the case may be, through
the exercise of its reasonable efforts and for as long as the Purchaser or
Holdings, as the case may be, continues to exercise such reasonable efforts,
Peapod may not terminate the Merger Agreement under this provision; (6) by
Peapod (as agreed to by the Special Committee)
if due to an occurrence or

circumstance, not involving a breach by Peapod of its obligations under the
Merger Agreement, which would result in a failure to satisfy any of the
conditions described in "The Tender Offer--Section 12--Conditions of the Offer"
or otherwise, the Purchaser shall have failed to commence the Offer within 15
business days following the date of the Merger Agreement, terminated the Offer
or permitted the Offer to expire without the purchase of Shares thereunder; or
(7) by Holdings or the Purchaser after October 24, 2001, if Holdings shall not
have theretofore purchased Shares pursuant to the Offer solely as a result of a
failure to satisfy any of the conditions described in "The Tender
Offer--Section 12--Conditions of the Offer."
If the Merger Agreement is
terminated, the Merger Agreement will become void and there will be no
liability under the Merger Agreement on the part of Holdings, the Purchaser or
Peapod, except that certain provisions regarding broker's fees will survive any
termination of the Merger Agreement, provided that termination will not relieve
any party from liability for a willful breach of the Merger Agreement.

   
Fees and Expenses.
All expenses incurred in connection with the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby will be paid by the party
incurring such expenses, whether or not the Offer, the Merger or any other
transaction is consummated, except that if the Agreement is terminated by
Holdings due to a change in the recommendation of the Special Committee or the
Peapod Board of the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby,
and at such time there is no breach by Royal Ahold or the Purchaser, then
Peapod will reimburse Holdings for all Expenses of Royal Ahold, Holdings and
the Purchaser and pay to Holdings $500,000.

   
Amendment and Waivers.
To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, the
Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties by action taken by or on behalf
of their respective boards of directors at any time prior to the Effective
Time, provided that any such amendment must also be approved by the Special
Committee.

   
At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party to the Merger Agreement
may (1) extend the time for the performance of any obligation or other act of
another party to the Merger Agreement, (2) waive any inaccuracy in the
representations and warranties of another party contained in the Merger
Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the Merger Agreement and (3)
waive compliance with any agreement of another party or condition to its own
obligations contained in the Merger Agreement, provided that, if Peapod seeks
to make such extension or waiver as provided in clause (1), (2) or (3) above,
it must first obtain the approval of the Special Committee.
Any such extension
or waiver shall be valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the
party or parties to be bound.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

   
Under Section 262 of the DGCL, any Holder at the Effective Time (a
"Remaining Holder") who does not wish to accept the Merger Consideration
pursuant to the Merger has the right to seek an appraisal and be paid the "fair
value" of its Shares at the Effective Time (exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger)
judicially
determined and paid to it in cash provided that such Holder complies with the
provisions of such Section 262 of the DGCL.

   
The following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures to be followed
by a Remaining Holder in order to dissent from the Merger and perfect appraisal
rights under the DGCL.
The following is a summary of the provisions of Section
262 of the DGCL and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262 of
the DGCL, the text of which is set forth in Annex D hereto.
Any Remaining
Holder considering demanding appraisal is advised to consult legal counsel.

Appraisal rights will not be available unless and until the Merger is
consummated.

   
Remaining Holders of record who desire to exercise their appraisal rights
must fully satisfy all of the following conditions.
A written demand for
appraisal of Shares must be delivered to the Secretary of Peapod (1) before the
taking of a vote, if any, on any approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement
if the Merger is being consummated following approval thereof at a meeting of
Peapod's stockholders (a "Long-Form Merger") or (2) within 20 days after the
date that the Surviving Corporation mails to the Remaining Holders a notice
(the "Notice of Merger") to the effect that the Merger has been approved and/or
is effective and that appraisal rights are available (and includes in such
notice a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL and any other information required
thereby) if the Merger is being effected without a vote or meeting of Peapod's
stockholders either in a Short-Form Merger pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL
or otherwise by stockholder written consent without a

meeting of stockholders.
If the Merger is effected as a Long-Form Merger, this
written demand for appraisal of shares must be in addition to and separate from
any proxy or vote abstaining from or against the approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement, and none of voting against, abstaining from voting, or
failure to vote on the Merger Agreement will constitute a demand for appraisal
within the meaning of Section 262 of the DGCL.
In the case of either a
Long-Form Merger or a Short-Form Merger, any Remaining Holder seeking appraisal
rights must hold the Shares for which appraisal is sought on the date of the
making of the demand, continuously hold such Shares through the Effective Time,
and otherwise comply with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL.
Any
Remaining Holder of Shares who votes or delivers a written consent in favor of
the Merger Agreement, as the case may be, will lose appraisal rights under
Section 262 of the DGCL.

   
In the case of either a Short-Form Merger or a Long-Form Merger, a demand
for appraisal must be executed by or for the Remaining Holder of record, fully
and correctly, as such Remaining Holder's name appears on the stock
certificates.
If Shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by
a trustee, guardian or custodian, such demand must be executed by the
fiduciary.
If Shares are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint
tenancy or tenancy in common, such demand must be executed by all joint owners.

An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint owners, may
execute the demand for appraisal for a Remaining Holder of record; however, the
agent must identify the record owner and expressly disclose the fact that, in
exercising the demand, he is acting as agent for the record owner.

   
A record owner, such as a broker, who holds Shares as a nominee for others,
may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the Shares held for all or less
than all beneficial owners of Shares as to which the Holder is the record
owner.
In such case, the written demand must set forth the number of Shares
covered by such demand.
Where the number of Shares is not expressly stated, the
demand will be presumed to cover all Shares outstanding in the name of such
record owner.
Beneficial owners who are not record owners and who intend to
exercise appraisal rights should instruct the record owner to comply strictly
with the statutory requirements with respect to the exercise of appraisal
rights before the date of any meeting of stockholders of Peapod called to
approve the Merger in the case of a Long-Form Merger and within 20 days
following the mailing of the Notice of Merger in the case of a Short-Form
Merger.

   
Remaining Holders who elect to exercise appraisal rights must mail or
deliver their written demands to: Andrew Parkinson, Peapod, Inc., 9933 Woods
Drive, Skokie, IL 60077.
The written demand for appraisal should specify the
stockholder's name and mailing address, the number of Shares covered by the
demand and that the stockholder is thereby demanding appraisal of such Shares.

In the case of a Long-Form Merger, Peapod must, within ten days after the
Effective Time, provide notice of the Effective Time to all Remaining Holders
who have complied with Section 262 of the DGCL and have not voted for approval
and adoption of the Merger Agreement.

   
Remaining Holders electing to exercise their appraisal rights under Section
262 of the DGCL must not vote for the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement or consent thereto in writing.
Voting or consenting in favor of the
approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement, or delivering a proxy in
connection with any stockholders meeting called to approve the Merger Agreement
(unless the proxy votes against, or expressly abstains from the vote on, the
approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement), will constitute a waiver of the
Holder's right of appraisal and will nullify any written demand for appraisal
submitted by the Holder.

   
Regardless of whether the Merger is effected as a Long-Form Merger or a
Short-Form Merger, within 120 days after the Effective Time, either Peapod or
any Remaining Holder who has complied with the required conditions of Section
262 of the DGCL and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights may file a
petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the
fair value of the Shares of the dissenting Remaining Holders.
This petition
must also be served on the Surviving Corporation.
If a petition for an
appraisal is timely filed, after a hearing on such petition, the Delaware Court
of Chancery will determine which Remaining Holders are entitled to appraisal
rights and thereafter will appraise the Shares owned by such Remaining Holders,
determining the fair value of such Shares, exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with a
fair rate of interest to be paid, if any, upon the amount determined to

be the fair value.
In determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery is
to take into account all relevant factors.
In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., et al.,
the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that could be considered in
determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that "proof of value
by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the
financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should be considered and
that "[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors
involving the value of a company."
The Delaware Supreme Court stated that in
making this determination of fair value the court must consider "market value,
asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and
any other facts which were known or which could be ascertained as of the date
of merger which throw any light on future prospects of the merged corporation .
 . ."
The Delaware Supreme Court has construed Section 262 of the DGCL to mean
that "elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which
are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the
product of speculation, may be considered."
However, the court noted that
Section 262 of the DGCL provides that fair value is to be determined "exclusive
of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger."

   Remaining Holders who in the future consider seeking appraisal should have
in mind that the fair value of their Shares determined under Section 262 of the
DGCL could be more than, the same as, or less than the Merger Consideration if
they do seek appraisal of their Shares, and that opinions of investment banking
firms as to fairness from a financial point of view are not necessarily
opinions as to fair value under Section 262 of the DGCL.
The cost of the
appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and
taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems equitable in the
circumstances.
Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the Delaware Court
of Chancery may order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
dissenting Holder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all Shares entitled to
appraisal.
In the absence of such a determination or assessment, each party
bears its own expenses.

   
Any Remaining Holder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 of the DGCL will not, after the Effective Time, be entitled to vote
the Shares subject to such demand for any purpose, or to receive payment of
dividends or other distributions on such Shares, except for dividends or other
distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the
Effective Time.

   
At any time within 60 days after the Effective Time, any former Holder shall
have the right to withdraw his or her demand for appraisal and to accept the
Merger Consideration.
After this period, such Holder may withdraw his or her
demand for appraisal only with the consent of Peapod as the Surviving
Corporation.
If no petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court of
Chancery within 120 days after the Effective Time, Holders' rights to appraisal
shall cease and all Holders shall be entitled to receive only the Merger
Consideration.
Inasmuch as Peapod has no obligation to file such a petition,
and Royal Ahold has no present intention to cause or permit the Surviving
Corporation to do so, any Holders who desires such a petition to be filed is
advised to file it on a timely basis.
No petition timely filed in the Delaware
Court of Chancery demanding appraisal shall be dismissed as to any Holders
without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery, and such approval may
be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems just.

   
Failure to take any required step in connection with the exercise of
appraisal rights may result in the termination or waiver of such rights.

   
Appraisal rights cannot be exercised at this time.
The information set forth
above is for informational purposes only with respect to alternatives available
to Holders if the Merger is consummated.
Holders who will be entitled to
appraisal rights in connection with the Merger will receive additional
information concerning appraisal rights and the procedures to be followed in
connection therewith before such Holders have to take any action relating
thereto.

   
Holders who sell Shares in the Offer will not be entitled to exercise
appraisal rights with respect thereto but, rather, will receive the Offer
Price.


BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF THE COMMON STOCK AND THE SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
STOCK.


Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of Peapod.

   
The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial
ownership of Peapod's shares of Common Stock and Series C Shares as of June 30,
2001 by (1) each person who is known by Peapod to own beneficially more than 5%
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (2) each director of Peapod, (3)
each executive officer of Peapod and (4) all directors and executive officers
of Peapod as a group.
The business addresses of the following beneficial owners
of Peapod's Common Stock and Series C Shares are provided in Schedule I and
Schedule II to this Offer to Purchase.

                                                          
Amount of
                                                         Beneficial     Percent
Name of Beneficial Owner(1)           
Title of Class    Ownership(2)   of Class
- ---------------------------        -------------------- -------------  
---------

Koninklijke Ahold N.V.............
Series C Convertible
                                        Preferred Stock     726,371      100.0%
                                           Common Stock  58,262,727(3)    78.8%(4)

Tribune National Marketing Company
   435 North Michigan Avenue
   Chicago, Illinois 60611........         
Common Stock   1,808,115       10.1%
Michael P. Brennan(5).............         
Common Stock     155,111          *
John R. Brown(6)..................         
Common Stock      17,500          *
John B. Burchard(7)...............         
Common Stock      29,371          *
Robert J. DeFeo...................         
Common Stock           0          *
Scott DeGraeve....................         
Common Stock      13,000          *
William Grize.....................         
Common Stock           0          *
Brian Hotarek.....................         
Common Stock           0          *
John Jolly........................         
Common Stock           0          *
Maarten Dorhout Mees..............         
Common Stock           0          *
Drayton McLane(8).................         
Common Stock     378,333        2.1%
Trygve E. Myhren(9)...............         
Common Stock     134,320          *
Andrew B. Parkinson(10)...........         
Common Stock   1,070,314        5.8%
Thomas L. Parkinson(11)...........         
Common Stock   1,264,444        6.9%
Gary Preston......................         
Common Stock           0          *
Earl W. Rachowicz(12).............         
Common Stock     220,188        1.2%
Marc E. Smith.....................         
Common Stock           0          *
Anthony G. Stallone...............         
Common Stock       2,000          *
Marc C. van Gelder(13)............         
Common Stock      93,925          *
Mark VanStekelenburg(14)
..........         
Common Stock      95,352          *
Ronald van Solt...................         
Common Stock           0          *
Jonathan C. Wilson(15)............         
Common Stock      42,583          *
All executive officers and
 directors as a group (20 persons)         Common Stock   3,420,406       17.9%

- --------
  *   Less than 1%.
 
(1)Except as set forth in the footnotes to this table, the persons named in
    the table above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
    Shares shown as beneficially owned by them.
 
(2)Number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding includes 18,029,542
    Shares outstanding as of June 30, 2001, and any shares of Common Stock
    subject to options held by the person or entity in question that are
    currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days.
 
(3)Includes 19,369,873 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
    Series C Shares held by Royal Ahold and 36,560,937 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Warrants held by Royal Ahold.

 
(4)In fiscal 2000, Royal Ahold acquired a majority of the voting power of
    Peapod.
 
(5)Includes 136,905 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.
 
(6)Includes 12,500 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.
 
(7)Includes 25,208 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.
 
(8)Includes 78,333 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.
 
(9)Includes 39,999 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.

(10)Includes 5,288 shares of Common Stock which are held for the benefit of the
    minor child of Mr. Thomas L. Parkinson.
Mr. Andrew B. Parkinson disclaims
    ownership of such Shares.
Includes 35,000 Shares which were transferred
    subsequent to June 30, 2001 in a charitable donation.
See "Special
    Factors--Transactions and Arrangements Concerning the Shares."
Also
    includes 267,209 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.

(11)Includes 95,943 shares of Common Stock held for the benefit of the minor
    children of Mr. Andrew B. Parkinson and 28,405 Shares held by Mr. Thomas L.
    Parkinson's minor children.
Mr. Thomas L. Parkinson disclaims beneficial
    ownership of such Shares.
Also includes 276,997 shares of Common Stock
    issuable pursuant to options that are exercisable within 60 days.

(12)Includes 200,997 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.

(13)Includes 78,125 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.

(14)Includes 9,540 Shares held by the children of Mr. VanStekelenburg.
Mr.
    VanStekelenburg disclaims beneficial ownership of such Shares.
Also
    includes 42,812 Shares issuable pursuant to options that are exercisable
    within 60 days after June 30, 2001.

(15)Includes 42,583 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that
    are exercisable within 60 days.

TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS CONCERNING THE SHARES.

   
Other than purchases or sales under Peapod's employee stock purchase plan
described in the following paragraph, to the knowledge of Peapod, Royal Ahold,
Holdings and the Purchaser, no transactions in the Shares have been effected
during the past 60 days by (1) Peapod or its executive officers, directors,
affiliates or associates except as noted below, (2) Royal Ahold or its
executive officers, directors, affiliates or any associates or majority owned
subsidiaries or any executive officer or director of any such subsidiary, (3)
Holdings or its executive officers, directors, affiliates or any associates or
majority owned subsidiaries or any executive officer or director of any such
subsidiary or (4) the Purchaser or its executive officers, directors,
affiliates or any associates or majority owned subsidiaries or any executive
officer or director of any such subsidiary.

   
Through the employee stock purchase plan (the "ESPP"), Peapod employees may
make elections at the beginning of each fiscal quarter regarding the amount of
money they wish to have withheld from their paychecks to be used to purchase
newly issued Shares through the ESPP.
At the end of the quarter, the money
withheld is used to purchase Shares for the accounts of the electing employees
at a discount and based on the lower of the Closing price per share of Common
Stock on the first day of the quarter and the last day of the quarter.
The
following officers of Peapod made elections for the second fiscal quarter of
2001 which resulted in the purchase of the following amounts of Shares at a
purchase price of $.85 per Share:
John Burchard, 2,118; Scott DeGraeve, 883;
Tony Stallone, 3,530.
These shares of Common Stock were purchased for the
accounts of such officers pursuant to the procedure described above on July 13,
2001.

   
On July 26, 2001, Andrew Parkinson contributed 35,000 Shares to an
unaffiliated charitable foundation.
No consideration was received by Mr.
Parkinson with respect to this transaction.

   
On June 30, 2000, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Royal Ahold purchased
726,371 Series B Shares, initially convertible into 19,369,873 shares of Common
Stock (representing approximately 51% of the voting power of Peapod, a
controlling interest).
On the same date, Peapod granted to Royal Ahold the
Preferred Warrants to purchase 32,894,270 shares of Common Stock.
Royal Ahold
purchased the Series B Shares and the Preferred Warrants for an aggregate
purchase price of $72,637,024.
Previously, Peapod had granted to Royal Ahold,
in connection with the Credit Agreement, the Credit Facility Warrants to
purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock at $3.00 per share and 3,566,667 shares
of Common Stock at $3.00 per share.
On October 6, 2000, Royal Ahold purchased
2,331,917 Shares at a price of $1.125 per share pursuant to an unsolicited
brokerage transaction.
Royal Ahold used funds from its available working
capital to fund its purchases of

securities of Peapod.
On October 12, 2000, Peapod and Royal Ahold entered into
an exchange agreement, pursuant to which Royal Ahold exchanged the Series B
Shares held by it for an equal number of Series C Shares.
The terms of the
Series C Shares are substantially the same as the terms of the Series B Shares,
except that the Series C Shares are not subject to mandatory redemption by
Peapod.
Other than the purchases of Peapod securities by Royal Ahold described
above, no other transactions in the securities of Peapod have been effected by
Royal Ahold or its Affiliates including Holdings or the Purchaser during the
past two years.

   
The Series C Shares and Warrants held by Royal Ahold and securities
receivable upon conversion of the Series C Shares and exercise of the Warrants
are subject to certain rights to require Peapod to take action to register such
securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").

The number of such registrations which Peapod is obligated to effect is
unlimited.
In addition, the registration rights agreement provides Royal Ahold
with "piggy-back" registration rights.
The registration rights agreement
provides that expenses relating to the registration of shares will be paid by
Peapod and otherwise contains terms that are customary to registration rights
agreements of its type, including, but not limited to, rights of
indemnification and contribution.
   
Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, neither Royal Ahold, Holdings
nor the Purchaser nor, to Royal Ahold's, Holdings' or the Purchaser's
knowledge, any person listed in Schedule I hereto, is a party to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with any other person with respect to any
securities of Peapod (including, without limitation, any agreement, arrangement
or understanding concerning the transfer or the voting of any such securities,
joint ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts or calls, guarantees of
loans, guarantees against loss or the giving or withholding of proxies,
consents or authorizations).

   
Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, to Royal Ahold's, Holdings'
and Purchaser's knowledge, during the past two years no negotiations,
transactions or material contacts concerning a merger, consolidation, or
acquisition, a tender offer for or other acquisition of any securities of
Peapod, an election of directors of Peapod, or a sale or other transfer of a
material amount of assets of Peapod, has been entered into or has occurred
between (1) Royal Ahold, Holdings, the Purchaser or any person listed in
Schedule I hereto, on the one hand, and Peapod or any of its affiliates, on the
other hand or (2) any affiliates of Peapod or (3) between Peapod or any of its
affiliates and any unaffiliated person with a direct interest therein.

   
Peapod has not made any underwritten public offering of its securities
during the past three years.

   
Peapod has informed Royal Ahold that, to the best of Peapod's knowledge,
after reasonable inquiry, all directors and executive officers of Peapod who
hold Shares, other than those individuals, if any, for whom the tender of
Shares could cause them liability under the provisions of Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act or to the extent their Shares are restricted Shares, intend to
tender such Shares held by them pursuant to the Offer.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.

  
Royal Ahold

   As of July 16, 2001, Royal Ahold owned approximately 6% of the Shares and
100% of the Series C Shares, representing in the aggregate approximately 58% of
the combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of Peapod.
In
addition, Royal Ahold has Credit Facility Warrants to purchase 100,000 shares
of Common Stock at $3.00 per share and 3,566,667 shares of Common Stock at
$3.00 per share and the Preferred Warrants to purchase 32,894,270 shares of
Common Stock at $3.75 per share.
On March 30, 2001, Royal Ahold agreed to allow
Peapod to defer until the completion of a financing transaction, payment of
dividends due on the Series C Shares (and the previously held Series B Shares).

Six of the eleven directors serving on the Peapod Board are employees of Royal
Ahold or its Affiliates and were appointed to the Peapod Board in accordance
with the Purchase Agreement and the Certificate of Designation of the Series C
Shares or the previously held Series B Shares.

   
Credit and Security Agreements.
On April 14, 2000, Peapod entered into the
Credit Agreement providing for a $20 million secured revolving credit facility
with Royal Ahold maturing in April 2003.
On February 26, 2001, Royal Ahold
agreed to increase its commitment under the Credit Agreement from $20 million
to $50

million.
On March 30, 2001, Royal Ahold agreed to increase the amount Peapod
could borrow in any one calendar month under the Credit Agreement from $3
million to $6 million.
In addition, on March 30, 2001, Royal Ahold agreed to
allow Peapod to defer until Peapod completed a Financing Transaction payment of
interest under the credit facility.
Loans made to Peapod under the Credit
Agreement accrue interest at 3% over LIBOR or 2% over the higher of (1) the
rate which is 1/2 of 1% in excess of the Federal Funds Rate and (2) the Prime
Lending Rate, at Peapod's option.
Peapod's obligations under the Credit
Agreement are secured by a lien on all of Peapod's personal property, including
its intellectual property.

   
Supply and Services Agreement.
On April 14, 2000, Peapod and Royal Ahold
entered into a supply and services agreement (the "Supply and Services
Agreement") pursuant to which Peapod agreed to purchase from Royal Ahold all of
Peapod's requirements for perishables and nonperishable (subject to certain
limited exceptions) for sale and delivery to Peapod's customers in markets
served by Royal Ahold in connection with Peapod's online grocery business.

Peapod agreed to pay Royal Ahold for each product purchased from Royal Ahold a
base price equal to the manufacturer's or vendor's published price in the
bracket in which Royal Ahold normally purchases such product, plus applicable
storage and transportation costs, less off-invoice and bill back allowances,
all of which is determined and calculated in accordance with Royal Ahold's
customary standards and practices applicable to its own retail stores.
Royal
Ahold does not receive any fee for supplying products to Peapod.

   
In fiscal 2000, Peapod made payments to subsidiaries of Royal Ahold of
approximately $27,942,000 for such goods and services.
Of that amount, Peapod
paid approximately $22,530,000 to The Stop & Shop Supermarket Company, ("Stop &
Shop") $1,050,000 to Giant Food Inc. and $4,350,000 to the Edwards division of
Giant Food Stores, Inc., a portion of which was paid under the Supply and
Services Agreement.
Marc E. Smith, a director of Peapod, is the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Stop & Shop.

   
Pursuant to the Supply and Services Agreement, Royal Ahold also agreed to
perform certain services for the benefit of Peapod related to Peapod's online
grocery business.
The services include fulfillment services, delivery services,
field operations services and overhead services.
Royal Ahold charges Peapod
either a fixed charge or the actual costs of the services, the amount of which
are both determined and calculated in accordance with Royal Ahold's customary
standards and practices applicable to its own retail stores.
Royal Ahold does
not receive any additional fees for the performance of such services.
Peapod
pays Royal Ahold an incentive fee in the event the volume of revenue generated
by Peapod's sale of products supplied by Royal Ahold and the payroll cost
incurred by Royal Ahold in rendering such services reach certain levels.

   
Although Peapod and Royal Ahold cooperate and consult with each other for
all of Peapod's advertising and marketing matters, Peapod is primarily
responsible for its own advertising, marketing, sales and sales support
efforts.
Royal Ahold has granted to Peapod a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free right and license to use Royal Ahold's
trademarks in the U.S. in connection with Peapod's advertising, marketing and
offer of Royal Ahold's products online.

   
The parties have also agreed to have joint access and full use of all
customer data collected by Peapod in connection with the offer online of Royal
Ahold's products.
Such access is free of any charge to Royal Ahold, but is
subject to the parties' respective standard privacy policies.

   
The initial term of the Supply and Services Agreement is five years and may
be renewed by Royal Ahold for an additional five-year period.
Otherwise, after
the initial term, the Supply and Services Agreement will automatically renew
for additional one-year periods unless either party provides 180 days' notice
of non-renewal.
Lastly, either party may terminate the Supply and Services
Agreement at any time upon 90 days' prior written notice to the other party in
the event of a breach by the other party of a material term of the Supply and
Services Agreement.

   
Wareroom Arrangement.
Peapod and Royal Ahold have an arrangement pursuant to
which Peapod occupies certain warerooms from which Royal Ahold coordinates the
supply services under the Supply and Services Agreement.

   
The fee payable by Peapod for use of such warerooms is based on the
per-square-foot rent payable by, or charged to, the Royal Ahold affiliate that
is operating the retail store where the wareroom is located.
Peapod also pays a
proportionate share of certain real estate tax, maintenance costs, and
insurance premiums paid by the Royal Ahold Affiliate operating the retail store
where the wareroom is located.
Pursuant to this arrangement, Peapod currently
occupies warerooms in Boston, Connecticut and Long Island.

   
Technology Partnership Agreement.
On May 10, 2000, Peapod and Royal Ahold
entered into a technology partnership agreement under which Peapod and Royal
Ahold agreed to (1) grant each other rights to certain of their respective
application software and work together to develop jointly a new software system
for use in connection with remote ordering and delivery services for goods sold
by retailers, and (2) perform certain training, consulting, modification,
maintenance and other services in connection with their respective application
software and the new, jointly developed software system.

   
The new, jointly developed software system (in both source and object code
format) and related technology is jointly owned by Peapod and Royal Ahold.

Accordingly, neither Peapod nor Royal Ahold is permitted to transfer, pledge,
encumber or otherwise dispose of the new, jointly-developed software system and
related technology without the consent of the other.
Royal Ahold's rights and
obligations under the technology partnership agreement may be shared by Royal
Ahold with its Affiliates.

   
Under the technology partnership agreement, Peapod granted to Royal Ahold an
exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free right to use all of
Peapod's application software and related technology, documentation and source
code, but Peapod retained the coexclusive right to provide retail grocery home
delivery services in the United States, and Coles Myer Ltd. will continue to
have the right to use Peapod's software and related technology only in
Australia and New Zealand.
Peapod may only provide retail grocery home delivery
services outside the United States if Royal Ahold decides that it does not want
to provide its own services in the territories in which Peapod wants to provide
such services.

   
Under the technology partnership agreement, Royal Ahold granted to Peapod
the non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, revocable right to use
certain of Royal Ahold's application software that performs functions such as
order fulfillment, order packing, delivery and field operations solely in
connection with Peapod's provision of retail grocery home delivery services in
the United States.

   
Royal Ahold's and Peapod's relationship under the technology partnership
agreement as it relates to the development of the new software system and
related technology is governed by a steering committee initially composed of
six members; three members designated by each of Peapod and Royal Ahold.

   
The term of the technology partnership agreement is five years.
Thereafter,
the agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms subject to
termination by Royal Ahold or Peapod upon 180 days' prior written notice to the
other party.
The technology partnership agreement may be terminated at any time
for, among other reasons (1) Peapod's breach or default under the technology
partnership agreement, (2) a bankruptcy or insolvency event, (3) the transfer
of all or substantially all of Peapod's assets, (4) a change of the corporate
control of Peapod, or (5) the continuation of a force majeure event.
The
license granted by Peapod to Royal Ahold survives termination of the technology
partnership agreement, but the license granted to Peapod terminates either
immediately or (in the case of a change of corporate control, transfer of all
or substantially all of Peapod's assets or a force majeure event) within 90
days after termination of the technology partnership agreement.

   
Real Estate Option.
On March 29, 2001, Peapod and ARP Lake Zurich LLP
("ARP"), a subsidiary of Royal Ahold, entered into an assignment agreement
covering an option to purchase land pursuant to which Peapod assigned to ARP an
option to purchase from the owner certain land located in Lake Zurich,
Illinois.
On the same day, ARP exercised its option to purchase the land.

Peapod and ARP also entered into a grant of option to purchase agreement under
which ARP granted to Peapod an option to purchase the same land from ARP for a
purchase price equal to the actual costs incurred by ARP to acquire, hold and
maintain the land, plus an additional 8% per annum, and otherwise on the same
terms and conditions as the original option.

   
Other Transactions.
On March 9, 2001, Peapod paid an aggregate of $126,833
to Marc C. van Gelder, who joined Peapod on May 1, 2000 as its President and
Chief Executive Officer, representing a bonus earned by Mr. van Gelder in
connection with his previous employment by Stop & Shop.
Royal Ahold reimbursed
Peapod for the entire amount of such payment.

   
C.A.A. Stiemer-Hermus is a Dutch national who serves as Peapod's Vice
President and General Manager-
New York/New England.
While Ms. Stiemer's
position is with Peapod, her employment agreement is with Royal Ahold.
Royal
Ahold provides for Ms. Stiemer's salary, bonus, housing and cost allowance, and
Ms. Stiemer is still eligible to participate in the Royal Ahold employee stock
option plan.
Peapod reimburses Royal Ahold for a certain portion of Ms.
Stiemer's compensation.
The details of Ms. Stiemer's assignment to Peapod are
described in an offer letter from Royal Ahold to Ms. Stiemer dated November 13,
2000, which is attached as Exhibit (d)(17) to the Schedule TO.

   IBM Financing Arrangement.
Peapod leases certain computer equipment and
finances the purchase of other equipment, related software and maintenance from
IBM under an arrangement between a subsidiary of Royal Ahold and IBM.
Through
affiliation with an alliance known as the CIO Alliance, a subsidiary of Royal
Ahold is able to obtain certain discounts on leases of computer equipment from
IBM.
IBM also provides these discounts to all affiliates of Royal Ahold,
including Peapod, under its arrangement with such subsidiary.
Peapod's leases
are processed through such subsidiary's centralized purchasing group.
Under the
arrangement, IBM considers such subsidiary to be the customer, but Peapod makes
all lease payments directly to IBM.
Peapod has been leasing computer equipment
under this arrangement since June 2001.
At the end of June 2001, Peapod
participated in a sale-leaseback transaction with IBM under such subsidiary
arrangement with IBM involving an AS400 computer it had purchased from another
vendor in January 2001.

   
Registration Rights Agreement.
On April 14, 2000, Peapod and Royal Ahold
entered into a registration rights agreement relating to the preferred stock
and warrants held by or issuable to Royal Ahold and shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion or exercise of those securities.
The registration
rights agreement provides, among other things, that Royal Ahold will have the
right to request registration of its securities.
In addition to registration
rights pursuant to a demand, the registration rights agreement provides that
the holders of registrable securities will have so-called "piggyback"
registration rights which means that if Peapod proposes to file a registration
statement under the Securities Act relating to a sale of equity securities for
its account or for the account of any other security holder, then Peapod will
provide notice to Royal Ahold and must permit Royal Ahold to include
registrable securities held by it in that registration.
The registration rights
agreement provides that expenses relating to the registration of shares (other
than underwriters commissions) will be paid by Peapod and otherwise contains
terms that are customary to registration rights agreements of its type,
including, but not limited to, rights of indemnification and contribution.


McLane Group/M-Group Agreements/McLane Group Warrant.

   
In January 2000, Peapod entered into a management agreement with the McLane
Group L.P., an affiliate of Drayton McLane, a director of Peapod, pursuant to
which the McLane Group agreed to manage distribution and fulfillment operations
for several of Peapod's facilities.
Under the management agreement, Peapod
granted the McLane Group 100,000 options to purchase shares of common stock at
$15.34 per share.
During fiscal 2000, Peapod made payments of approximately
$969,000 to the McLane Group for services performed under the management
agreement.
In November 2000, Peapod terminated the management agreement, paid a
termination fee of $300,000 to the McLane Group and agreed to purchase certain
consulting services from McLane Group.
Subsequently, in lieu of purchasing such
consulting services as originally agreed, Peapod agreed to pay the McLane Group
$75,000 in three installments, payable at the end of the second, third and
fourth quarters of fiscal 2001.
These payments represent a prepayment in
exchange for a minimum of eight weeks of future consulting services.
   
All options granted to the McLane Group under the management agreement vest
1/24 each month and expire 10 years after the date of their grant.
Peapod has
entered into a separate agreement granting the McLane Group "piggy-back"
registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the
options issued to the McLane Group under the management agreement.

   
In addition, Peapod is a party to a software license agreement with M-Group
Systems, Inc., also an affiliate of Mr. McLane.
To date, Peapod has paid $1.56
million to M-Group Systems for software implementation, consulting services and
license fees and will make additional payments according to the terms of the
software license agreement.


Parkinson.

   
Peapod has granted to Messrs. Andrew and Thomas Parkinson certain rights to
require Peapod to take action to register under the Securities Act the sale of
shares of common stock held by them.
The number of such registrations which
Peapod is obligated to effect is limited to four registrations in the
aggregate.
The registration rights provide that in the event Peapod proposes to
register any of its securities under the Securities Act at any time or times,
subject to certain limitations, Peapod will use its best efforts to include the
registrable shares in such registration upon the request of the holders of
registration rights.
Peapod is generally required to bear the expenses of all
such registrations, except underwriting discounts and commissions.
Messrs.
Andrew and Thomas Parkinson have entered into an agreement with Ahold
restricting their registration rights.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE OFFER AND THE MERGER.

   
Six members of the Peapod Board, Messrs. Dorhout Mees, Van Solt, Grize,
Hotarek, Smith and Preston, are officers of Royal Ahold, and Messrs. Grize and
Hotarek are directors of the Purchaser.
See Schedules I and II.
In addition,
the following members of the Peapod Board own Shares: Messrs. van Gelder, A.
Parkinson, Van Stekelenburg, Myhren and McLane.
See "Special
Factors--Beneficial Ownership of the Common Stock and the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock.
"

   Peapod has employment agreements and severance agreements with eight of its
current executive officers.
If the Purchaser acquires 20% or more of the Shares
(whether in the Offer, the Merger or otherwise), excluding Shares currently
owned by the Purchaser or its affiliates, a "change in control" within the
meaning of the severance agreements of Messrs. A. Parkinson, T. Parkinson, van
Gelder, Brennan and Rachowicz will be deemed to have occurred.
Upon termination
by Peapod without "cause," or termination by the executive for "good reason,"
as defined in the severance agreements, following such "change in control" each
of Messrs. Brennan, Rachowicz and van Gelder is entitled to severance payments
equal to 6 months of base salary and each of Messrs. A. Parkinson and T.
Parkinson is entitled to a lump sum severance payment equal to a maximum of two
years of base salary and bonus and continued medical and other benefits for two
years.
Furthermore, a termination of the executive's employment, by the
executive or Peapod, for any reason within the 30-day period commencing on the
first anniversary of such change in control entitles the executive to the
severance payments and benefits described above.
The severance agreements
terminate on the second anniversary of such change in control.

   
Under the Merger Agreement, the directors and officers of Peapod are
entitled to certain rights of indemnification and to be insured by the
Surviving Corporation, with respect to certain matters from and after the
completion of the Merger.
See "Special Factors--The Merger Agreement--Certain
Covenants.
"

   Each Special Committee member is entitled to receive director fees for
service on the Special Committee which totalled less than $50,000 each.

   
The Special Committee and the Peapod Board were aware of the above actual
and potential conflicts of interest and considered them along with the other
matters described under "Special Factors--Recommendation of the Special
Committee and the Board of Directors of Peapod; Fairness of the Offer and the
Merger.
"

                               THE TENDER OFFER

1.
Terms of the Offer.

   
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the
Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any extension or
amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all Shares
validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) and not
properly withdrawn in accordance with "The Tender Offer--Section 4--Withdrawal
Rights."
The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time,
on Thursday, August 23, 2001, unless and until the Purchaser, in its sole
discretion (but subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement), shall have
extended the period of time during which the Offer is open, in which event the
term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer,
as so extended by the Purchaser, shall expire.

   
The Offer is subject to the conditions set forth in "The Tender
Offer--Section 12--Conditions of the Offer."
If any such condition is not
satisfied, the Purchaser may (1) extend the Offer and, subject to certain
conditions and to the Holder's withdrawal rights as set forth in "The Tender
Offer--Section 4--Withdrawal Rights," retain all Shares which have been
tendered until the expiration of the Offer as so extended, (2) waive or amend
such conditions to the Offer and, subject to any requirement to extend the
period of time during which the Offer is open, purchase all Shares validly
tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn or delay
acceptance for payment or payment for Shares, subject to applicable law, until
all conditions to the Offer relating to governmental or regulatory approval are
satisfied or (3) terminate the Offer as to any Shares not then paid for.

   
Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment; Subsequent Offering
Period.
The Purchaser has the right, in its sole discretion, to extend the
Offer beyond the initial Expiration Date, without the consent of Peapod, in the
following events: (1) from time to time if, at the initial Expiration Date (or
extended expiration date of the Offer, if applicable), any of the conditions to
the Offer shall not have been satisfied or waived, (2) for any period required
by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the Commission or the
staff thereof applicable to the Offer or any period required by applicable law,
(3) for an aggregate period not to exceed 20 business days (for all such
extensions), if all of the conditions to the Offer are satisfied or waived but
the number of Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn is insufficient to
result in the Purchaser owning at least 90% of the then outstanding number of
Shares on a fully diluted basis (without giving effect to exercise of the
Warrants), or (4) pursuant to an amendment to the Offer providing for a
"subsequent offering period" not to exceed 20 business days to the extent
permitted under, and in compliance with, Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.

   
The Purchaser expressly reserves the right to waive any of the conditions to
the Offer and to make any change in the terms of the Purchaser's conditions to
the Offer, provided that without the consent of Peapod, the Purchaser cannot
change the form of consideration to be paid in the Offer, decrease the Offer
Price, impose any additional conditions to the Offer or amend any term to the
Offer in a manner that would adversely affect the Holders of Peapod.

   
If the Purchaser increases or decreases the consideration to be paid for the
Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time
before the expiration of a period of ten business days from, and including, the
date that notice of such increase or decrease is first published, sent or given
in the manner specified below, the Offer will be extended until the expiration
of such period of ten business days.
If the Purchaser makes a material change
in the terms of the Offer (other than a change in price or percentage of
securities sought) or in the information concerning the Offer, or waives a
material condition of the Offer, the Purchaser will extend the Offer, if
required by applicable law, for a period sufficient to allow the Holder to
consider the amended terms of the Offer.
In a published release, the Commission
has stated that in its view an offer must remain open for a minimum period of
time following a material change in the terms of such offer.
The release states
that an offer should remain open for a minimum of five business days from the
date the material change is first published, sent or given to stockholders, and
that if material changes are made with respect to information that approaches
the significance of price and percentage of the Shares sought, a minimum of ten

business days may be required to allow adequate dissemination and investor
response.
The term "business day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or
a federal holiday and shall consist of the time period from 12:01 A.M. through
12:00 Midnight, New York City time.

   
Any extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment will be followed as
promptly as practicable by a public announcement, in the case of an extension
of the Offer, to be made no later than 9:00 A.M., New York City time, on the
next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date, in accordance
with the public announcement requirements of Rule 14e-1(d) under the Exchange
Act.
Subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d) and 14d-6(c) under the
Exchange Act, which require that material changes in the information published,
sent or given to any stockholders in connection with the Offer be promptly
disseminated to stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform them of
such changes), and without limiting the manner in which the Purchaser may
choose to make any public announcement, the Purchaser has no obligation to
publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any public announcement other than
by issuing a press release to the Dow Jones News Service or as otherwise may be
required by applicable law.

   
If the Purchaser extends the time during which the Offer is open, or if the
Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of or payment for the Shares
pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the
Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the Depositary may retain tendered Shares
on the Purchaser's behalf and those Shares may not be withdrawn except to the
extent tendering Holders are entitled to withdrawal rights as described herein
under "The Tender Offer--Section 4--Withdrawal Rights."
However, the
Purchaser's ability to delay the payment for Shares that the Purchaser has
accepted for payment is limited by (1) Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act,
which requires that a bidder pay the consideration offered or return the
securities deposited by or on behalf of stockholders promptly after the
termination or withdrawal of such bidder's offer and (2) the terms of the
Merger Agreement, which require that, on the terms and subject to prior
satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions to the Offer, the Purchaser must
accept for payment and pay for the Shares within the time period required under
applicable law.

   
Pursuant to Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act, after the expiration of the
Offer, if all of the conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived, the
Purchaser may, subject to certain conditions, include a subsequent offering
period (a "Subsequent Offering Period") pursuant to which the Purchaser may add
a period of between three and twenty business days to permit additional tenders
of Shares.
The Purchaser may include a Subsequent Offering Period so long as,
among other things, (1) the initial twenty business day period of the Offer has
expired, (2) the Offer is for all the outstanding securities of the class that
is the subject of the Offer, (3) the Purchaser accepts and promptly pays for
all Shares validly tendered during the Offer, (4) the Purchaser announces the
results of the Offer, including the approximate number and percentage of Shares
deposited in the Offer, no later than 9:00 A.M., New York City time on the next
business day after the Expiration Date and immediately begins the Subsequent
Offering Period, (5) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for
Shares as they are tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period and (6) the
Purchaser offers the same form and amount of consideration for Shares in the
Subsequent Offering Period as in the Offer.
In addition, the Purchaser may
extend any initial Subsequent Offering Period by any period or periods,
provided that the aggregate of the Subsequent Offering Periods (including
extensions thereof) is no more than 20 business days.
The Purchaser has not at
this time made a decision to include or to not include a Subsequent Offering
Period.
Such decision will be made in the Purchaser's sole discretion, and
there is no assurance that the Purchaser will or will not include such a
Subsequent Offering Period.
The staff of the Commission has expressed the view
that a bidder can decide to provide for a Subsequent Offering Period after the
initial offering period has expired if such a Subsequent Offering Period is
announced at the same time that the bidder announces the results of the initial
offering period.
In the event the Purchaser elects to include a Subsequent
Offering Period, it will notify Holders consistent with the requirements of the
Commission.

   
No withdrawal rights apply to Shares tendered in a Subsequent Offering
Period and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period
with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for

payment.
The same consideration will be paid to stockholders tendering Shares
in the Offer or in any Subsequent Offering Period.
If the Purchaser commences a
Subsequent Offering Period, U.S. federal securities laws require the Purchaser
to accept immediately for payment all tenders of Shares during a Subsequent
Offering Period and to pay promptly for all Shares tendered in any Subsequent
Offering Period.
Any extension, termination or amendment or extension of a
Subsequent Offering Period will be followed as promptly as practicable by a
public announcement thereof.
Without limiting the manner in which the Purchaser
may choose to make any public announcement, the Purchaser will have no
obligation (except as otherwise required by applicable law) to publish,
advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other than by
making a release to the Dow Jones News Service.
In the case of an extension of
the Offer, the Purchaser will make a public announcement of such extension no
later than 9:00 A.M., New York City time, on the next business day after the
previously scheduled Expiration Date.

   
Peapod has provided the Purchaser with Peapod's stockholder lists and
security position listings in respect of the Shares for the purpose of
disseminating the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and other
relevant materials to Holders.
This Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal and other relevant materials will be mailed to record Holders of
Shares whose names appear on Peapod's list of Holders of Shares and will be
furnished, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares, to
brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose
names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on Peapod's list of Holders of
the Shares or, where applicable, who are listed as participants in the security
position listing of The Depository Trust Company ("DTC").


2.
Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares.

   
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, the Merger
Agreement and applicable law, (including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act,
(including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of
any such extension or amendment)), the Purchaser will purchase, by accepting
for payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly tendered prior to the
Expiration Date (and not properly withdrawn in accordance with "The Tender
Offer--Section 4--Withdrawal Rights") promptly after the later to occur of (1)
the Expiration Date and (2) the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in "The Tender Offer--Section 12--Conditions of the Offer," including,
but not limited to, the regulatory conditions specified in "The Tender
Offer--Section 13--Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals."
Subject to
applicable rules of the Commission and the terms of the Merger Agreement, the
Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to delay
acceptance for payment of, or payment for, Shares in order to comply, in whole
or in part, with any regulatory approvals.
If, following acceptance for payment
of Shares, the Purchaser asserts such regulatory approvals as a condition and
does not promptly pay for Shares tendered, the Purchaser will promptly return
such Shares.

   
In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer
will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (1) the
certificates evidencing such Shares (the "Certificates") or timely confirmation
of a book-entry transfer (a "Book-Entry Confirmation") of such Shares into the
Depositary's account at DTC (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility"), pursuant to
the procedures set forth in "The Tender Offer--Section 3--Procedures for
Tendering Shares," (2) the Letter of Transmittal (or a copy thereof), properly
completed and duly executed with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agent's Message (as defined below) in connection with a book-entry transfer and
(3) any other documents required to be included with the Letter of Transmittal
under the terms and subject to the conditions thereof and to this Offer to
Purchase.

   
The term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation system, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility has received an express acknowledgment from a participant in the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant has
received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and
that the Purchaser may enforce such agreement against such participant.

   
For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment (and thereby purchased) Shares validly tendered and not properly
withdrawn if, as and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares.
Upon the
terms and

subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor
with the Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering Holders for the
purpose of receiving payments from the Purchaser and transmitting payments to
such tendering Holders whose Shares have been accepted for payment.
UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST ON THE OFFER PRICE BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER,
REGARDLESS OF ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT OR EXTENSION OF THE EXPIRATION
DATE.
Upon the deposit of funds with the Depositary for the purpose of making
payments to tendering Holders, the Purchaser's obligation to make such payment
shall be satisfied, and tendering Holders must thereafter look solely to the
Depositary for payment of amounts owed to them by reason of the acceptance for
payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

   
If any tendered Shares are not accepted for payment for any reason pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Offer, or if Certificates are submitted
evidencing more Shares than are tendered, Certificates evidencing Shares not
purchased will be returned, without expense to the tendering Holder (or, in the
case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility pursuant to the procedure set forth in "The
Tender Offer--Section 3--Procedures for Tendering Shares," such Shares will be
credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility),
promptly following the expiration or termination of the Offer.

   
If, prior to the Expiration Date, the Purchaser increases the consideration
to be paid per Share pursuant to the Offer, the Purchaser will pay such
increased consideration for all such Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer,
whether or not such Shares were tendered prior to such increase in
consideration.

   
The Purchaser reserves the right to assign to Royal Ahold, or to any other
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Royal Ahold, the right to
purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but
any such assignment will not relieve the Purchaser of its obligations under the
Offer and the Merger Agreement and will in no way prejudice the rights of
tendering Holders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted
for payment pursuant to the Offer.


3.
Procedures for Tendering Shares.

   
Valid Tender of Shares.
In order for Shares to be validly tendered pursuant
to the Offer, a Holder must, prior to the Expiration Date, either (1) deliver
to the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase (a) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or a copy thereof) with any required signature guarantees, (b) the
Certificates for Shares to be tendered and (c) any other documents required to
be included with the Letter of Transmittal under the terms and subject to the
conditions thereof and of this Offer to Purchase, (2) cause such Holder's
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or custodian to tender
applicable Shares pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described
below, or (3) comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below.

   
Pursuant to the Rights Agreement, until the close of business on the
Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement), the Rights will be
transferred with and only with the certificates for Common Stock and the
surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Stock will also
constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Stock
represented by such certificates.

   
If separate certificates representing the Rights are issued to Holders prior
to the time a Holder's Shares are tendered pursuant to the Offer, certificates
representing a number of Rights equal to the number of Shares tendered must be
delivered to the Depositary, or, if available, a Book-Entry Confirmation
received by the Depositary with respect thereto, in order for such Shares to be
validly tendered.
If the Distribution Date occurs and separate certificates
representing the Rights are not distributed prior to the time Shares are
tendered pursuant to the Offer, Rights may be tendered prior to a Holder
receiving the certificates for Rights by use of the

guaranteed delivery procedures described below.
A tender of Shares constitutes
an agreement by the tendering Holder to deliver certificates representing all
Rights formerly associated with the number of Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer to the Depositary prior to expiration of the period permitted by such
guaranteed delivery procedures for delivery of certificates for, or a
Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to, Rights (the "Rights Delivery Period").

However, after expiration of the Rights Delivery Period, the Purchaser may
elect to reject as invalid a tender of Shares with respect to which
certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to, the number of
Rights required to be tendered with such Shares have not been received by the
Depositary.
Nevertheless, the Purchaser will be entitled to accept for payment
Shares tendered by a Holder prior to receipt of the certificates for the Rights
required to be tendered with such Shares, or a Book-Entry Confirmation with
respect to such Rights, and either (1) subject to complying with applicable
rules and regulations of the Commission, withhold payment for such Shares
pending receipt of the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation with
respect to, such Rights or (2) make payment for Shares accepted for payment
pending receipt of the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation with
respect to, such Rights in reliance upon the agreement of a tendering Holder to
deliver Rights and such guaranteed delivery procedures.
Any determination by
the Purchaser to make payment for Shares in reliance upon such agreement and
such guaranteed delivery procedures or, after expiration of the Rights Delivery
Period, to reject a tender as invalid will be made in the sole and absolute
discretion of the Purchaser.

   
The method of delivery of the Shares, the Certificates, the Letter of
Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at the option and risk of the tendering
Holder, and the delivery will be deemed made only when actually received by the
Depositary (including in the case of book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry
Confirmation).
If delivery is by mail, registered mail with return receipt
requested, properly insured, is recommended.
In all cases, sufficient time
should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

   
Book-Entry Transfer.
The Depositary will establish an account with respect
to the Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer
within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase.
Any
financial institution that is a participant in the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility's system may make book-entry delivery of Shares by (1) causing such
securities to be transferred in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility's procedures into the Depositary's account and (2) causing the Letter
of Transmittal to be delivered to the Depositary by means of an Agent's
Message.
Although delivery of Shares may be effected through book-entry
transfer, either the Letter of Transmittal (or manually signed copy thereof),
properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature
guarantees, or any Agent's Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, and
any other required documents, must, in any case, be transmitted to and received
by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date at one of its addresses set
forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, or the tendering Holder must
comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below.
Delivery of the
Letter of Transmittal and other required documents or instructions to the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

   
Signature Guarantee.
All signatures on a Letter of Transmittal must be
guaranteed by a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan
associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security
Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion
Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each an
"Eligible Institution"), unless the Shares tendered thereby are tendered (1) by
the registered Holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this document, shall
include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears
on a security position listing as the owner of Shares) of Shares who has not
completed the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled
"Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (2) for the
account of an Eligible Institution.
See Instruction 1 to the Letter of
Transmittal.

   
If a Certificate is registered in the name of a person other than the signer
of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made, or a Certificate not
accepted for payment or not tendered is to be returned to a person

other than the registered Holder(s), then the Certificate must be endorsed or
accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the
name(s) of the registered Holder(s) appear(s) on the Certificate, with the
signature(s) on such Certificate or stock powers guaranteed as described above.

See Instructions 1, 5 and 7 to the Letter of Transmittal.

   
Guaranteed Delivery.
If a Holder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the
Offer and such Holder's Certificates are not immediately available (including
because certificates for the Rights have not yet been distributed by the Rights
Agent) or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date or the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be
completed on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless be tendered if all
the following conditions are satisfied:

      (1) such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution,

      (2) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery,
   substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the
   Depositary as provided below prior to the Expiration Date, and

      (3) the Certificates for all tendered Shares in proper form for transfer,
   together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
   (or a copy thereof) with any required signature guarantee (or, in the case
   of a book-entry transfer, a Book-Entry Confirmation along with an Agent's
   Message) and any other documents required by such Letter of Transmittal, are
   received by the Depositary within three New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
   ("NYSE") trading days after the date of execution of the Notice of
   Guaranteed Delivery, or if certificates evidencing the Rights have been
   issued, three NYSE trading days after the date certificates for the Rights
   are distributed to Holders by the Rights Agent.
A trading day is a day on
   which the NYSE is open for business.

   
Any Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand to the Depositary
or transmitted by facsimile transmission, or by mail to the Depositary and must
include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in the
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
In the case of Shares held through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery must be
delivered to the Depositary by a participant by means of the confirmation
system of the Book-Entry Transfer Facility.

   
Other Requirements.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, payment for
Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will, in all cases, be made
only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (1) Certificates evidencing such
Shares or a Book-Entry Confirmation of the delivery of such Shares, and if
certificates evidencing Rights have been issued, such certificates or a
Book-Entry confirmation, if available, with respect to such certificates
(unless the Purchaser elects, in its sole discretion, to make payment for the
Shares pending receipt of such certificates or a Book-Entry Confirmation, if
available, with respect to such certificates), (2) a properly completed and
duly executed Letter of Transmittal or a copy thereof with any required
signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
Message) and (3) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.

Accordingly, tendering Holders may be paid at different times depending upon
when Certificates for Shares (or certificates for Rights) or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to Shares (or Rights, if applicable) are actually
received by the Depositary.
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the
Offer Price to be paid by the Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the
Offer or any delay in making such payment.

   
Determination of Validity.
All questions as to the validity, form,
eligibility (including, but not limited to, time of receipt) and acceptance for
payment of any tendered Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described
above will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, whose
determination will be final and binding on all parties.
The Purchaser reserves
the absolute right to reject any or all tenders of any Shares determined by it
not to be in proper form or if the acceptance for payment of, or payment for,
such Shares may, in the opinion of the Purchaser's counsel, be unlawful.
The
Purchaser also reserves the absolute right, in its sole discretion, (subject to
the terms of the Merger Agreement) to waive any of the conditions of the Offer
or any defect or

irregularity in any tender with respect to Shares of any particular Holder,
whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of
other Holders.
No tender of Shares will be deemed to have been validly made
until all defects and irregularities have been cured or waived.

   
Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser's interpretation
of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal
and the instructions thereto) will be final and binding.

   
Appointment as Proxy.
By executing a Letter of Transmittal (or delivering an
Agent's Message) as set forth above, a tendering Holder irrevocably appoints
each designee of the Purchaser as such Holder's attorney-in-fact and proxy,
with full power of substitution, to vote the Shares as described below in such
manner as such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or any substitute thereof) shall
deem proper in its sole discretion, and to otherwise act (including pursuant to
written consent) to the full extent of such Holder's rights with respect to the
Shares tendered by such Holder and accepted for payment by the Purchaser (and
any and all dividends, distributions, rights or other securities issued or
issuable in respect of such Shares on or after July 27, 2001 and prior to the
time of such vote or action) (collectively the "Distributions").
All such
proxies and powers of attorney shall be considered coupled with an interest in
the tendered Shares and shall be irrevocable.
This appointment will be
effective if, when, and only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts such
Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer.
Upon such acceptance for payment, all
prior proxies and powers of attorney given by such Holder with respect to such
Shares, other securities and all Distributions will, without further action, be
revoked, and no subsequent proxies may be given (and, if given, will not be
deemed effective).
The designees of the Purchaser will, with respect to the
Shares and other securities for which the appointment is effective, be
empowered to exercise all voting and other rights of such Holder as they in
their sole discretion may deem proper at any annual, special, adjourned or
postponed meeting of Peapod's stockholders, by written consent in lieu of any
such meeting or otherwise.
The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in
order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the
Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able
to exercise all rights (including, without limitation, all voting rights) with
respect to such Shares and receive all Distributions.

   
Backup Withholding.
Under United States federal income tax law, the amount
of any payments made by the Depositary to Holders (other than corporate and
certain other exempt Holders) pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup
withholding tax at a rate of 31%.
To avoid such backup withholding tax with
respect to payments pursuant to the Offer, a non-exempt, tendering "U.S.
Holder" (as defined in "The Tender Offer--Section 5--Certain United States
Federal Income Tax Consequences") must provide the Depositary with such
Holder's correct taxpayer identification number and certify under penalty of
perjury that (1) the TIN provided is correct (or that such Holder is awaiting a
TIN) and (2) such Holder is not subject to backup withholding tax by completing
the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of Transmittal.
If
backup withholding applies with respect to a Holder or if a Holder fails to
deliver a completed Substitute Form W-9 to the Depositary or otherwise
establish an exemption, the Depositary is required to withhold 31% of any
payments made to such Holder.
See "The Tender Offer--Section 5--Certain United
States Federal Income Tax Consequences" and the information set forth under the
heading "Important Tax Information" contained in the Letter of Transmittal.

Under recently enacted legislation, the backup withholding tax rate of 31% will
be reduced as of August 7, 2001 to 30.5%.

   
The Purchaser's acceptance for payment of the Common Stock tendered pursuant
to the Offer will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering Holder
and the Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer.


4. Withdrawal Rights.

   
Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable other than as
provided by applicable law and the Merger Agreement except that such Shares may
be withdrawn at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore
accepted for payment by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be
withdrawn at

any time after September 24, 2001, or at such later time as may apply if the
Offer is extended beyond that date (excluding any Subsequent Offering Period).

In the event the Purchaser provides a Subsequent Offering Period following the
Offer, no withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered during such
Subsequent Offering Period or to Shares previously tendered in the Offer and
accepted for payment.

   
If the Purchaser extends the Offer (excluding any Subsequent Offering
Period), is delayed in its acceptance for payment of Shares or is unable to
accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without
prejudice to the Purchaser's rights under the Offer but subject to the
Purchaser's obligations under the Exchange Act, the Depositary may,
nevertheless, on behalf of the Purchaser, retain tendered Shares, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that tendering Holders are
entitled to withdrawal rights as described in this section.
Any such delay will
be an extension of the Offer to the extent required by law.

   
For a withdrawal to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice
of withdrawal with respect to the Shares must be timely received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase.
Any such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who
tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and
the name of the registered Holder of the Shares, if different from that of the
person who tendered such Shares.
If Certificates evidencing Shares to be
withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then,
prior to the physical release of such Certificates, the serial numbers shown on
such Certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and the signature(s) on
the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution, unless
such Shares have been tendered for the account of an Eligible Institution.

Shares tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer as set forth
in "The Tender Offer--Section 3--Procedures for Tendering Shares," may be
withdrawn only by means of the withdrawal procedures made available by the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, must specify the name and number of the account
at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares
and must otherwise comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures.

   
Withdrawals of tendered Shares may not be rescinded without the Purchaser's
consent and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly
tendered for purposes of the Offer.
All questions as to the form and validity
(including time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by the
Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and
binding.
None of Royal Ahold, the Purchaser, the Depositary, the Information
Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any
defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability
for failure to give any such notification.

   
However, any Shares properly withdrawn may be re-tendered at any time prior
to the Expiration Date by following any of the procedures described in "The
Tender Offer--Section 3--Procedures for Tendering Shares.
"

   5.
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.
The receipt of
cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger by a U.S. Holder will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may also
be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign tax laws.
For
purposes of this discussion, a "U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of Shares
who for United States federal income tax purposes is (1) a citizen or resident
of the United States, (2) a corporation or partnership organized in or under
the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including the District of
Columbia), (3) an estate the income of which is subject to United States
federal income taxation regardless of its source or (4) a trust if such trust
has validly elected to be treated as a United States person for United States
federal income tax purposes or a trust (a) the administration over which a
United States court can exercise primary supervision and (b) all of the
substantial decisions of which one or more United States persons have the
authority to control.

   
In general, a U.S. Holder will recognize gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount
realized from the sale of Shares and such U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in
such Shares.
Assuming that the Shares constitute a capital asset in the hands
of the U.S. Holder, such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss.
In the case
of a noncorporate U.S. Holder, the maximum marginal United States federal
income tax rate applicable to such gain will be lower than the maximum marginal
United States federal income tax rate applicable to ordinary income if such
U.S. Holder's holding period for such Shares exceeds one year.

   
The foregoing discussion may not be applicable to certain types of Holders,
including Holders who acquired Shares pursuant to the exercise of stock options
or otherwise as compensation, Holders that are not U.S. Holders and Holders
that are otherwise subject to special tax rules, such as financial
institutions, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, regulated
investment companies, grantor trusts, dealers or traders in securities or
currencies, tax-exempt entities, persons that hold Shares as a position in a
"straddle" or as part of a "hedging" or "conversion" transaction for tax
purposes and persons that have a "functional currency" other than the United
States dollar.

   
Backup Withholding Tax.
As noted in "The Tender Offer--Section 3--Procedures
for Tendering Shares," a Holder (other than an "exempt recipient," including a
corporation, a non-U.S. Holder that provides appropriate certification (if the
payor does not have actual knowledge that such certificate is false) and
certain other persons) that receives cash in exchange for Shares may be subject
to United States federal backup withholding tax at a rate equal to 31%, unless
such Holder provides its taxpayer identification number and certifies that such
Holder is not subject to backup withholding tax by submitting a completed
Substitute Form W-9 to the Depositary.
Accordingly, each U.S. Holder should
complete, sign and submit the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the
Letter of Transmittal in order to avoid the imposition of such backup
withholding tax.
Under recently enacted legislation, the backup withholding tax
rate of 31% will be reduced as of August 7, 2001 to 30.5%.

   
The United States federal income tax discussion set forth above is included
for general information and is based upon income tax laws, regulations, rulings
and decisions currently available and in effect, all of which are subject to
change (possibly retroactively).
Holders are  urged to consult their tax
advisors with respect to the particular tax consequences of the Offer and the
Merger to them, including the application and effect of the alternative minimum
tax and state, local and foreign tax laws.

   
6.
Price Range of Shares; Dividends.
The Shares are listed and traded on the
Nasdaq under the symbol "PPOD."
The table below sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the quarterly high and low sales prices of the Shares on Nasdaq
based on published financial sources:

                                           High    Low
                                          -------
------

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
   First Quarter......................... $11.250 $7.063
   Second Quarter........................  
14.875  6.938
   Third Quarter.........................  10.500  6.313
   Fourth Quarter........................  15.000  7.375
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
   First Quarter.........................  11.563  2.500
   Second Quarter........................   3.875  2.000
   Third Quarter.........................   3.500  1.031
   Fourth Quarter........................   3.000   .750
Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001
   First Quarter.........................   1.469   .688
   Second Quarter........................   1.594   .781
   Third Quarter (through July 26, 2001).   
2.200   .900

- --------
Source: Peapod's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April
2, 2001, for data other than fiscal year 2001 data; fiscal year 2001 data from
Dow Jones.


Holders are urged to obtain current market quotations for the Shares.

   
No cash dividends have been paid on the Shares since its initial public
offering.
The Merger Agreement prohibits Peapod from declaring or paying any
dividends until the effective date of the Merger without the prior written
consent of Royal Ahold.
See "The Tender Offer--Section 10--Dividends and
Distributions.
"

7.
Certain Information Concerning Peapod.

   
Peapod.
Peapod is one of America's leading Internet grocers and a provider
of targeted media and research services.
Peapod's "SMART SHOPPING FOR BUSY
PEOPLE(R)" solution provides consumers with time savings and convenience
through a user-friendly, highly functional virtual supermarket, personalized
shopping and delivery services, and responsive telephonic and e-mail support.

Peapod provides consumer goods companies with a forum for targeted interactive
advertising, high impact electronic couponing and extensive product research by
linking together customers from multiple markets into a national online network
and collecting substantial data regarding customers' purchase intentions,
purchasing behavior and demographics.
In June 2000, Royal Ahold purchased a
majority stake in Peapod and currently owns approximately 58% of the
outstanding voting securities of Peapod.
In strategic partnership with Royal
Ahold, Peapod is pursuing a "clicks and bricks" business strategy in which
Peapod works closely with Royal Ahold's supermarket companies in the United
States to bring Peapod's online shopping and delivery service to metropolitan
areas where these supermarket companies are well established.

   
Peapod is a Delaware corporation with its principal corporate offices
located at 9933 Woods Drive, Skokie, Illinois 60077.
The telephone number of
Peapod at such offices is (847) 583-9400.
The name, business address, principal
occupation or employment, five year employment history and citizenship of each
director and executive officer of Peapod is set forth on Schedule II.

   Available Information.
Peapod is subject to the information and reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act and is required to file reports and other
information with the Commission relating to its business, financial condition
and other matters.
Information as of particular dates concerning Peapod's
directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the
principal holders of Peapod's securities, any material interests of such
persons in transactions with Peapod and other matters is required to be
disclosed in proxy statements filed with the Commission.
These reports, proxy
statements and other information should be available for inspection at the
public reference facilities of the Commission located in Judiciary Plaza, 450
Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20549, and also should be available for
inspection and copying at prescribed rates at regional offices of the
Commission located at Seven World Trade Center, New York, New York 10048 and
500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661.
Copies of this
material may also be obtained by mail, upon payment of the Commission's
customary fees, from the Commission's principal office at 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C., 20549.
Electronic filings filed through the
Commission's Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system
("EDGAR"), including those made by or in respect of Peapod, are publicly
available through the Commission's home page on the Internet at
http://www.sec.gov.

   
Except as otherwise stated in this Offer to Purchase, the information
concerning Peapod contained in this Offer to Purchase, including financial
information, has been taken from or is based upon publicly available documents
and records on file with the Commission and other public sources.
Although
Royal Ahold and the Purchaser have no knowledge that would indicate that any
statements contained herein based upon such reports and documents are untrue,
Royal Ahold and the Purchaser take no responsibility for the accuracy or
completeness of the information contained in such reports and other documents
or for any failure by Peapod to disclose events that may have occurred and may
affect the significance or accuracy of any such information but that are
unknown to Royal Ahold or the Purchaser.

   
Capital Structure.
The authorized capital of Peapod consists of (1)
100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (2)
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.

   
(a) Common Stock

   As of July 16, 2001, (1) 18,054,262 Shares were issued and outstanding, (2)
6,745,429 shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding options and
warrants, (3) 19,369,873 shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion of
the Series C Shares and (4) 36,560,937 shares were reserved for issuance upon
exercise of the Warrants.

   (b) Preferred Stock

   On June 30, 2000, Peapod issued Series B Shares and the Preferred Warrants
under the terms of the Purchase Agreement with Royal Ahold.
All of the
outstanding Series B Shares were exchanged on October 12, 2000, for Series C
Shares.

   
The Series C Shares have the same terms as the Series B Shares except that,
in lieu of a provision for mandatory redemption by Peapod of the Series B
Shares, the Series C Shares provide for an increase in the dividend rate on the
Series C Shares beginning on June 30, 2008.
The Series C Shares are convertible
into 19,369,873 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment for certain
dilutive issuances, which represents approximately 52% of the Common Stock
outstanding as of July 16, 2001.
The Series C Shares rank senior to the Common
Stock with respect to dividends and liquidation payments, and has a liquidation
preference of $100.00 per share, plus all then accrued and unpaid dividends.

The Series C Shares accrue cumulative dividends, payable quarterly, at the rate
of 8% per annum until June 30, 2008, and thereafter at the rate of 16% per
annum.
Royal Ahold has waived its right to receive payment of all accumulated
and unpaid dividends on the Series C Shares (and the previously held Series B
Shares), including future quarterly dividends, until the completion of a debt
or equity financing transaction at which time Peapod is required to use the
cash proceeds from the financing transaction to pay all accumulated and
compounded dividends on the Series C Shares.
As of June 30, 2001, such
accumulated and unpaid dividends totaled $5,985,000.

   
Holders of Series C Shares are entitled to vote together with the holders of
Common Stock as a single class on all matters submitted for a vote to holders
of Common Stock.
Peapod may redeem the outstanding Series C Shares at any time
after April 14, 2008, at a redemption price per share equal to the liquidation
preference for the Series C Shares ($72,637,024), plus the amount of any
accumulated and unpaid dividends as of the date of the redemption.

   
In the event that a "change in control" occurs, the holder of the Series C
Shares may elect to have Peapod redeem those shares at the $100 liquidation
preference for the Series C Shares, plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid
dividends as of the date of redemption, plus an amount per share equal to the
dividends that would have accumulated from the date of redemption to and
including April 14, 2005.
Peapod may optionally redeem the outstanding Series C
Shares at any time after April 14, 2008 at a redemption price per share equal
to the $100 liquidation preference for the Series C Shares, plus the amount of
any accrued and unpaid dividends as of the date of the redemption.

   
As of July 16, 2001, of the 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized,
(1) 1,000,000 shares have been designated Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock, none of which will be issued or outstanding but all of which
have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Rights, (2) 726,371
shares have been designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which
are issued and outstanding and (3) 726,371 shares have been designated Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock, 726,371 of which are issued and outstanding.

   
(c) Warrants

   In connection with the Purchase Agreement with Royal Ahold, on June 30,
2000
, Peapod granted to Royal Ahold the Preferred Warrants to purchase
32,894,270 shares of Common Stock.
Previously, Peapod had granted to Royal
Ahold the Credit Facility Warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock
and 3,566,667 shares of Common Stock, respectively.

   
The Warrants give Royal Ahold the right to purchase up to an aggregate of
36,560,937 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share for
the Credit Facility Warrants and $3.75 per share for the Preferred Warrants.

   
Royal Ahold may exercise the Warrants, in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time, prior to the tenth anniversary of the date of issue of the
Warrants.
Payment of the exercise price may be made in a variety of methods,
including in cash or by the provisions of goods or services with a fair value
equal to the exercise price.


The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants is subject to anti-dilution adjustment under certain
circumstances as set forth in the Warrants.

   
The Series C Shares and Warrants held by Royal Ahold and securities
receivable upon conversion of the Series C Shares and exercise of the Warrants
are subject to certain rights to require Peapod to take action to register such
securities under the Securities Act.
The number of such registrations which
Peapod is obligated to effect is unlimited.
In addition, the registration
rights agreement provides Royal Ahold with "piggy-back" registration rights.

The registration rights agreement provides that expenses relating to the
registration of shares will be paid by Peapod and otherwise contains terms that
are customary to registration rights agreements of its type, including, but not
limited to, rights of indemnification and contribution.

   
Peapod also has three other outstanding warrants which entitle the holders
thereof to purchase a total of 203,215 shares of Common Stock.
See "Special
Factors--Transactions and Arrangements Concerning the Shares.
"

   (d) Options

   Peapod has issued options or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock
pursuant to a number of different stock option plans and other plans for the
benefit of non-management directors, executives and other employees.
As of July
16, 2001, 6,745,429 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant
to outstanding options and warrants (excluding the Warrants, but including all
other warrants) and existing employee stock plans.

   
(e) Rights

   On May 29, 1997, the Peapod Board authorized and declared a dividend of one
Right for each share of Common Stock outstanding at the close of business on
the effective date of Peapod's initial public offering registration statement,
file no. 333-24341, each Right representing the right to purchase one
one-hundredth of a share of Peapod's Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, $.001 par value (the "Preferred Shares") at a price of $98.00 per
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share, subject to adjustment.

   
On April 14, 2000, Peapod entered into a Purchase Agreement with Royal Ahold
pursuant to which, among other things, Royal Ahold purchased Series B Shares
and Credit Facility Warrants to purchase Common Stock.
In connection with the
Purchase Agreement, the Peapod Board authorized and declared a dividend on
April 13, 2000, of Rights with respect to the Series B Shares, such that a
number of Rights equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that such Series
B Shares are convertible into in accordance with the Certificate of Designation
for the Series B Shares were issued with respect to each Series B Share
outstanding on the Final Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

   
On October 12, 2000, Peapod entered into an Exchange Agreement with Royal
Ahold, pursuant to which the Series B Shares held by Royal Ahold was exchanged
for Series C Shares, after which the Series B Shares were canceled.

   
On October 11, 2000, the Peapod Board authorized and declared a dividend of
Rights with respect to the Series C Shares, such that a number of Rights equal
to the number of shares of Common Stock that such Series C Shares are
convertible into in accordance with the Certificate of Designations for the
Series C Shares were issued with respect to each Series C Shares outstanding on
the Exchange Closing Date (as defined in the Exchange Agreement).

   
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Peapod agreed to amend the Rights
Agreement.

   
Currently, the Rights are evidenced by the certificates for shares of Common
Stock and Series C Shares registered in the names of holders of Common Stock
and Series C Shares (which certificates shall be deemed also to be certificates
for Rights) and not by Rights certificates, and the Rights are transferable
only in connection with the transfer of the underlying shares of Common Stock
or Series C Shares of Peapod (including a transfer to Peapod).
The Rights will
separate from the Common Stock and the Series C Shares upon the earlier to
occur of (1) the tenth business day following the first public announcement
that any person or group (other than an Exempt Person (as defined in the Rights
Agreement)) has acquired (an "Acquiring Person") beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of Peapod's Shares (the "Share Acquisition Date") and (2) the tenth
business day (or such other business day as may be determined by action of the
Peapod Board prior to the time that any person shall become an Acquiring
Person), following the commencement by any person or group (other than an
Exempt Person, Royal Ahold or its Affiliates or associates) of, or the first
public announcement of its intention to commence, a tender or exchange offer
which would, upon its consummation, result in such person or group being the
Beneficial Owner (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of 15% or more of
Peapod's Shares (the earliest of such dates being the "Distribution Date").
As
soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, separate certificates
evidencing the Rights ("Rights Certificates") will be mailed to the holders of
record of the Shares and Series C Shares as of the close of business on the
Distribution Date, which thereafter will constitute the sole evidence of the
Rights.

   
The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire
at the earlier of the close of business on June 10, 2007 and the time
immediately prior to the completion of the Offer, unless the Rights are earlier
redeemed as described below.

   
In the event a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person, the holders of
the Rights (other than an Acquiring Person and certain transferees therefrom)
will be entitled to purchase shares of Common Stock of Peapod at a 50%
discount.
Simultaneously, the Rights of an Acquiring Person and such
transferees become void.

   
In the event that, on or after the date on which an Acquiring Person has
become such: (1) Peapod merges into or consolidates with an Interested
Stockholder or, unless all holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of
Peapod are treated the same, any other person (with limited designated
exceptions), (2) any Interested Stockholder or, unless all holders of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock of Peapod are treated the same, any other
person (with limited designated exceptions) merges into Peapod or (3) Peapod
sells or transfers 50% or more of its consolidated assets or earning power to
an Interested Stockholder or, unless all holders of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock of Peapod are treated the same, any other person (with limited
designated exceptions), the holders of the Rights (other than Rights which have
become void) will be entitled to purchase common shares of the acquirer (or a
person affiliated therewith) at a 50% discount.
In general, an "Interested
Stockholder" is an Acquiring Person and certain persons affiliated, associated
or acting on behalf of or in concert therewith.
The events set forth in this
paragraph and in the preceding paragraph are referred to as "Triggering
Events.
"

   Peapod may redeem the Rights, in whole but not in part, at a redemption
price of $.01 per Right, subject to adjustment, at the direction of the Peapod
Board, at any time prior to the earliest of (1) 10 Business Days after the
first public announcement that any person (other than Peapod and certain
related entities) has become an Acquiring Person, (2) the occurrence of any
transaction described in the preceding paragraph and (3) the date of final
expiration of the Rights.

   
At any time after any person or group shall have become an Acquiring Person
and before any person (other than an Exempt Person), together with its
affiliates and associates, shall have become the Beneficial Owner of 50% or
more of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock of Peapod, the Peapod Board
may direct the exchange of shares of Common Stock (or Preferred Shares) for all
or any part of the Rights (other than Rights which have become void) at the
exchange rate of one share of Common Stock (or one one-hundredth of a Preferred
Share) per Right, subject to adjustment.

   
Notwithstanding the preceding discussion, pursuant to an amendment to the
Rights Agreement dated as of July 16, 2001, the Purchaser shall not be deemed
an "Acquiring Person."
Furthermore, none of a Distribution Date, a Share
Acquisition Date or a Triggering Event shall be deemed to occur, and the Rights
will not become separable, solely by reason or solely as a result of (1) the
approval, execution or delivery of the Merger Agreement, (2) the consummation
of the Merger, (3) the commencement or consummation of the Offer or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or (4) the announcement
of any of the foregoing.

   
No holder, as such, of any Rights certificate shall be entitled to vote,
receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of
Preferred Shares or any other securities of Peapod which may at any time be
issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything
contained in the Rights Agreement or in any Rights certificate be construed to
confer upon the holder of any Rights certificate, as such, any of the rights of
a stockholder of Peapod or any right to vote for the election of directors or
upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or
withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or
other actions affecting stockholders, or to receive dividends of subscription
rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by such Rights
certificate shall have been exercised in accordance with the provisions of the
Rights Agreement.


PEAPOD, INC.

                     SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA

   Set forth below is certain selected financial information relating to Peapod
which has been excerpted or derived from the financial statements contained in
Peapod's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2000, December 31, 1999, and December 31, 1998 and the unaudited financial
statements contained in Peapod's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly periods ended March 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001.
More comprehensive
financial information is included in these reports and other documents filed by
Peapod with the Commission.
The financial information that follows is qualified
in its entirety by reference to these reports and other documents, including
the financial statements and related notes contained therein.
These reports and
other documents may be inspected at, and copies may be obtained from, the same
places and in the manner set forth under "Available Information.
"

                                                     Years Ended December 31,                            Three Months Ended
                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------
                                                                                                       March 31,     March 31,
                                   1996          1997          1998          1999          2000          2000          2001
                               -------------
-------------
-------------
-------------
------------- -------------
-------------
                                              (In thousands, except share and per share data and operating data)

Statement of Operations:
 (1)
Net sales (2).................
$    27,451   $    56,549   $    68,786   $    72,696   $    92,844   $    24,774   $    24,937
Cost of sales.................     
(20,485)      (40,823)      (53,903)      (55,585)      (71,646)      (19,216)      (16,963)
                                -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Gross profit..................       
6,966        15,726        14,883        17,111        21,198         5,558         7,974
Operating expenses............     (16,997)      (30,666)      (38,941)      (46,761)      (77,069)      (18,141)      (22,922)
                                -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Operating loss................     (10,031)      (14,940)      (24,058)      (29,650)      (55,871)      (12,583)      (14,948)
Net loss......................      (9,566)      (12,979)      (21,565)      (28,453)      (56,758)      (12,742)      (15,452)
Non-cash deemed dividend
 on preferred stock...........          --            --            --            --       (56,953)           --            --
Preferred stock dividend and
 accretion....................          --            --            --            --        (3,163)           --        (2,222)
                                -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Net loss available to common
 stockholders.................      (9,566)      (12,979)      (21,565)      (28,453)     (116,874)      (12,742)      (17,674)
Basic and diluted net loss per
 share........................
$     (0.82)  $     (0.87)  $     (1.27)  $     (1.62)  $     (6.48)  $     (0.70)  $     (0.98)
Shares used to compute basic
 and diluted net loss per
 share........................  
11,664,956    14,915,734    16,964,439    17,542,990    18,043,749    18,207,875    17,981,511
Ratio of earnings to fixed
 charges......................     
(13,186%)     (15,537%)     (11,250%)     (15,116%)      (1,065%)     (22,654%)        (622%)
Deficiency of Earnings to
 Fixed Charges................ $     9,566   $    12,979   $    21,565   $    28,453   $    56,758   $    12,742   $    15,452

Operating Data: (1)
Markets (3)...................           
4             8             8             8             6             8             5
Customers (4).................      35,400       100,400        95,000       111,900       124,400       129,800       120,000
Orders (for the year/quarter
 ended).......................     201,100       396,600       494,700       571,300       772,100       205,500       205,500
Households in service area
 (5)..........................   3,581,000     6,488,000     6,628,500     8,476,100     6,792,300     8,586,100     5,031,600

Balance Sheet Data: (1)
Cash and cash equivalents..... $    13,039   $    54,079   $     4,341   $     3,343   $    14,676   $     3,770   $     3,703
Marketable securities.........          --         8,798        31,049         6,269            --           350            --
Net Property and equipment....       