URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1012123/000092701601501863/0000927016-01-501863.txt

-10-

                                SPECIAL FACTORS

Background of the Merger

     In April 2000, Renaissance approached SG Cowen about the possibility of
assisting us in the sale of the entire company or in the sale of our two
principal operating units, the Information Technology Consulting Services Group,
which we refer to as ITCS, and the Enterprise Solutions Group, which we refer to
as Enterprise Solutions.  
SG Cowen had successfully represented Renaissance in
our most significant divestiture to that point: the sale of our Business
Strategy Group, a transaction that closed in March 2000.  
On May 9, 2000, we
signed an engagement letter with SG Cowen retaining SG Cowen in connection with
the sale of Renaissance in either a single transaction, or a series of
transactions, the purpose of which would be to maximize stockholder value in the
near term.  
The engagement letter entitled SG Cowen to a minimum fee of $3
million upon completion of a sale of Renaissance.

     
SG Cowen immediately commenced three parallel initiatives:  the sale of the
company as a whole, the sale of ITCS and the sale of Enterprise Solutions.  
At
that time, ITCS contributed approximately 72% of our revenue, and Enterprise
Solutions contributed approximately 21% of our revenue.  
The remaining 7% of our
revenue was attributable to the GovConnect business unit.  
SG Cowen was not
directed to seek interested buyers for GovConnect as a separate operating
business.

     
During the period of May through August 2000, SG Cowen approached 29
potential buyers of the entire company.
In response to those inquiries, 14
potential buyers requested copies of the confidential information memorandum
that had been prepared describing the company and our principal operating units.

After reviewing the confidential information memorandum, five potential buyers
attended management meetings.
After these meetings, two parties submitted
indications of interest, subject to further due diligence, to purchase
Renaissance.
The two potential buyers completed their due diligence during the
week of August 7, 2000.
After completion of due diligence, neither party made an
offer.

     
During the period of May through August 2000, SG Cowen approached 26
potential buyers for Enterprise Solutions.
After reviewing the confidential
information memorandum, four potential buyers attended meetings with management
of Enterprise Solutions.
After these meetings, three parties submitted
indications of interest, subject to further due diligence, to purchase
Enterprise Solutions.
After completion of due diligence, two potential buyers
submitted final bids in late August 2000.
We entered into a stock purchase
agreement to sell Enterprise Solutions with Cedar Group Ltd. on September 18,
2000, and the transaction closed on October 20, 2000.

     
Between May and September of 2000, SG Cowen approached a total of 45
potential buyers for ITCS.
After reviewing the confidential information
memorandum, three potential buyers attended meetings with management of ITCS.

After these meeting, Renaissance received three indications of interest, subject
to further due diligence, to purchase ITCS, two of which were from parties that
had attended meetings with management of ITCS and one of which was from one of
the parties that had declined to make an offer for the entire company in August,
2000.
One of the three indications of interest was at a price significantly
below our threshold valuation and was therefore rejected.
Although one of the
other indications of interest was at a significantly higher price than the other
two and appeared to have the potential to represent a significant value to
stockholders, it was subsequently withdrawn in late November.

     
In December 2000, after terminating discussions with the party that had
expressed the highest indication of interest for ITCS, Renaissance instructed SG
Cowen to renew discussions with the two parties that had declined to make an
offer for the entire Company in August, 2000, one of which was the party that
had submitted the second highest indication of interest in ITCS, to ascertain
their interest in making an offer for either the entire Company or ITCS.
After
conducting meetings with management and further due diligence, in January 2001,
both potential bidders informed us that they declined to bid on either the
company as a whole or ITCS.
At that point, Renaissance decided to discontinue
the initiatives to sell ITCS or the company as a whole, due to the significant
distraction to the operations of the business caused by the sale process and the
declining morale of our employees.

     
On April 6, 2001, Mr. Conway sent a letter to our independent directors --
Messrs. O'Brien and Badavas -- seeking their thoughts on a potential management
buyout by Mr. Conway.  
Although Messrs. O'Brien and Badavas declined to offer
views on the advisability of a management buyout, they responded by indicating a
willingness to consider any offer to buy Renaissance that Mr. Conway wished to
submit to them.  
On April 12, 2001, Mr. Conway submitted an expression of
interest to purchase all of our outstanding common stock for $1.20 per share.
In
response

                                      -11-

to that expression of interest, Messrs. O'Brien and Badavas consulted with
counsel and formed a special committee of the board of directors on April 12,
2001.
Compensation for members of the special committee was established at a
maximum of $50,000 for each member, to be comprised of a retainer fee of $25,000
and an additional per diem fee of $2,000 for each meeting of the special
committee attended in person or by telephone or for each substantial expenditure
of time on special committee business.

     
The special committee retained Ropes & Gray as its legal counsel.
The
special committee elected to hire its own independent financial advisor and
thereafter Mr. Conway requested that the special committee permit SG Cowen to
represent him in connection with his proposal.
Under its then current
arrangement with Renaissance, SG Cowen would have been entitled to a minimum fee
of $3 million upon completion of a sale of Renaissance.
SG Cowen agreed to
reduce its fee to $1.75 million, and we terminated its engagement as exclusive
financial advisor to Renaissance and waived any conflict of interest relating to
its representation of Mr. Conway.
On April 25, 2001, the special committee
engaged Adams, Harkness & Hill as its financial advisor with respect to the
proposed management buyout, and to survey other alternatives for the disposition
of Renaissance or its business units.

     
Over the next two weeks, Adams, Harkness & Hill became familiar with our
financial condition and results of operations and worked with management to
understand our current plans and forecasts.
In addition, the special committee
instructed Renaissance's chief financial officer to contact the four parties who
had provided written expressions of interest during the prior year's sale
process to gauge whether there was any interest in a renewed bid in the context
of current market prices.
The chief financial officer contacted four parties and
instructed them to contact Adams, Harkness & Hill if they were indeed
interested.
All four parties contacted Adams, Harkness & Hill.
Adams, Harkness &
Hill spoke with the four parties and received preliminary indications from each
that they would be interested in considering a transaction.
However, because of
the discussions described below that took place with two other potential
purchasers, and because all of these four parties had previously passed on the
opportunity to acquire Renaissance or ITCS, the special committee directed Adams
Harkness & Hill to keep communications open but not to pursue these four parties
aggressively.
None of the four parties aggressively followed up on their initial
contact with Adams Harkness & Hill.

     
On May 14, 2001, the special committee met and heard Adams, Harkness &
Hill's preliminary views on valuation and the fairness of Mr. Conway's initial
expression of interest.
Adams, Harkness & Hill informed the special committee
that it believed the aggregate "break-up" value of the three principal
components of Renaissance's value -- ITCS, GovConnect and the cash on our
balance sheet -- to be in excess of Mr. Conway's initial indication of interest.

The special committee informed Mr. Conway that his initial valuation was
unacceptable and that, unless a higher offer was forthcoming, it would have no
interest in pursuing this transaction.

     
Mr. Conway requested a meeting with the special committee and, on May 21,
2001, the special committee met to hear Mr. Conway's revised proposal.
The legal
representatives and financial advisors for each side were also present in person
or by teleconference.
Prior to the meeting, Mr. Conway shared with the members
of the special committee his most recent forecasts for our operations.
At the
meeting, Mr. Conway made a proposal to acquire all of our outstanding common
stock for a price of $1.25 per share.
The two sides discussed the significant
disparity in the valuations that had been indicated in the review by their
financial advisors.
The special committee informed Mr. Conway that it was not
prepared to accept his offer, given the disparity in valuation between the offer
made, as supported by Mr. Conway's financial advisors and the valuation
attributed to Renaissance by Adams, Harkness & Hill.

     
The special committee instructed Adams, Harkness & Hill to make discreet
inquiries to interested parties to validate Adam Harkness & Hill's valuation and
to assess whether there were any alternative buyers.  
At a meeting of the
special committee conducted on May 24, 2001, Adams, Harkness & Hill reported
that it had received preliminary indications of interest from two potential
purchasers that it believed would be qualified and able to complete a
transaction.  
One of the potential purchasers expressed an interest in acquiring
ITCS for total consideration in the range of $25-35 million.  
The other
potential purchaser expressed an interest in acquiring the entire company at a
price of $1.50 per share.  
Adams, Harkness & Hill advised the special committee
that it believed both of the proposals were capable of being completed if the
potential purchasers could obtain financing in a timely manner.

     
Later in the day on May 24, the special committee and its advisors met
telephonically with Mr. Conway and his advisors.  
The special committee informed
Mr. Conway that it had received preliminary indications of interest in

                                      -12-

ITCS as well as the entire company that suggested that his $1.25 per share offer
did not reflect the value of the enterprise.
The special committee stated that
it recognized that opening the company to a full-scale sale process involved a
certain amount of risk.
Nonetheless, it felt compelled under the circumstances
to pursue alternative proposals because its financial advisor had advised the
special committee that the $1.25 offer was not fair to the Renaissance
stockholders.
The special committee asked Mr. Conway whether he had funding for
his proposal, and he indicated that he had received an oral commitment for the
necessary funding.
The special committee further inquired whether Mr. Conway was
prepared to increase his offer.
Mr. Conway stated that he was prepared to offer
$1.42 per share for all of the outstanding common stock.

     
The special committee convened on Friday, May 25, 2001 to consider Mr.
Conway's improved offer.  
Also present at the meeting were the special
committee's financial and legal advisors.  
The special committee concluded that
Mr. Conway's offer of $1.42 per share was not sufficient for the special
committee to conclude the price was fair to Renaissance stockholders.  
It
considered the potential harm that could result from opening Renaissance up to
another full-scale sale process.  
It noted that billable consultant headcount
had been declining during the year and that there was a possibility that opening
the company up to a sale process could accelerate that process.  
Nonetheless, it
concluded that, given the level of Mr. Conway's offer, rejecting it would be the
most appropriate course of action to maximize value to Renaissance stockholders.

     
Later that same day, the special committee and its advisors met with Mr.
Conway and some of his advisors.  
The special committee told Mr. Conway that,
although it appreciated that he had increased his offer by almost 20% from the
initial indication of interest, it was not in a position to accept his offer.

The special committee revealed that it had instructed Adams, Harkness & Hill and
the two members of senior management that were not involved in Mr. Conway's
proposal to prepare for due diligence by other interested parties, including, to
the extent they had a continuing interest, the four parties with whom Adams,
Harkness & Hill had previously communicated, commencing Tuesday, May 29, 2001.

Recognizing the sensitivity of having other parties on our premises to conduct
due diligence, the special committee requested that Mr. Conway recuse himself
from the process and that two members of management without a potential conflict
of interest orchestrate the diligence efforts on behalf of Renaissance.  
Mr.
Conway stated that, in his capacity as chief executive officer, director and a
significant stockholder, he wanted to make sure the process was designed to
obtain maximum value for stockholders.  
However, he asked that the special
committee delay its commencement of alternative due diligence until noon on
Wednesday, May 30, 2001 to allow him to assess the possibility of further
raising his offer.  
The special committee agreed to his request, although it
asked its advisors and unconflicted management to be prepared for alternative
due diligence beginning at noon on Wednesday.

     
On May 30, 2001, the special committee received a revised expression of
interest from Mr. Conway at a price of $1.63 per share for all outstanding
shares of common stock.  
Mr. Conway indicated that he had obtained a financing
commitment for the transaction at that price level and was prepared to proceed
to prepare definitive agreements for the acquisition.  
Mr. Conway provided a
copy of the financing commitment, on a confidential basis, for the special
committee's review.

  
The special committee met with its legal and financial advisors on May 31,
2001 to consider Mr. Conway's revised offer.  
It considered that, although the
piecemeal sale of the businesses could possibly lead to a higher gross price
than the $1.63 per share that Mr. Conway was offering, successfully completing
two transactions -- the sale of ITCS and the sale of GovConnect -- involved
additional elements of transactional and operating performance risk that made
Mr. Conway's offer to acquire the entire company more attractive.  
Selling the
two businesses separately also gave rise to severance and change-of-control
arrangements that would not be triggered if the company were sold as a whole.

The special committee was also mindful of the fact that every bidder that had
commenced due diligence on the company during the sale process begun by SG Cowen
had ultimately decided against submitting an offer.  
Adams, Harkness & Hill
suggested that it would be in a position to render an opinion that a price of
$1.63 per share was fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of
Renaissance unaffiliated with Registry Holding.  
Accordingly, the special
committee concluded that it would commence negotiations with Mr. Conway with the
intent of reaching agreement on a definitive merger agreement.

     
On June 1, 2001, the special committee received an unsolicited proposal
from the potential purchaser that had one week earlier expressed an interest in
acquiring the ITCS business.
This proposal stated that the potential purchaser
was interested in making an offer to purchase Renaissance in its entirety at a
cash purchase price of $1.75

                                      -13-

per share.
The potential purchaser stated that it would require 10-14 days to
finalize its due diligence investigation.

     
The special committee conferred by telephone on June 2, 2001 to discuss
this most recent proposal.
Adams, Harkness & Hill advised the special committee
that it believed a transaction at the indicated price level was reasonably
capable of being completed if the potential purchaser could obtain financing in
a timely manner.
Counsel for the special committee reviewed the directors'
fiduciary obligations in considering which alternative would provide the greater
value for the stockholders.
The special committee reviewed the financial
statements of the offeror and questioned Adams, Harkness & Hill about the
financial viability of the offer.
Ultimately, the special committee concluded
that it was appropriate to pursue the offer to see whether the offeror could
reach a definitive offer accompanied by evidence of financing in a relatively
short period of time.
The special committee also recognized that time was of the
essence due to the declining state of the business, and it also concluded that
interjecting more uncertainty in the workforce could be seriously detrimental to
the on-going health and stability of the business.
It resolved to permit the
offeror to commence due diligence on Monday, June 4, 2001 and to require the
offeror to submit a bid accompanied by evidence of financing no later than 5
p.m. on Monday, June 11.
The special committee instructed Adams, Harkness & Hill
to inform the bidder that it should be prepared to initiate due diligence on
Monday morning.

     
The special committee subsequently informed Mr. Conway of its decision.
Mr.
Conway stated that given the attenuated process for obtaining acceptance of his
offer, he would withdraw his offer.
Mindful of previous experience, the special
committee was concerned that the due diligence efforts might fail to produce an
offer, leaving Renaissance with no alternative but to restart the sale process,
which would continue to place significant demands on Renaissance and further
deplete its declining resources.
The special committee communicated to Mr.
Conway concern about his contemplated withdrawal.
Mr. Conway stated that he
would agree to leave his offer open until noon on Wednesday, June 13, 2001 if
the special committee agreed to permit due diligence to be conducted by, and
negotiate with, no party other than the current offeror, and to compensate Mr.
Conway for his expenses incurred to date.
The special committee considered the
request and concluded that it was in the best interest of the Renaissance
stockholders to explore the alternative offer and thus agreed to the offer
extension provided that Mr. Conway would be reimbursed only for actual expenses
incurred up to a maximum of $200,000.
Mr. Conway accepted this arrangement and
left his offer of $1.63 per share open until noon on June 13.

     
The third party offeror conducted due diligence at the company's
headquarters in Waltham and at the offices of counsel for the special committee
commencing on June 4.

     
On June 11, the special committee received a proposal from the offeror to
purchase all of the outstanding shares of Renaissance common stock in a tender
offer at $1.75 per share followed by a merger.
The proposal included a letter of
intent from a financing source indicating that it would consider establishing a
lending relationship with the offeror, subject to further satisfactory due
diligence.
The financing letter contemplated that a layer of junior capital of
up to $20 million would be required to complete the transaction but provided no
indication of who would provide such capital or when any commitment would be
obtained.
In addition, the offeror submitted a draft agreement which was
materially different from the draft agreement provided to the offeror by
Renaissance under which it would propose to complete the transaction.

     
The special committee met on June 12, 2001 to evaluate the proposal and to
compare it to Mr. Conway's offer.
Before the special committee met, Mr. Conway
advised the special committee orally that he was prepared to increase his offer
to $1.65 per share.
The special committee then proceeded to consider the
proposal from the third party offeror.
The members noted the absence of a
funding commitment to complete the transaction.
In addition, the requirement for
junior capital added an element of risk and uncertainty to the transaction that
was not present in Mr. Conway's offer.
The special committee further noted that
the financing commitment of the third party offeror would have to be for a
greater amount than Mr. Conway's financing commitment because the third party
offeror would need to acquire the shares held by Mr. Conway and his affiliates,
representing approximately 23% of the outstanding common stock.
Representatives
from the third party offeror requested an opportunity to meet with the special
committee.
The special committee invited them into the meeting by telephone
conference .
The representatives from the third party stated that they believed
they would be able to present a fully-financed offer if they were provided
additional time but were not specific about the amount of additional time that
would be required.
The special committee took note of their comments and thanked
them for their offer.

                                      
-14-

     After extensive discussion about the merits of each proposal, the special
committee concluded that Mr. Conway's offer, although at a somewhat lower price,
represented the transaction that was most likely to be able to be concluded and
therefore presented the best value to Renaissance stockholders.
The special
committee considered in particular that every other bidder that had completed
due diligence had failed to make an offer, and that buyers had been solicited by
investment bankers over a period that extended for more than a year.
The special
committee also recognized that the process of selling Renaissance, or its
businesses, continued to divert Renaissance's resources and could cause material
harm to Renaissance if protracted.
The absence of a financing commitment at the
agreed - upon deadline, without any indication of when one might be forthcoming,
presented a significant obstacle to the third-party proposal.
The special
committee also noted that the third party offeror would have to raise
significantly more financing than is required in connection with Mr. Conway's
offer, and expressed its uncertainty as to the feasibility of obtaining
financing of that magnitude in light of Renaissance's asset base and operating
history.
Moreover, Mr. Conway had informed the special committee that he was not
prepared to continue his offer through any further extensions.
After
deliberation, the special committee instructed Adams, Harkness & Hill to inform
the third party offeror that its proposal had not been accepted.

     
The special committee informed Mr. Conway that it was prepared to negotiate
definitive documentation on his proposal, based principally on the form of
merger agreement previously provided by Renaissance.  
On June 13, 2001 the
special committee and Mr. Conway agreed that the break up fee in connection with
this transaction would be $2,000,000.  
The special committee and Mr. Conway
further agreed that, until June 22, 2001, the special committee would not
solicit any other offers from third parties or participate in any discussions
with, or furnish any information to, any third parties with respect to any offer
or potential offer.  
The special committee also agreed that Renaissance would
increase its reimbursement of the expenses incurred by Mr. Conway until June 22,
2001 from $200,000 to a maximum of $250,000.  
At various dates and times between
June 13 and June 20, counsel for the special committee and counsel for Mr.
Conway met to negotiate the definitive agreements for the transaction.

     
On June 21, 2001, the special committee convened to consider the final
documentation.  
Counsel to the special committee again reviewed the special
committee's fiduciary duties and reviewed with them the terms of the transaction
and the merger agreement.
Adams, Harkness & Hill reviewed its valuation analyses
of Renaissance and its analysis of the fairness of the merger consideration,
from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of Renaissance not
affiliated with Registry Holding Company.  
Adams, Harkness & Hill rendered to
the special committee its opinion dated June 21, 2001 to the effect that, as of
such date and based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the
merger consideration was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Renaissance common stock unaffiliated with Registry Holding Company.

     
Thereafter, the special committee and the board of directors determined
that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable and fair to, and in the
best interests of, the holders of our common stock not affiliated with Mr.
Conway.
The special committee also voted that the merger agreement and the
merger should be submitted to stockholders at a special meeting and to recommend
that the stockholders approve these matters when put before them for
consideration.
The members of the special committee unanimously voted in favor
of such determinations and resolutions.
In addition, the company's Board of
Directors unanimously voted in favor of such determinations and resolutions.

Accordingly, the special committee instructed the unconflicted members of
management to execute on behalf of Renaissance definitive agreements with Mr.
Conway.
Definitive agreements were executed and the deal was publicly announced
on Thursday, June 21, 2001.


Renaissance's Purpose and Reasons for the Merger

     Both the special committee and the board of directors have concluded that
the merger agreement is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the
holders of Renaissance common stock not affiliated with Registry Holding Company
and recommend that Renaissance's stockholders approve the merger agreement and
the merger.

     
In the course of reaching their decisions to approve the merger agreement
and the merger, the special committee and the board of directors consulted with
Renaissance senior management, as well as Renaissance's outside legal counsel
and financial advisor, and considered a number of factors, both positive and
negative, including the following material factors:

                                      -15-

 .
the financial presentation of Adams, Harkness & Hill, including its opinion,
  delivered on June 21, 2001 and attached as Annex B, that the merger
  consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of common
  stock not affiliated with Registry Holding Company, and the special
  committee's and the board's adoption of the conclusion and analyses of Adams,
  Harkness & Hill contained in its fairness opinion;

 .
the decline in trading prices for Renaissance's common stock from $7.94 per
  share on January 3, 2000 and in trading prices for providers of business and
  information technology consulting services in general, which the special
  committee and the board considered as weighing in favor of the merger; that
  from January 3, 2000 until the day before public announcement of the
  transaction, the highest per share closing price of Renaissance's common stock
  was $8.06 and the lowest closing price was $0.40; and that Renaissance's
  common stock trading price has not closed at or above $1.65 since September
  21, 2000, and taking into account the market condition of Renaissance it did
  not appear likely that Renaissance's common stock would approach a higher
  level of trading prices in the foreseeable future.

 .
that Renaissance conducted an extensive auction process between April, 2000
  and January, 2001 with the assistance of SG Cowen, during which time:

     .    
Renaissance explored various possible transactions, including the sale
          of the entire company and the sale of ITCS, the operating company
          which contributed approximately 72% of Renaissance's revenue at the
          inception of the auction process;

     .    
SG Cowen approached 29 potential acquirors of Renaissance and 45
          potential acquirors of ITCS, including, in each instance, competitors
          of Renaissance and equity sponsors of leveraged buyout funds;

     .    
only two parties submitted indications of interest to acquire the
          entire company, and after completing their due diligence in August,
          2000, neither party made an offer.
SG Cowen contacted both parties
          again in December, 2000.
They each conducted further due diligence but
          neither party made an offer; and

     .    
only three parties submitted indications of interest to acquire ITCS,
          one of which was significantly below the threshold valuation and was
          therefore rejected.
The second party withdrew its indication of
          interest after conducting further diligence and the third party, who
          was one of the two parties that expressed an interest in acquiring the
          entire Company, also withdrew its indication of interst in purchasing
          ITCS.

 .
Mr. Conway's offer to purchase the entire company at a cash price of $1.65 per
  share was accompanied by a commitment from a bank to provide debt financing
  for the merger and was not conditioned on the completion of due diligence;

 .
that although another potential purchaser made an offer on June 11, 2001 to
  purchase the entire company at a cash price of $1.75 per share, this
  alternative offer was contingent upon obtaining a senior debt financing
  commitment and a layer of junior capital from unspecified parties, included a
  draft merger agreement with less favorable terms than the offer from Mr.
  Conway and was contingent upon satisfactory completion of additional due
  diligence;

 .
that Mr. Conway stated that he would withdraw his offer if the special
  committee failed to accept it by June 13, 2001.

 .
that Mr. Conway's offer, although at a somewhat lower price, represented a
  transaction that was more likely to be able to be concluded because of the
  debt commitment he had obtained.  
The special committee was concerned about
  the ability of the other offeror to obtain the necessary financing, especially
  because the other offeror would require a greater financing commitment than
  Mr. Conway on account of having to purchase Mr. Conway's shares and the higher
  share price, and would require a layer of junior capital from parties that had
  not yet been identified.  
The special committee was also mindful of the fact
  that no bidder that had commenced due diligence on the company during a period
  extending for more than a year ultimately made an offer;

 .
the fact that no other third party surfaced to date with an alternative
  transaction proposal, despite the previous efforts of SG Cowen and the more
  recent efforts of Adams, Harkness & Hill;

                                      -16-

 .
the previous auction process had consumed significant resources and was
  disruptive to employee relations and to the business as a whole, and the
  special committee believed that recommencing an auction process would place
  additional strain on Renaissance's business without any guarantee that a
  suitable acquiror would come forward;

 .
the significant costs of remaining a public company, including the legal,
  accounting and transfer agent fees and expenses and printing costs necessary
  to satisfy the reporting obligations of the Exchange Act were becoming
  increasingly draining on Renaissance's resources given the deterioration of
  its financial performance;

 .
the lack of equity research coverage for Renaissance's common stock and the
  difficulty of attracting new investment interest in Renaissance, and the
  resulting difficulty for stockholders of Renaissance to receive a fair price
  when selling their shares in the market;

 .
the economic and market conditions affecting Renaissance and the information
  technology consulting industry as a whole, including the decline in demand for
  information technology consulting services and the highly competitive nature
  of the market for such services;

 .
becoming a private company would allow Renaissance to focus on long-term
  strategic initiatives rather then the quarter-to-quarter results that Wall
  Street demands;

 .
that the sale of the entire company was preferable to the piecemeal sale of
  the company because a single sale involved less transactional and operating
  performance risk and may yield lower proceeds on an after tax basis;

 .
that, based on the per share closing price as of June 20, 2001, the day before
  the public announcement that the parties had signed a merger agreement, the
  consideration to be paid to the holders of common stock in the merger
  represented an approximate premium of 267% over the trading price of the
  shares, which the special committee and the board considered as weighing
  heavily in favor of the merger;

 .
the immediate availability of liquidity for the stockholders not affiliated
  with Registry Holding Company, particularly in light of the relatively low
  volume of trading in the common stock;

 .
that Renaissance received a notice from the Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq")
  dated April 27, 2001 notifying the company of its non compliance with the
  Nasdaq listing requirements due to the failure of the company's common stock
  to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days.  
The
  letter stated that Renaissance had until July 27, 2001 to regain compliance or
  the common stock would be delisted.  
Renaissance received a similar notice
  from Nasdaq on January 2, 2001 but regained compliance on January 30, 2001.
  
At the time the special committee made its decision to approve the merger
  agreement and the merger, there was no assurance that Renaissance would
  satisfy the listing requirements by July 27, 2001.  
Renaissance's stockholders
  approved a reverse stock split that provided the board of directors with the
  discretion to issue one share of common stock for not more than six, and less
  than four outstanding shares of common stock.  
Although the special committee
  and the board of directors believed the implementation of the reverse stock
  split would increase the probability, in the short term, that the common stock
  would trade above $1.00, there was no assurance this would occur or that the
  company would continue to meet other Nasdaq listing requirements.  
Renaissance
  regained compliance on July 10, 2001, but there is no assurance that it will
  continue to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00, especially if the merger is
  not completed;

 .
a delisting of Renaissance's common stock from Nasdaq would reduce the market
  liquidity of the common stock and the ability of investors to trade the common
  stock;

 .
Renaissance's total revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
  decreased by 23.5% from the previous year's levels.
Renaissance sustained an
  operating loss of approximately $33.9 million for the fiscal year ended
  December 31, 2000, excluding extraordinary gain from disposal of certain of
  Renaissance's business units.
Renaissance incurred a net loss of $12.5 million
  for the quarter ended March 31, 2001and its total revenues decreased 21% as
  compared to the previous year's comparable quarter;

                                      -17-

 .
Renaissance's billable headcount of consultants declined by approximately 30%
  between March 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001 and Renaissance continues to
  experience a decline in head count;

 .
that the terms of the merger agreement were reasonable insofar as they would
  not likely deter a third party from offering a proposal that is materially
  more favorable;

 .
that the merger agreement permits Renaissance to provide information and
  participate in negotiations with respect to unsolicited acquisition proposals
  if the board of directors determines, in consultation with its outside counsel
  and the special committee, that such action is necessary to act in a manner
  consistent with the fiduciary duties of the board of directors, which, as a
  whole, the special committee and the board considered as weighing in favor of
  the merger;

 .
that the merger agreement permits Renaissance to terminate the merger
  agreement to accept a superior acquisition proposal;

 .
that the merger requires the approval of holders of at least 75% of
  Renaissance common stock, which the special committee considered as weighing
  in favor of the merger because it meant that a deal with an affiliate of Mr.
  Conway could not be consummated without strong stockholder support;

 .
that holders of common stock may demand dissenters' rights under Sections 85
  through 98, inclusive, of Chapter 156B of the General Laws of Massachusetts,
  which the special committee and the board considered as weighing in favor of
  the merger; and

 .
that the consideration to be received by Renaissance's stockholders in the
  merger consists entirely of cash, which the special committee and the board of
  directors considered as weighing in favor of the merger;

  The special committee and the board also considered the following factors
adverse to the proposed merger, including:

 .
that many of the holders of common stock may lose significant portions of
  their investment, which the special committee and the board considered as
  weighing against the merger;

 .
that, following the merger, Renaissance stockholders will cease to participate
  in any future earnings growth of Renaissance or benefit from any increase in
  the value of the company, which the special committee and the board considered
  as weighing against the merger; and

 .
the risk that the merger is not completed, including because of the exercise
  of termination rights of Registry Holding Company under the merger agreement
  and failure to satisfy certain closing conditions, which the special committee
  and the board considered as weighing against the merger.

  
The special committee and the board were also aware of and considered the fact
that the interests of Registry Holding Company and Redwood Acquisition were
adverse to the interests of the public stockholders because the two groups are
on opposite sides of the proposed merger transaction, and that the interests of
Mr. Conway and his affiliates were different from the interests of the other
stockholders because Mr. Conway would continue to have an interest in
Renaissance's business through his ownership of a majority of the stock of
Registry Holding Company.
The special committee and the board of directors did
not consider these facts as weighing in favor of or against the merger.
See
"Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger.
"

  The foregoing discussion addresses the material information and factors
considered by the special committee and the board of directors in their
consideration of the merger, including factors that support the merger as well
as those that may weigh against it.
In view of the variety of factors considered
in reaching its determination, the special committee and the board of directors
did not find it practicable to, and did not quantify or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its
recommendations.
In addition, the individual members of the special committee
and the board of directors may have given different weight to different factors.

                                     
-18-

     Other than in their capacity as members of the special committee, board of
directors of Renaissance, no director or executive officer of Renaissance has
made a recommendation either in support of or opposed to the transaction.


Opinion of Financial Advisor

     Adams, Harkness & Hill provided a fairness opinion to the special committee
on June 21, 2001, that, as of the date of such fairness opinion, the
consideration of $1.65 per share in cash payable pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of
Renaissance not affiliated with Registry Holding Company.
The full text of the
fairness opinion which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the fairness opinion, is
attached hereto as Annex B and is incorporated herein by reference.
The fairness
opinion, referred to herein, does not constitute a recommendation as to how any
stockholder should vote with respect to the Merger.
Holders of shares of common
stock are urged to, and should, read the fairness opinion in its entirety.

     
The special committee retained Adams, Harkness & Hill to assist it in its
evaluation of the proposed merger.
The special committee selected Adams,
Harkness & Hill because of its familiarity with the information technology
services industry generally and with Renaissance in particular.
Pursuant to the
terms of Adams, Harkness & Hill's engagement letter with the special committee
dated April 25, 2001, Renaissance agreed to pay Adams, Harkness & Hill a
retainer fee of $50,000 and a fee of $300,000 upon the delivery by Adams,
Harkness & Hill of the fairness opinion (which fee was payable regardless of the
conclusions expressed therein).
In addition, as compensation for additional
services provided in connection with soliciting alternative offers, and to
secure Adams, Harkness & Hill's services for consultation and advice during the
period from the signing of the merger agreement and through the completion of
the merger, the special committee agreed to pay Adams, Harkness & Hill an
additional amount of $150,000, payable upon the completion of the merger.

Renaissance also agreed to reimburse Adams, Harkness & Hill for all reasonable
fees and disbursements of its counsel and all of its reasonable travel and other
out-of-pocket expenses arising in connection with its engagement, and to
indemnify Adams, Harkness & Hill and its affiliates to the full extent permitted
by law against liabilities relating to or arising out of its engagement, except
for liabilities found to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross
negligence of Adams, Harkness & Hill.

     
Pursuant to the terms of the Adams, Harkness & Hill Engagement Letter,
Adams, Harkness & Hill was retained by the special committee to advise the
special committee and the board of directors and render an opinion as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of Renaissance not
affiliated with Registry Holding Company, of the consideration to be received by
such stockholders in connection with the merger.
Adams, Harkness & Hill is a
nationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, private placements and valuations for
corporate and other purposes.

     
At the meeting of the special committee on June 21, 2001, Adams, Harkness &
Hill rendered its fairness opinion, in writing, that, as of that date, based
upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in the fairness
opinion, the consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement is fair,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of Renaissance common stock not
affiliated with Registry Holding Company.

     
The full text of the fairness opinion dated June 21, 2001, which sets
forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Adams,
Harkness & Hill in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Stockholders are urged to,
and should, read the opinion carefully and in its entirety.
The fairness opinion
is directed to the special committee and addresses only the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by the stockholders
of Renaissance not affiliated with Registry Holding Company pursuant to the
merger agreement as of June 21, 2001, and does not address any other aspect of
the merger or constitute a recommendation to any holder of common stock as to
how to vote at the special meeting.
The description of the fairness opinion set
forth in this proxy statement is only a summary and stockholders should refer to
the full text of the fairness opinion.

     
The following is a summary of the various sources of information and
valuation methodologies used by Adams, Harkness & Hill in arriving at its
fairness opinion.
To assess the fairness of the transaction, Adams, Harkness &
Hill employed analyses based on the following:

                                      -19-

  .  
public company peers' financial performance and relative valuations;

  .  
relative valuation and transaction premiums associated with selected
     precedent transactions;

  .  
absolute and relative stock price performance;

  .  
discounted cash flow analysis; and

  .  
"break-up" analysis

     In conducting its investigation and analysis and in arriving at its
Opinion, Adams, Harkness & Hill reviewed the information and took into account
the investment, financial and economic factors it deemed relevant and material
under the circumstances.
The material actions undertaken by Adams, Harkness &
Hill in its capacity as financial advisor to the special committee were as
follows:

  .  
reviewed publicly-available information, including but not limited to
     Renaissance's recent filings with the SEC;

  .  reviewed internal financial information prepared by Renaissance's
     management concerning the current status of the business and its historical
     financial performance, including interim financial performance data not yet
     disclosed to the public;

  .  reviewed internal financial information prepared by Renaissance's
     management concerning the projected performance of Renaissance assuming the
     merger is not completed (i.e., assuming the current public ownership and
     capital structure);

  .  
held discussions with members of Renaissance's senior management concerning
     Renaissance's historical and current financial condition and operating
     results, as well as its future prospects (as reflected by the management
     projections);

  .  
held discussions with Mr. Conway, concerning the merger and his intentions
     and objectives regarding both Renaissance's future and the equity ownership
     position in Renaissance controlled by Mr. Conway;

  .  
held discussions with the special committee concerning the evaluation by
     the board of directors of various means of enhancing stockholder value,
     including the unsuccessful attempt to sell Renaissance, in whole or in
     part, to a strategic or financial acquiror over the prior twelve month
     period;

  .  
compared the historical market prices and trading activity of Renaissance's
     common stock with those of other publicly traded companies that Adams,
     Harkness & Hill deemed relevant;

  .  compared the financial position and operating results of Renaissance with
     those of other publicly traded companies that Adams, Harkness & Hill deemed
     relevant;

  .  compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the terms of other
     change of control transactions that Adams, Harkness & Hill deemed relevant,
     including certain transactions involving management stockholders;

  .  
reviewed the terms of the debt financing proposal for the merger made to
     the MBO Group by J.P. Morgan/Chase;

  .  
reviewed the merger agreement in its draft form, dated as of June 20, 2001;

  .  
reviewed relevant industry market research studies, investment research
     reports for Renaissance's competitors, and key economic and market
     indicators, including interest rates and general stock market performance;

  .  
spoke to four parties who had provided written expressions of interest in
     acquiring the entire company or ITCS during the earlier sale process, each
     of whom contacted Adams, Harkness & Hill after being contacted by
     Renaissance's chief financial officer; and

                                      -20-

  .  
contacted, at the direction of the special committee, two strategic
     acquirers identified by Adams, Harkness & Hill to solicit and qualify their
     interest in a negotiated acquisition of Renaissance as a whole or in part.
     
See "Limited Solicitation of Potential Acquirers.
"

     Other than as set forth above, Adams, Harkness & Hill did not review any
additional information in preparing its fairness opinion that, independently,
was material to its analysis.  
The special committee did not place any
limitation, other than to limit the scope of the solicitation of potential
acquirers to the entities approved by the special committee, upon Adams,
Harkness & Hill with respect to the procedures followed or factors considered by
Adams, Harkness & Hill in rendering its fairness opinion.  
In rendering its
fairness opinion, Adams, Harkness & Hill assumed and relied upon the accuracy
and completeness of all of the financial and other information that was publicly
available or provided to Adams, Harkness & Hill by, or on behalf of,
Renaissance, and did not independently verify such information.  
Adams, Harkness
& Hill assumed, with the special committee's consent, that:

  .  
all material assets and liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or
     unknown) of Renaissance are as set forth in its financial statements;

  .  
obtaining any regulatory and other approvals and third party consents
     required for consummation of the merger would not have a material effect on
     the anticipated benefits of the merger; and

  .  
the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in
     the merger agreement.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill also assumed, with the special committee's consent,
that the management projections were reasonably prepared and based upon the best
available estimates and good faith judgments of Renaissance's management as to
the future performance of Renaissance.

     
In conducting its review, Adams, Harkness & Hill did not obtain an
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of Renaissance.
Adams, Harkness & Hill's fairness
opinion did not predict or take into account any possible economic, monetary or
other changes which may occur, or information which may come available, after
the date of its written fairness opinion.

     
Public Company Peer Analysis

     Renaissance is a provider of business and technology consulting services to
organizations in a broad range of industries.
Renaissance is categorized into
two primary business segments, ITCS and GovConnect.
ITCS provides services
designed to assist clients in the design, implementation and / or support of
information technology applications.
GovConnect provides solutions to the public
sector, primarily in the areas of strategy, systems integration and electronic
solutions.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill established a group of 16 publicly traded companies
in the technology services industry that it deemed comparable to Renaissance
based on their similar information technology consulting strategy, the markets
served, and their financial performance (collectively, the "Peer Group
Companies").

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill compared certain financial measures and metrics of
Renaissance with those of the Peer Group Companies.  
Such information included:

  .  
Market Capitalization;

  .  
Last Twelve Months  Revenue;

  .  
Enterprise Value;

  .  
Ratio of Enterprise Value to Last Twelve Months Revenue;

  .  
Sequential Quarterly Growth Rate;

  .  
Year over Year Quarterly Growth Rate;

                                      -21-

  .  
Gross Margin; and

  .  
Operating Margin.

     
All financial measures and metrics involving Peer Group Companies' common
stock prices per share are as of the close of trading on June 19, 2001.
The Peer
Group Companies consist of the following public companies (in alphabetical
order):

                                                                       Last Twelve
                 Company                         Market                  Months         Enterprise      Gross     Operating
                 -------                    Capitalization (a)         Revenue (b)       Value (a)    Margin (b)  Margin (b)
                                            ------------------         -----------       ---------    ----------  
----------
                                               (in millions)          (in millions)    (in millions)

Alternative Resources Corporation                 $    8.2               $   249.0         $   46.8      30.36%        1.98%
American Management Systems                       $  989.5               $ 1,291.2         $1,033.6      46.60%        8.60%
Analysts International Corporation                $  110.5               $   571.1         $  141.6      18.42%        1.13%
Computer Horizons Corporation                     $   93.6               $   437.7         $   96.8      30.84%       -3.44%
Computer Task Group, Inc.                         $   82.9               $   332.4         $  105.5      29.61%        0.72%
Cotelligent Group                                 $   13.8               $    82.3           ($10.1)     31.77%      -25.28%
Covansys                                          $  316.9               $   422.4         $  196.7      25.60%       -8.90%
Hall, Kinion & Associates, Inc.                   $   96.7               $   295.8         $   64.3      50.24%        4.30%
Kelly Services, Inc.                              $  897.0               $ 4,494.0         $  887.2      17.48%        2.83%
Manpower, Inc.                                    $2,357.8               $12,483.5         $2,695.1      15.90%        2.50%
Metro Information Services, Inc.                  $   68.1               $   292.4         $  148.2      29.43%        8.13%
Modis Professional Services, Inc.                 $  609.5               $ 1,814.7         $  542.1      29.04%        7.16%
Perot Systems Corporation                         $1,658.2               $ 1,126.0         $1,432.6      22.20%        2.10%
Spherion Corporation                              $  534.1               $ 3,740.8         $1,087.4      33.46%        4.90%
Technisource, Inc.                                $   16.0               $   152.5         $   14.2      26.19%        2.32%
Volt Information Sciences, Inc.                   $  252.8               $ 2,227.0         $  406.4       8.47%        3.88%

Mean                                              $  506.6               $ 1,875.8         $  555.5      27.85%        0.81%

Renaissance Worldwide, Inc.                       $   24.2               $   412.8           ($17.6)     24.70%       -6.00%

(a) Market Capitalization and Enterprise Value derived from share prices as of
    the close of trading on June 19, 2001 and fully diluted shares outstanding
    and debt figures taken from each companies most recently filed quarterly or
    annual report.


(b) Last Twelve Months Revenue, Gross Margin and Operating Margin data obtained
    from each Peer Group Company's most recent Form 10-Q or 10-K filed prior to
    June 19, 2001.

     
Based on its expertise in valuation of publicly-traded companies and, in
particular, its research into the performance variables considered by investors
when assessing relative value among the Peer Group Companies, Adams, Harkness &
Hill concluded that publicly-traded companies in the information technology
consulting segment of the technology services industry are valued primarily on
the bases of historical and projected revenue growth, profitability, and overall
size, all of which are reflected in the individual company's ratio of Enterprise
Value to Last Twelve Months Revenue.
Adams, Harkness & Hill employed an
Enterprise Value-based valuation in this analysis because this methodology
implies a total cost of acquisition taking into account a company's cash and
debt position.
To determine Enterprise Value, Market Capitalization is
calculated as the product of a company's common stock price per share (Adams,
Harkness & Hill used the closing price on June 19, 2001, one day before the
receipt of the draft of the merger agreement, for all public company comparative
analyses) multiplied by the number of diluted shares outstanding.
The Market
Capitalization is then adjusted for a company's debt and cash positions by
adding the debt balance and subtracting the cash balance to arrive at an
Enterprise Value.

     
The following equation illustrates the manner in which Enterprise Value has
been calculated:

Enterprise Value = ((market value of equity) + (debt)) - (cash, cash equivalents
                          and short-term investments)

     
In order of descending ratios of Enterprise Value to Last Twelve Months
Revenue, the Peer Group Companies ranked as follows:

                                                         Ratio of Enterprise Value to Last
                            Company                        Twelve Months Revenue (a), (b)
                            -------                        ------------------------------

Perot Systems Corporation                                               1.3x
American Management Systems                                             0.8x
Covansys                                                                0.5x

                                      -22-

Metro Information Services, Inc.                                        0.5x
Computer Task Group, Inc.                                               0.3x
Modis Professional Services, Inc.                                       0.3x
Spherion Corporation                                                    0.3x
Alternative Resources Corporation                                       0.2x
Analysts International Corporation                                      0.2x
Computer Horizons Corporation                                           0.2x
Hall, Kinion & Associates                                               0.2x
Kelly Services, Inc.                                                    0.2x
Manpower, Inc.                                                          0.2x
Volt Information Sciences, Inc.                                         0.2x
Technisource, Inc.                                                      0.1x
Cotelligent Group                                                      (0.1x)

Mean                                                                    
0.3x

Renaissance Worldwide, Inc.                                           (0.04x)

(a)  Enterprise Value derived from share prices as of close of trading on June
     19, 2001 and fully diluted shares outstanding and debt figures taken from
     each companies most recently filed quarterly report.


(B)  
Last Twelve Months Revenue data obtained from each respective Peer Group
     Company's most recent SEC filings.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill noted Renaissance's ratio of Enterprise Value to
Last Twelve Months Revenue multiple was near the bottom of the Peer Group.

     
In alphabetical order, the Sequential Quarterly Growth Rate and the Year
over Year Quarterly Growth Rate of the Peer Group, are as follows:

                                                           Sequential                 Year over Year
                                                            Quarterly                    Quarterly
                     Company                           Growth Rate (a, b)           Growth Rate (a, c)
                     -------                           ------------------           
------------------

Alternative Resources Corporation                            -5.40%                        -18.00%
American Management Systems                                  -1.00%                          3.80%
Analysts International Corporation                            3.30%                          9.00%
Computer Horizons Corporation                                -2.30%                         -6.80%
Computer Task Group, Inc.                                    -1.11%                        -13.80%
Cotelligent Group                                           -20.24%                        -41.30%
Covansys                                                     -2.00%                          3.00%
Hall, Kinion & Associates, Inc.                             
-22.10%                         -1.10%
Kelly Services, Inc.                                         -5.00%                          0.70%
Manpower, Inc.                                               
-3.00%                          3.30%
Metro Information Services, Inc.                              1.20%                         -2.00%
Modis Professional Services, Inc.                            -1.10%                         -2.80%
Perot Systems Corporation                                     2.78%                          7.30%
Spherion Corporation                                         -4.91%                        -10.81%
Technisource, Inc.                                           -4.65%                         30.10%
Volt Information Sciences, Inc.                               1.87%                         -0.06%

Mean                                                         -3.98%                         -2.47%

Renaissance Worldwide, Inc.                                  -0.10%                        -20.70%

(a)  Calculated using information obtained from each Peer Group Company's SEC
     filings.


(b)  Sequential Quarterly Growth Rate reflects the increase / decrease in net
     revenue for the most recently reported three-month period compared to the
     three-month period preceding it.


(c)  
Year over Year Quarterly Growth Rate reflects the increase / decrease in
     net revenue for the most recently reported three-month period compared to
     the same period from a year earlier.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill noted Renaissance's Sequential Quarterly Growth Rate
was slightly above the mean of the Peer Group and Renaissance's Year over Year
Quarterly Growth Rate was near the bottom of the Peer Group.

     
Precedent Transaction Analysis

     Adams, Harkness & Hill assessed the transaction premiums and relative
valuations associated with selected precedent publicly disclosed acquisitions it
deemed relevant.
Adams, Harkness & Hill reviewed 12 precedent

                                      -23-

transactions related specifically to information technology services companies
and also reviewed 12 precedent transactions related specifically to management
buyouts involving total transaction values of less than $100 million.
Each of
the 24 precedent transactions were announced after January 1, 2000, and all 24
transactions involved the acquisition of the equity shares of publicly-traded
companies for which share price data was available.

     
Premiums paid in precedent public company change of control transactions
typically imply the range of consideration acquirers are willing to pay above a
seller's stock price prior to or at the time of the announcement of the relevant
transaction.  
In order of descending premium paid based on the seller's stock
price at the time of announcement, the selected transactions used in Adams,
Harkness & Hill's analysis were:

Precedent Transaction Analysis - Information Technology Services Acquisitions
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            Announcement      Transaction      Premium at     10 Day     30 Day
        Target                             Acquiror             Date             Value        Announcement    Premium    Premium
        ------                             --------             
----             
-----        ------------    -------    
-------
                                                                              (in millions)

Metamor Worldwide                   PSINet                     03/22/00        $ 1,900.0           148%         125%       121%
IMRglobal Corp.                     CGI Group, Inc.            02/21/01        $   438.0            62%          56%        96%
Network Solutions, Inc.             Verisign, Inc.             03/07/00        $21,101.4            62%         121%       126%
Command Systems, Inc.               ICICI Infotech Inc.        01/26/01        $    20.0            61%         150%       138%
Aris Corporation                    CIBER, Inc.                06/14/01        $    31.4            48%          48%        51%
Mynd                                Computer Sciences          06/20/00        $   644.0            46%          55%        56%
AppNet Systems, Inc.                Commerce One, Inc.         06/20/00        $ 1,282.0            37%          85%       116%
Cambridge Technology Partners       Novell                     03/12/01        $   266.0            36%          27%         7%
Proxicom, Inc.                      
Dimension Data             05/11/01        $   448.0            33%         160%        94%
Mainspring Communications           IBM                        04/19/01        $    80.0            33%         101%        49%
C-bridge                            EXceleon Corp.             05/22/01        $    60.0            20%          32%        44%
SPR Inc.                            Leapnet, Inc.              01/28/00        $    48.5             9%           7%         5%

  (a)  All Transaction Value statistics are from Thomson Financial database, or
       each Peer Group Company's most recent SEC filings prior to the respective
       acquisition.

  
(b)  All premia information is from Thomson Financial Database or calculated
       through trading statistics and deal value on a price per share basis.

     
In order of descending premium paid based on the target's stock price one
trading day prior to announcement, the selected transactions used in Adams,
Harkness & Hill's analysis were:

Precedent Transaction Analysis - Management Buyouts
- ---------------------------------------------------

                                                       Announcement    Transaction        One Day        One Week     Four Week
                 Target                                    Date           Value           Premium        Premium       Premium
                 ------                                    
----           -----           -------        -------       
-------
                                                                      (in millions)

Centennial Healthcare Corp.                             02/25/00          $65.6             87%             85%          83%
Solomon-Page Group Ltd.                                 03/31/00          $29.3             83%             83%          75%
BI Inc.                                                 08/11/00          $67.4             78%            106%          65%
Gehl Co.                                                
12/22/00          $96.7             67%             48%          56%
NextHealth Inc.                                         01/24/01          $80.1             46%             48%          86%
Black Hawk Gaming & Development Corp.                   04/13/01          $47.7             35%             41%          31%
Acme Electric Corp.                                     04/26/00          $50.8             33%             33%          36%
General Bearing Corp.                                   07/14/00          $25.5             28%             30%          33%
NPC International Inc.                                  12/14/00          $93.6             11%              7%          32%
KLLM Transport Services Inc.                            
04/20/00          $33.8              5%             10%          18%
Impac Commercial Holdings Inc.                          10/13/00          $60.4              2%             18%          20%
Pulaski Furniture Corp.                                 03/31/00          $65.3              0%             31%          55%

(a)  
All Transaction Value statistics are from Thomson Financial database, or
     each Peer Group Company's most recent SEC filings prior to the respective
     acquisition.


(b)  All premia information is from Thomson Financial Database or calculated
     through trading statistics and deal value on a price per share basis.

     
Based upon Adams, Harkness & Hill's analysis of premiums paid in selected
precedent transactions involving information technology services companies, the
average premiums paid to sellers' share prices along with the implied premium
offered by the merger consideration to Renaissance's share price for the 30 days
and 10 days prior to announcement and the day of announcement are listed below:

                                                         
Premium at          10 Day     30 Day
                                                        Announcement        Premium     Premium
                                                        ------------        -------     -------

                         Mean                                 50%              81%         75%
                         Renaissance Offer                   275%             224%        175%

                                      -24-

(a)  
All premia information is from Thomson Financial Database or calculated
     through trading statistics and deal value on a price per share basis.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill noted the premium data implied by the draft of the
merger agreement compared very favorably with the data implied by the
information technology services precedent transactions.

     
Based upon Adams, Harkness & Hill's analysis of premiums paid in selected
precedent transactions involving management buyouts, the average premiums paid
to the target's share prices along with the implied premium offered by the
merger consideration to Renaissance's share price for the month, week, and day
prior are listed below:

                                                      One Day              One Week         Four Week
                                                      Premium              Premium           Premium
                                                      -------              -------           -------

                          Mean                           40%                  45%               49%
                          Renaissance Offer             267%                 237%              313%

(a) All premia information is from Thomson Financial Database or calculated
    through trading statistics and deal value on a price per share basis.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill noted the premium data implied by the draft of the
merger agreement compared very favorably with the data implied by the management
buyout precedent transactions.

     
Stock Price Performance Analysis

     Adams, Harkness & Hill examined the following common stock closing price
data for Renaissance:

 .  price performance from January 1, 2000 through June 19, 2001, compared to
    the performance of the Nasdaq Composite;

 .  
price performance from January 1, 2000 through June 19, 2001, compared to an
    index of the Peer Group Companies; and

 .  
price premium of the consideration of $1.65 per share, compared to: one day
    prior, one week prior and one month prior to the announcement by the MBO
    Group's offer to purchase all publicly held common stock announced on June
    21, 2001.

     
Based on the above analyses, Adams, Harkness & Hill observed that, from
January 1, 2000 through June 19, 2001, Renaissance's per share price had
decreased 94%.  
During the same time period, the Nasdaq composite decreased 52%.

Adams, Harkness & Hill also observed that the value of the Peer Group Companies
similar to the ITCS business unit decreased by 44% during the same time period
and that the value of the Peer Group Companies similar to the GovConnect
business unit decreased by 36% during the same time period.

     
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

     Adams, Harkness & Hill performed a discounted cash flow analysis to
estimate the present value of the stand-alone unlevered (i.e., before interest
expense) after-tax cash flows of Renaissance.
To perform this analysis, Adams,
Harkness & Hill used the following data sources and made the following
assumptions:

 .  
management financial projections, for the year ended December 31, 2001
    through the year ended December 31, 2003.

 .  
Adams, Harkness & Hill utilized the growth rate assumptions for the year
    ended December 31, 2003 and applied the growth rate percentages to calculate
    projections for the year ended December 31, 2004 and the year ended December
    31, 2005.

 .  
Renaissance's unlevered after-tax cash flows were calculated as the after-
    tax operating earnings of Renaissance adjusted for the addition of non-cash
    expenses and the deduction of uses of cash not reflected in the income
    statement.

 .  
Adams, Harkness & Hill calculated a weighted-average cost of capital ranging
    from 12.0% to 14.0%.

                                      
-25-

 .  
terminal value based on Renaissance's earnings before interest, taxes,
    depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the year ended December 31,
    2005 multiplied by EBITDA multiples ranging from 3.0 to 5.0.
The EBITDA
    multiple range was calculated by applying a discount to the mean EBITDA
    multiple of recently completed information technology services acquisitions,
    considering Renaissance's deteriorating performance, with respect to the
    financial metrics compared by Adams, Harkness & Hill, relative to the peer
    group.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill combined (i) the calculated present value of
Renaissance's unlevered cash flows for the five years ending December 31, 2005,
with (ii) Renaissance's EBITDA terminal value, to arrive at a range of values
based on the above assumptions.  
These values were then adjusted by adding
Renaissance's current cash balance and subtracting its current funded debt
balance to arrive at implied equity values.
Adams, Harkness & Hill divided the
computed equity values by the number of shares of common stock outstanding and
arrived at a range of implied per share values of $0.83 to $1.42, with a median
implied value of $1.12.

     
"Break-up" Analysis

     Adams, Harkness & Hill performed a "break-up" analysis to estimate the
stand-alone enterprise value of ITCS and the stand-alone enterprise value of
GovConnect.
To perform this analysis, Adams, Harkness & Hill used the following
assumptions:

 .  
Adams, Harkness & Hill established a group of publicly traded companies that
    it deemed comparable to GovConnect based on their similar information
    technology consulting strategy, the public markets served, and their
    financial performance.
Adams, Harkness & Hill identified and evaluated
    eight public companies as members of this group.

                                                            
Ratio of Enterprise Value to Last
                            Company                           Twelve Months Revenue (a), (b)
                            -------                           -----------------------------

     Maximus                                                               1.5x
     Perot Systems Corporation                                             1.3x
     Tier Technologies                                                     1.0x
     National Information Consortium                                       0.9x
     American Management Systems                                           0.8x
     CACI International                                                    0.8x
     Systems & Computer Technology Corporation                             0.6x
     Covansys                                                              0.5x

     Mean                                                                  0.9x

(a)  
Enterprise Value derived from share prices as of close of trading on June
     19, 2001 and fully diluted shares outstanding and debt figures taken from
     each companies most recently filed quarterly report.


(b)  Last Twelve Months Revenue data obtained from each Peer Group Company's
     most recent SEC filings prior to June 19, 2001.

  .  
Adams, Harkness & Hill utilized the mean ratio of Enterprise Value to Last
     Twelve Months Revenue multiple of this peer group and applied it to
     GovConnect's Last Twelve Months Revenue to calculate a range of stand-alone
     enterprise values for GovConnect.
Adams, Harkness & Hill then divided the
     computed stand-alone enterprise value ranges by the number of shares of
     common stock outstanding and arrived at a range of implied per share values
     for GovConnect.

  .  
Adams, Harkness & Hill established a group of publicly traded companies
     that it deemed comparable to ITCS based on their similar information
     technology consulting strategy, the public and private markets served, and
     their financial performance.
Adams, Harkness & Hill identified and
     evaluated the following 13 public companies in this group.

                                                            
Ratio of Enterprise Value to Last
                            Company                           Twelve Months Revenue (a), (b)
                            -------                           -----------------------------

     Metro Information Services, Inc.                                      0.5x
     Computer Task Group, Inc.                                             0.3x
     Modis Professional Services, Inc.                                     0.3x
     Spherion Corporation                                                  0.3x
     Alternative Resources Corporation                                     0.2x
     Analysts International Corporation                                    0.2x
     Computer Horizons Corporation                                         0.2x

                                      -26-

     Hall, Kinion & Associates                                             0.2x
     Kelly Services, Inc.                                                  0.2x
     Manpower, Inc.                                                        0.2x
     Volt Information Sciences, Inc.                                       0.2x
     Technisource, Inc.                                                    0.1x
     Cotelligent Group                                                    (0.1x)

     Mean                                                                  0.2

(a) Enterprise Value derived from share prices as of close of trading on June
    19, 2001 and fully diluted shares outstanding and debt figures taken from
    each companies most recently filed quarterly report.

(b) Last Twelve Months Revenue data obtained from each Peer Group Company's
    most recent SEC filings prior to June 19, 2001.

 .  
Adams, Harkness & Hill applied a discount to the mean ratio of Enterprise
    Value to Last Twelve Months Revenue multiple of the ITCS peer group based on
    Renaissance's poor operating performance, with respect to the financial
    metrics compared by Adams, Harkness & Hill, relative to the peer group.
The
    discounted ratio of Enterprise Value to Last Twelve Months Revenue multiple
    of the ITCS peer group was then applied to the business unit's Last Twelve
    Months revenue to calculate a range of stand-alone enterprise values for
    ITCS.
Adams, Harkness & Hill then divided the computed stand-alone
    enterprise value ranges by the number of shares of common stock outstanding
    and arrived at a range of implied per share values for ITCS.

     
Adams, Harkness & Hill combined (i) the implied per share range for
GovConnect (ii) the implied per share range for ITCS and (iii) the $42 million
of cash on Renaissance's balance sheet as of March 31, 2001.
Based on this
methodology, Adams, Harkness & Hill arrived at a range of implied per share
values of $1.47 to $1.95, with a median implied value of $1.71.
In calculating
this range, Adams, Harkness & Hill did not take into account the economic costs
not reflected on ITCS's balance sheet that would be triggered upon a disposition
of ITCS, including change of control payments under operating leases and
employee severance obligations.

     
Limited Solicitation of Potential Acquirors

     Adams, Harkness & Hill spoke to the four parties who had provided written
expressions of interest in acquiring the entire company or ITCS during the
earlier sale process.
The special committee had previously directed
Renaissance's chief financial officer to contact those parties to inquire
whether they were interested in renewing their interest in pursuing a
transaction in the context of current market prices.
The chief financial officer
instructed them to contact Adams, Harkness & Hill.
Each of the four entities
expressed a preliminary indication that it would be interested in considering a
transaction.
However, because of the discussions described below that took place
with two other potential purchasers, and because all of these four parties had
previously passed on the opportunity to acquire Renaissance or ITCS, the special
committee directed Adams Harkness & Hill to keep communications open but not to
pursue these four parties aggressively.
None of the four parties aggressively
followed up on their initial contact with Adams Harkness & Hill.
In addition,
Adams, Harkness & Hill, at the direction of the special committee, contacted two
potential strategic acquirors that it identified to qualify their interest in a
negotiated acquisition of Renaissance.
Initial contact with these two potential
acquirors was made without specifically revealing the identity of Renaissance
until a non-disclosure agreement was signed.
Upon receipt by Adams, Harkness &
Hill of an executed non-disclosure agreement, a packet of publicly disclosed
materials was provided to each potential acquiror.
Adams, Harkness & Hill
engaged in additional discussions with each of the parties to ascertain their
prospective interest in acquiring Renaissance and provided additional materials.

Each potential acquiror submitted an indication of interest, in one instance for
the entire company, in the other, for ITCS only.
Adams, Harkness & Hill noted
that neither potential acquiror provided a full funding commitment.
Accordingly,
these alternatives were deemed not feasible.

     
Summary of Valuation Analysis

     The foregoing summary does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses performed by Adams, Harkness & Hill.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process.
Adams, Harkness & Hill believes that its analyses
must be considered as a whole, and that selecting portions of such analysis
without considering all analyses and factors would create an incomplete view of
the processes underlying its fairness opinion.
Adams, Harkness & Hill did not
attempt to assign specific weights to particular analyses.
Any estimates
contained in Adams, Harkness & Hill's analyses are not necessarily indicative of
actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than as set
forth therein.
Estimates of values of companies do not purport to be appraisals
or necessarily to

                                      -27-

reflect the prices at which companies may actually be sold.
Such estimates are
inherently subject to uncertainty.
Adams, Harkness & Hill advised the special
committee and the board of directors that the valuation analyses conducted by it
in rendering its fairness opinion (specifically, the Peer Group analysis, the
precedent transactions analysis, the historical stock price performance
analysis, the discounted cash flow analysis and the "break-up" analysis)
constituted a "going concern" analysis of Renaissance.
Taken together, the
information and analyses employed by Adams, Harkness & Hill lead to Adams,
Harkness & Hill's overall opinion that the consideration to be received by
stockholders at Renaissance not affiliated with Registry Holding Company is
fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.


Certain Financial Projections Prepared by Renaissance's Management

     During the course of discussions among Renaissance, Mr. Conway and other
potential acquirors, Renaissance provided certain non-public business and
financial information about the company prepared by its management.  
Mr. Conway
shared this non-public business and financial information with J.P.
Morgan/Chase.  
This information included the following summary of projections
for the company for the years ended December 29, 2001, December 28, 2002 and
December 27, 2003:

                                                                                         
Year Ending
                                                                         December 29,   December 28,     December 27,
                                                                            2001           2002             2003
                                                                                      (In thousands)

Selected Statement of Operations Data:
Revenue                                                                  $334,086        $347,800         $382,500
Operating income (loss)                                                   (22,192)            100            4,500
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization             (3,484)(a)       6,903           11,523

Selected Balance Sheet Data:
Cash                                                                     $ 41,110        $ 38,555         $ 39,459
Accounts receivable                                                        75,450          81,357           89,075

(a) excludes a non-recurring charge of $10.7 million recorded in the quarter
ended March 31, 2001.
This charge is included in the operating loss for the year
ended December 29, 2001.

     
Renaissance does not as a matter of course make public any projections as
to future performance or earnings, and the projections set forth above are
included in this proxy statement only because this information was provided
confidentially to certain potential acquirors, including the MBO Group, and was
provided confidentially by Mr. Conway to the MBO Group's financing source.
The
projections were not prepared with a view to public disclosure or compliance
with the published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding projections or
forecasts.
The prospective financial information included in this proxy
statement has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, the Company's
management.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has neither examined nor compiled the
above prospective financial information and, accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect
thereto.
The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP report incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement relates to the Company's historical financial information.

It does not extend to the prospective financial information and should not be
read to do so.
Renaissance has advised the recipients of such projections that
its internal financial forecasts (upon which the projections provided were based
in part) are, in general, prepared solely for internal use and capital budgeting
and other management decisions and are subjective in many respects and thus
susceptible to interpretations and periodic revision based on actual experience
and business developments.
The projections also reflect numerous assumptions
made by management of Renaissance, including assumptions with respect to the
market for Renaissance's products and services, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, all of which are difficult to
predict, many of which are beyond Renaissance's control, and none of which was
subject to approval by any recipient thereof.
Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that the assumptions made in preparing the projections will prove
accurate.
It is expected that there will be differences between actual and
projected results, and actual results may be materially greater or less than
those contained in the projections.
The inclusion of the projections herein
should not be regarded as an indication that any of Renaissance, the MBO Group,
J.P. Morgan/Chase and the other lenders that are part of the bank group, or
their respective affiliates or representatives considered or consider the
projections to be a reliable prediction of future events, and the projections
should not be relied upon as such.
None of Renaissance, the MBO Group, J.P.
Morgan/Chase and the other lenders that are part of the bank group or any of
their respective affiliates or representatives has made or makes any
representation to any person regarding the ultimate performance of

                                      -28-

Renaissance compared to the information contained in the projections, and none
of them intends to update or otherwise revise the projections to reflect
circumstances existing after the date when made or to reflect the occurrence of
future events even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying
the projections are shown to be in error.


The MBO Group's Purpose and Reasons for the Merger

     The MBO Group holds in the aggregate approximately 12,000,000 shares of
Renaissance, representing approximately 23% of the total number of issued and
outstanding shares of Renaissance.  
The MBO Group has informed us that its
purpose for the merger is to acquire all of the shares of Renaissance that the
MBO Group does not already own and to continue the business and operations of
Renaissance as a private company.  
In determining to enter into the merger, the
MBO Group has informed us that it considered the following factors:

 .
the results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects of
   Renaissance.
Renaissance's total revenue for the fiscal year ended December
   31, 2000 decreased by 23.5% from the previous year's levels.
Renaissance
   sustained an operating loss of approximately $33.9 million for the fiscal
   year ended December 31, 2000, excluding extraordinary gain from disposal of
   certain of Renaissance's business units.
Renaissance incurred a net loss of
   $12.5 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 and its total revenues
   decreased 21% as compared to the previous year's comparable quarter;

 .
management's forecasts for revenues and earnings described in "Certain
   Financial Projections Prepared by Renaissance's Management" beginning on page
   28;

 .
the economic and market conditions affecting Renaissance, its customers and
   the information technology consulting industry as a whole;

 .
the lack of equity research coverage for Renaissance's common stock and the
   difficulty of attracting new investment interest in Renaissance, and the
   resulting difficulty for stockholders of Renaissance, including the MBO
   Group, to receive a fair price when selling their shares in the market;

 .
the possible delisting of Renaissance's shares from Nasdaq, and the resultant
   lack of liquidity in the event of a delisting;

 .
the significant and steady decline in trading prices for Renaissance's common
   stock since the first quarter of 1998, ultimately resulting in Renaissance's
   receipt of notices of non-compliance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq
   in January, 2001and in April, 2001; the decline in trading prices and trading
   volume, together with the possibility of delisting of Renaissance's shares
   from Nasdaq, has resulted in an increasing lack of liquidity for the holders
   of Renaissance common stock, which reduces the prospects of obtaining value
   for the Renaissance MBO Group's equity investment in Renaissance through a
   sale of stock;

 .
the lack of viable third-party interest in acquiring or exploring other
   strategic transactions with Renaissance despite the process conducted
   previously by SG Cowen, and more recently by Adams, Harkness & Hill and the
   lack of possible strategic alternatives to the merger agreement, which
   reduced the prospects of obtaining value for the stockholders of Renaissance,
   including the MBO Group;

 .
the potential long-term value of Renaissance as an established and recognized
   provider of information technology consulting services and the uncertainties
   that Renaissance will be able to realize that value as a public company;

 .
the potential benefits to Renaissance of operating as a privately-held
   company;

 .
difficulties in pursuing long-term initiatives and business development and
   maintenance resulting from Renaissance's operating as a public company under
   current circumstances, and costs associated with the operation of a public
   company; and

                                      -29-

 .
its belief that the piecemeal sale of Renaissance's operating units would not
   maximize value of the MBO Group's equity investment in Renaissance.


Position of the MBO Group as to Fairness of the Merger

     The MBO Group believes that the merger and the consideration to be paid in
the merger to the holders of Renaissance's common stock, including the holders
of common stock who are unaffiliated with the MBO Group, is fair to such
holders.
The MBO Group based its belief on the following:

 .
after a thorough review with independent financial and legal advisors, the
   Renaissance special committee, which consisted entirely of directors of
   Renaissance who are not affiliated with the MBO Group, and the Renaissance
   board of directors concluded that the merger is advisable and fair to, and in
   the best interests of, the holders of Renaissance's common stock not
   affiliated with Registry Holding Company and recommended that Renaissance's
   stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger;

 .
the merger agreement was negotiated at arm's length with the Renaissance
   special committee, which acted independently, with the assistance of
   financial and legal advisors and on behalf of the holders of Renaissance's
   common stock;

 .
the consideration to be paid to the holders of common stock in the merger
   represents an approximate premium of 267% over the per share closing price as
   of June 20, 2001, the day before the public announcement that Renaissance,
   Registry Holding Company and Redwood Acquisition had signed the merger
   agreement;

 .
the results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects of
   Renaissance.
Renaissance's total revenue for the fiscal year ended December
   31, 2000 decreased by 23.5% from the previous year's levels.
Renaissance
   sustained an operating loss of approximately $33.9 million for the fiscal
   year ended December 31, 2000, excluding extraordinary gain from disposal of
   certain of Renaissance's business units.
Renaissance incurred a net loss of
   $12.5 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and its total revenues
   decreased 21% as compared to the previous year's comparable quarter;

 .
the lack of prospects for finding an alternative to the merger with the MBO
   Group that would result in greater value to the holders of common stock other
   than the MBO Group;

 .
its belief that the ability of Renaissance to return to substantial
   profitability and substantial revenue growth is uncertain and, in any event,
   is expected to require an extended period; and

 .
its belief that, under present circumstances, Renaissance can be operated
   more efficiently as a private company than as a public company.

     
The MBO Group believes that each of the above factors supports its
conclusion that the merger is fair to the holders of Renaissance's common stock,
including the holders of common stock who are not affiliated with the MBO Group.

     
In connection with their determination of the fairness of the merger
agreement and the merger, the MBO Group agreed with the conclusions as to
fairness which are discussed in the section entitled, "Renaissance's Purpose and
Reasons for the Merger" on page 15, as well as the analyses underlying the
conclusions of the Renaissance special committee and board.  
The MBO Group has
also reviewed the procedures followed by the special committee and the board of
directors of Renaissance in their evaluations of the terms of the proposed
merger, and determined them to be reasonable grounds on which to decide that the
merger was fair to the holders of Renaissance's common stock.  
In view of the
variety of factors considered in reaching their respective determinations, the
MBO Group did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors considered in reaching their belief as to fairness.  
The MBO Group is
not making any recommendation as to how the holders of Renaissance's common
stock

                                      -30-

should vote on the merger agreement and the merger.

     
The stockholders unaffiliated with the MBO Group should be aware that Mr.
Conway, the sole Director of both Registry Holding Company and Redwood
Acquisition, is also the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of
Renaissance and has interests that are in addition to, or different from, the
interests of the holders of Renaissance's common stock.  
See "Interests of
Certain Persons in the Merger.
"

     The merger will terminate all equity interests of the holders of
Renaissance's common stock other than the equity interests held by members of
the MBO Group.
The merger consideration to be received by holders of
Renaissance's common stock was the result of arm's-length negotiation between
representatives of the MBO Group and the special committee of Renaissance's
board of directors and their respective advisors following the receipt of the
initial proposal from the MBO Group.

     
The common stock of Renaissance is currently registered under the Exchange
Act and now trades on Nasdaq under the symbol "REGI."
Upon consummation of the
merger, the common stock will be de-listed from Nasdaq and registration of the
common stock under the Exchange Act will be terminated.
The merger of
Renaissance with Redwood Acquisition will allow the surviving entity to gain
certain efficiencies by eliminating the time devoted by its management and
certain other employees to complying with the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, and its directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10%
of the shares of common stock will be relieved of the reporting requirements and
restrictions on insider trading under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

     
The MBO Group structured the transaction as a "one-step" merger because it
believed that that transaction structure would result in its acquisition of
Renaissance in a manner that is fair and equitable to Renaissance's
stockholders.

     
Approval of the merger requires the vote of at least seventy-five percent
(75%) of the outstanding shares of common stock of Renaissance, but does not
require the separate approval of a majority of the common stock held by the
stockholders other than the members of the MBO Group.


Identity and Background of the MBO Group, Registry Holding Company and Redwood
Acquisition

     G. Drew Conway, age 44, founded Renaissance (formerly known as The
Registry, Inc.) in 1986 and has served as its chairman and chief executive
officer since that time.
Mr. Conway also is also serving as the president,
treasurer, secretary and sole director of Registry Holding Company and as the
president, treasurer and clerk and sole director of Redwood Acquisition.
Mr.
Conway individually owns 11,716,070 shares of the common stock of Renaissance,
representing approximately a 22.% interest in the total number of shares of
common stock of Renaissance issued and outstanding as of August __, 2001.
The
MBO Group collectively owns approximately 12,000,000 shares of the common stock
of Renaissance, representing a 23% interest in the total number of shares of
common stock of Renaissance issued and outstanding as of August __, 2001.

     
Registry Holding Company, Inc. is a privately held Delaware corporation
organized in 2001 at the direction of Mr. Conway for the sole purpose of
engaging in the merger.
Registry Holding Company currently has no stockholders
and Mr. Conway is its single director and holds all of its executive offices.

Registry Holding Company maintains its principal place of business located at
c/o G. Drew Conway, Renaissance Worldwide, Inc., 52 Second Avenue, Waltham, MA
02451.
Prior to the merger, the MBO Group will contribute all of their shares of
Renaissance common stock to Registry Holding Company in exchange for shares of
the common stock of Registry Holding Company.  
At the time of the merger, Mr.
Conway will own substantially all of the issued and outstanding shares of
Registry Holding Company.

     
Redwood Acquisition is a privately held Massachusetts corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Registry Holding Company.  
Redwood Acquisition was
organized in 2001 at the direction of Mr. Conway for sole purpose of entering
into the merger with Renaissance.  
Its principal place of business is located at
c/o G. Drew Conway, Renaissance Worldwide, Inc., 52 Second Avenue, Waltham, MA
02451.
Mr. Conway is the sole director of Redwood Acquisition Corp. and holds
all of its executive offices.


Directors and Executive Officers of Registry Holding Company and Redwood
Acquisition

                                      -31-

     G. Drew Conway, age 44, founded Renaissance (formerly known as The
Registry, Inc.) in 1986 and serves as the chairman of the board and chief
executive officer of Renaissance.
Mr. Conway is also the president, treasurer,
secretary and sole director of Registry Holding Company and the president,
treasurer and clerk and sole director of Redwood Acquisition Corp.
Mr. Conway's
address is: c/o Renaissance Worldwide, Inc., 52 Second Avenue, Waltham,
Massachusetts 02451.
Mr. Conway is a U.S. citizen.


Amount and Source of Funds and Financing of the Merger

     The MBO Group intends to finance the merger through (i) the rollover of
approximately 12,000,000 shares of Renaissance common stock held by Mr. Conway,
five trusts for the benefit of Mr. Conway's children and a charitable foundation
organized by Mr. Conway, (ii) use of cash currently held by Renaissance, and
(iii) cash to be provided under a revolving credit facility to be established by
J.P. Morgan/Chase as agent for a group of lenders.  
The MBO Group estimates that
the aggregate cash consideration required to complete the merger will be
approximately $71.6 million (assuming that no Renaissance stockholders exercise
and perfect their dissenters' rights), including approximately $67.5 million to
pay Renaissance's stockholders and certain option holders, other than members of
the MBO Group, and approximately $4.1 million to pay fees and expenses related
to the transaction.

     
The MBO Group has received and accepted a commitment letter to finance the
merger from J.P. Morgan/Chase through the establishment of a revolving credit
facility in the maximum prinicipal amount of $40 million.  
The proceeds will
primarily be used to finance a portion of the merger and the related expenses,
to finance working capital needs and to support letters of credit.  
The MBO
Group intends to borrow approximately $20,000,000 under the revolving credit
facility to fund a portion of the total cash consideration necessary to complete
the merger.  
It is a condition precedent to the closing of the merger that all
conditions to the funding of the initial loans under the revolving credit
facility shall have been satisfied.  
The credit facility will terminate three
years after the closing of the loan.  
The initial interest rate will be either
the London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR) plus 250 basis points or the prime
rate announced by J.P. Morgan/Chase plus 50 basis points.  
The interest rate
will be subject to quarterly adjustment after the first anniversary of the
closing of the credit facility.  
The commitment letter also requires the
quarterly payment of a commitment fee of 0.375% per annum of the unused amount
of the revolving credit commitment during the preceding quarter.  
The credit
facility will be secured by all of the property and assets of Renaissance after
the completion of the merger.  
The MBO Group has indicated that it has no plans
to pay off the loan other than in the ordinary course.

     
The closing of the merger is conditioned upon the closing of the financing
contemplated by the commitment letter and the closing of the financing is
conditioned upon the closing of the merger.  
The financing contemplated by the
Commitment Letter is subject to additional customary closing conditions and to
Renaissance achieving earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization of not less than negative $2,000,000 for the fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2001 and not less than $1.00 for the two-month period ending August 31,
2001.


Certain Effects of the Merger

     As a result of the merger, the separate corporate existence of Redwood
Acquisition will cease and Renaissance will continue as the surviving
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Registry Holding Company.
At the
effective time of the merger, all outstanding common stock of Renaissance, other
than dissenting shares and shares held by Registry Holding Company and Redwood
Acquisition, will be converted into the right to receive $1.65 in cash.
The
merger agreement will also have the following effects:

 .
effect on Holders of Renaissance's common stock.
If the merger is completed,
   holders of Renaissance's common stock (except for Registry Holding Company
   and Redwood Acquisition and stockholders who are entitled to and who have
   exercised dissenters' rights) will receive $1.65 cash per share of
   Renaissance's common stock and, other than the MBO Group, will not have the
   opportunity to participate in any future earnings, profits and growth of
   Renaissance.

 .
Reporting Requirements.
Renaissance is currently subject to reporting
   requirements under the Exchange Act.
If the merger is completed, the
   registration of shares of Renaissance under the Exchange Act will be
   terminated, no

                                      -32-

   further reports will be filed and shares of Renaissance common stock will not
   be eligible for listing or trading on any exchange.

 .