URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/723612/000095013001503226/0000950130-01-503226.txt

Background of the Merger

   The Galileo board, as part of its ongoing oversight and planning functions,
has from time to time considered various financial and other alternatives that
might be available to increase the value of Galileo to all of its stockholders.

In connection with these ongoing reviews, the Galileo board met during the fall
of 2000 to assess the then current trading price of the Galileo common stock,
their view that the Galileo common stock was then undervalued by the financial
markets and the advisability of various possible strategic alternatives
available to Galileo to increase stockholder value, including a business
combination with a competitor of Galileo or other third party, a
recapitalization, a leveraged buyout or the continued operation of Galileo as a
stand alone entity under its then current business plan.
At the conclusion of
the meeting, the Galileo board determined that a more extensive review of these
possible strategic alternatives would be appropriate.

   
At a meeting of the Galileo board held on October 5, 2000, the board
authorized preliminary discussions with financial advisors to advise the board
on its strategic alternatives.
On October 19, 2000, the Galileo board decided
to proceed with the selection of an investment banker and authorized the public
announcement that it had commenced a review of strategic alternatives.

   
On October 20, 2000, Galileo issued a press release stating, among other
things, the following:

     "Galileo International, Inc. announced today that its board of directors
  has authorized management to explore strategic alternatives for the company
  designed to maximize shareholder value.
Such alternatives include, but are
  not limited to, a leveraged buyout or sale to a strategic buyer.
The
  company said that there is no assurance that any transaction will be
  completed.
The Galileo board has begun the search for a financial advisor
  to explore and evaluate possible alternatives, and anticipates naming one
  shortly.
"

   On October 25, 2000, the Galileo board engaged Morris Nichols Arsht &
Tunnell as special counsel to the board to advise the board as to its fiduciary
responsibilities in conducting the strategic review process.

   
On November 2, 2000, the Galileo board approved the engagement of JPMorgan
Securities Inc. as Galileo's financial advisor to evaluate possible strategic
alternatives for Galileo, and publicly announced the engagement of JPMorgan on
November 3, 2000.

   
At a meeting of the Galileo board held on December 21, 2000, JPMorgan
reviewed its preliminary analysis of strategic alternatives available to
Galileo.
JPMorgan discussed with the Galileo board its preliminary views on an
appropriate valuation of Galileo and its analysis of other related matters.

Following these discussions, the Galileo board directed JPMorgan to undertake a
more detailed valuation analysis.

   
On January 18, 2001, JPMorgan provided updated valuation and market analyses
to the Galileo board concerning possible strategic alternatives for Galileo and
recommended to the board that likely strategic and financial buyers be
approached to gauge their interest in a possible business combination.
While no
decision had been made at that time by the Galileo board as to whether to
pursue a sale or merger of Galileo or to pursue other strategic alternatives,
the board determined that, because a sale or other disposition was an
attractive alternative, the interest of potential bidders should be explored.

At the conclusion of the meeting, the Galileo board authorized JPMorgan to
proceed to contact potential buyers and directed JPMorgan, along with Galileo
management, to prepare materials and presentations to be provided to persons
that might be interested in making proposals to acquire Galileo.

   
Beginning on January 29, 2001, JPMorgan approached 16 potential buyers,
including Cendant.
The companies contacted were chosen based on a variety of
factors, including perceived interest in the businesses in which Galileo
operated, familiarity with the computer reservation system industry, financial
position and ability to consummate an acquisition of Galileo.
Those entities
expressing an interest in pursuing a possible transaction were asked to sign
confidentiality agreements to protect the confidential nature of the material
prepared by Galileo management to be provided to these parties.
Galileo
management offered to provide the materials it had previously prepared and to
make presentations to those parties that executed confidentiality agreements.

Nine companies ultimately signed confidentiality agreements.
On March 9, 2001,
Cendant and Galileo executed a confidentiality agreement.

   
In February 2001, Cendant engaged Salomon Smith Barney as its financial
advisor in connection with the potential acquisition of Galileo.

   
On February 5, 2001, representatives of Cendant and its financial advisor
met with representatives of JPMorgan to discuss a possible acquisition of
Galileo.
At the meeting, the parties discussed Galileo's business and
operations and JPMorgan discussed the process that was being undertaken on
behalf of Galileo.

   
Beginning on February 28, 2001, Galileo management provided the potential
buyers access to due diligence materials related to Galileo's business that
could be reviewed by these potential bidders.
One potential bidder that had
signed a confidentiality agreement withdrew from the process before viewing
management presentations or due diligence materials.
Six of the potential
bidders received management presentations and eight of the potential bidders
conducted due diligence.
Cendant and its advisors began their extensive
financial, business and legal due diligence of Galileo in March 2001.
Galileo's
management made its initial presentation to Cendant on April 3, 2001.
Cendant's
due diligence efforts included retaining outside consultants with expertise in
the global distribution services industry, conducting meetings with Galileo
management, touring Galileo's facilities and reviewing financial and legal
documents provided by Galileo.

   
On April 2, 2001, JPMorgan sent letters to the potential bidders that
outlined the procedures to be followed regarding submission of offers.
The
letter stated that offers were to be delivered by April 24, 2001, and were to
specify the price-per-share for Galileo common stock, both including and
excluding Galileo's Quantitude business.
In addition, potential bidders were
required, among other things, to disclose the source of financing for the
transaction, a timetable for completion, and regulatory approvals that would be
required to complete the transaction.
Potential bidders also received a
proposed acquisition agreement and were instructed to highlight any material
departures from the agreement's terms in their bids.

   
On April 24, 2001, Cendant's executive committee received a memorandum from
its financial advisor outlining financial and business opportunities in
connection with pursuing an acquisition of Galileo.
The executive committee
also received due diligence reports, including reports from its outside
consultants and legal and financial advisors.
The executive committee held a
meeting to discuss whether to submit a bid to acquire Galileo.
At the meeting,
Cendant's executive committee reviewed the principal terms of the proposed bid
for Galileo and discussed the reports presented by Cendant's outside
consultants and legal and financial advisors.
After a full discussion of the
matters considered by the executive committee at the meeting, the executive
committee determined to submit a bid to acquire Galileo.

   
Three bidders, including Cendant, submitted written proposals on April 24,
2001.
One additional bidder made an oral proposal which in other respects
substantially complied with the instructions provided by JPMorgan.
Cendant's
proposal consisted of a tax-free exchange of $25 worth of CD common stock for
each share of Galileo common stock and a trust arrangement for Quantitude.
The
trust arrangement would have placed Galileo's equity interest in Quantitude in
a trust in which the trustee would attempt to sell Quantitude to a qualified
third party and deliver the after-tax proceeds of that sale to Galileo
stockholders.
In addition, Cendant's bid identified various proposed changes to
the draft agreement for the acquisition of Galileo and was conditioned upon
receiving voting agreements from Galileo's largest stockholders and an option
to purchase 19.9% of Galileo's common stock.
Cendant also conditioned its bid
upon the satisfactory completion of its comprehensive due diligence
investigation.

   
The other three bidders all submitted cash offers.
Two of the bidders
submitted offers for the whole company and the third bidder submitted an offer
for only the global distribution services business (Galileo excluding
Quantitude).

   
The Galileo board considered the proposals at meetings on April 27, 2001 and
April 28, 2001.
At the April 28 meeting, the Galileo board instructed JPMorgan
to solicit an increased offer from each bidder.
Two parties, including Cendant,
subsequently increased their bids.

   
On April 30, 2001, Cendant presented a new proposal that retained the trust
arrangement for Quantitude and increased the offer for Galileo's core
distribution system business to $30 of CD common stock for each share of
Galileo common stock.
Cendant conditioned its higher offer on access to
extensive additional due diligence information and a requirement that Galileo
negotiate exclusively with Cendant until May 21, 2001.
Cendant advised Galileo
that, at the conclusion of this period, it would be prepared to make a firm
offer which would not be subject to a due diligence condition.
On May 3, 2001,
Galileo agreed to negotiate exclusively with Cendant until May 21, 2001, after
considering the advice of JPMorgan that Cendant's demand for additional due
diligence was reasonable, that agreeing to the exclusive negotiating period was
necessary to keep Cendant in the process at the increased price of $30 and that
the exclusivity request was not detrimental to Galileo, in part because of
Galileo's ability to receive and respond to any other inquiries during the
period and to negotiate with any other interested parties after May 21, 2001.

   
From May 3, 2001 through May 15, 2001, legal and financial representatives
of Galileo and Cendant met on numerous occasions to discuss and negotiate
aspects of the proposed merger, the Quantitude trust structure, Cendant's
proposed changes to the acquisition agreement and the proposed terms of the
stock option agreement.
At the same time, Cendant and its advisors provided
expanded due diligence requests to Galileo and continued to conduct extensive
due diligence on Galileo's operations.
On May 15, 2001, Cendant and its
advisors provided Cendant's management due diligence reports on their findings
at a meeting at Cendant's offices in New York, New York.
At the conclusion of
the meeting, Cendant's management requested that its advisors continue to
conduct additional due diligence on Galileo.

   
On May 14, 2001, representatives of Cendant, along with representatives of
its outside legal counsel, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, and its
financial advisor, Salomon Smith Barney, met in New York City with senior
members of Galileo's management, representatives of Galileo's financial
advisor, JPMorgan, and Galileo's outside counsel, Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue,
to further discuss the terms of the transaction, structural matters and the
possible timing of executing the acquisition agreement.
Cendant's remaining due
diligence was also discussed.

   
On May 15, 2001, Galileo's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. James E. Barlett, had a telephone conversation with Cendant's Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry R. Silverman, during which the
two discussed, among other things, the strategic rationale for the proposed
transaction and the potential benefits of the proposed transaction for the
stockholders of each company.

   
At a meeting held on May 17, 2001, the Galileo board discussed the status of
Cendant's revised offer and the other three proposals that had been made.

JPMorgan reviewed with the board that the four bidders had been

asked to raise their bids and that only Cendant and one other bidder had done
so.
In addition, the Galileo board discussed the nature of the Quantitude trust
structure proposed by Cendant, and instructed JPMorgan to request from Cendant
a single proposal for all of Galileo, including Quantitude.
JPMorgan advised
the Galileo board that Cendant likely would request an extension of its
exclusive negotiating period in order to confirm its Quantitude valuation.

JPMorgan also expressed its view that an extension by Galileo of an exclusive
negotiating period with Cendant would not hinder the continuation of the review
process or Galileo's assessment of alternatives.
Accordingly, the Galileo board
agreed that an extension of the exclusivity period would be appropriate.

   
On May 18, 2001, JPMorgan advised representatives of Cendant that the
Galileo board had requested a single proposal for all of Galileo, including
Quantitude.
In response, Cendant requested an extension of the exclusive
negotiating period from May 21, 2001 to June 1, 2001.
Galileo's representatives
responded that Galileo sought $35 per share of Galileo common stock and that,
given the exclusivity already granted to Cendant and the extensive due
diligence that Cendant had already conducted, a one week exclusivity extension
would be appropriate.
Representatives of Cendant informed representatives of
Galileo that Cendant could not commit to any increased purchase price prior to
completing its due diligence investigation and that Cendant's due diligence
process was ongoing.
Shortly thereafter, the parties agreed to an extension of
the exclusive negotiating period from May 21, 2001 to May 29, 2001, on the same
terms as the initial exclusivity agreement.

   
During the period from May 18, 2001 to May 29, 2001, numerous discussions
between the financial and legal representatives of Cendant and Galileo
continued in an attempt to finalize the structure of the potential transaction
and resolve outstanding issues regarding due diligence and the terms of the
transaction documents.
During this period, Galileo commenced its due diligence
investigation of Cendant.

   
During the period that Galileo was soliciting proposals for an acquisition
of Galileo, Galileo continued to analyze the potential benefits of pursuing an
acquisition of a third party and submitted a preliminary indication of interest
with regard to such a potential acquisition.
However, in light of the progress
of Galileo's strategic review process, no further action was taken with regard
to such potential acquisition.

   
On May 29, 2001, Cendant submitted a revised offer for all of Galileo.
The
offer contained a fixed exchange ratio of 1.271 shares of CD common stock plus
an additional amount of cash, totaling 19.5% of the total merger consideration
up to a maximum of $5.85 per share, in exchange for each share of Galileo
common stock.
In its bid letter, Cendant noted that, based upon a CD common
stock value of at least $19, Galileo stockholders would receive in excess of
$30 per share of Galileo common stock.
Cendant also proposed converting its
travel agency segments to Galileo's system from a competing system and to
integrate Cendant's travel portal with Trip.com.
Cendant's bid remained
conditioned on finalizing the merger agreement and the stock option agreement
and completion of select outstanding due diligence items.
In addition,
Cendant's bid stressed the importance of having the support of Galileo's
largest stockholders.

   
During a conference call on the evening of May 29, 2001 between Mr. Barlett
and Mr. Silverman and various representatives of each company, Mr. Barlett and
Mr. Silverman discussed Cendant's revised offer.
In addition, Mr. Silverman
advised Mr. Barlett of Cendant's view of the positive effects of the proposed
transaction for the stockholders of each company.
Mr. Barlett informed Mr.
Silverman that the Galileo board would take the revised offer under advisement
at a meeting of the Galileo board the following day.

   
On May 30, 2001, the Galileo board met to discuss Cendant's revised offer.

The Galileo board was advised that based on the then-current CD common stock
price, the revised offer would provide total consideration to Galileo
stockholders of approximately $29.60 per share.
After considering the offer,
the Galileo board determined that it did not offer sufficient value to Galileo
stockholders to justify approval of a transaction.
In addition, the Galileo
board noted that the revised offer had abandoned the fixed value consideration
to be received by Galileo stockholders in Cendant's earlier proposal in favor
of a fixed exchange

ratio.
The Galileo board noted that, as a result, the value of the
consideration to be received by Galileo stockholders in the revised offer would
fluctuate with changes in the price of CD common stock.
At the conclusion of
the meeting JPMorgan was authorized to communicate the view of the Galileo
board to representatives of Cendant.
JPMorgan was also directed to contact the
other participants in the process and advise them to submit or revise, as
applicable, their proposals promptly if they had an interest in a transaction
with Galileo.

   
In response to the views of the Galileo board, Cendant revised its offer on
May 30, 2001.
Its new offer still contained a mixture of stock and cash, but
the structure provided fixed value consideration to be received by Galileo
stockholders of $32 per share if the price of CD common stock traded within a
collar of $18 and $21.
Total consideration to Galileo's stockholders would rise
or fall if the price of CD common stock rose or fell outside of the collar.

   
At a special meeting of the Galileo board held on May 31, 2001, the Galileo
board discussed the revised Cendant offer, and determined that the revised
offer presented insufficient value and an unacceptably narrow collar of fixed
consideration.
At the conclusion of the meeting, JPMorgan was authorized to
communicate the view of the Galileo board to representatives of Cendant.

Thereafter, JPMorgan communicated the Galileo board's views to Cendant and said
that the Galileo board was unwilling to sell Galileo on that basis.

   
In response to the views of the Galileo board, Cendant modified its offer,
increasing the fixed value of the consideration to $32.50 per share of Galileo
common stock and widening the collar to $17.50 to $21.50 per share of CD common
stock.
JPMorgan advised Cendant that the Galileo board would be unlikely to
approve a transaction where the expected consideration to be received by
Galileo stockholders was $32.50.
In response, Cendant agreed to increase its
offer to provide expected consideration to Galileo stockholders of $33 per
Galileo share, but that such price was its final and best offer.
Cendant also
proposed a collar of $17.50 to $20 per share of CD common stock.
In addition,
Cendant proposed that both Cendant and Galileo have the right to terminate the
transaction if the price of CD common stock during the relevant period was $14
or less.

   
At a special meeting held on June 1, 2001, the Galileo board reviewed the
revised offer and was advised by JPMorgan that none of the other bids had been
increased and no new bids had been made.
The Galileo board authorized JPMorgan
to communicate to representatives of Cendant that a transaction would be
considered financially acceptable if the collar's lower end were extended down
to $17 and if Galileo was the only party that had the right to terminate the
transaction if the price of CD common stock during the relevant period was $14
or less.
On a conference call on June 1, 2001 between Galileo and its financial
and legal representatives and Cendant and its financial and legal
representatives, Cendant agreed in principle to those financial terms, subject
to completion of due diligence, finalization of mutually acceptable transaction
documents and receipt of a voting agreement from United Air Lines, Inc. and the
stock option agreement from Galileo.
On the June 1, 2001 conference call,
Cendant and Galileo discussed the steps necessary to complete their respective
due diligence and finalize the terms of the transaction agreements.

   
On June 4, 2001, as part of Galileo's due diligence investigation of
Cendant, Cendant conducted a detailed management presentation to Galileo and
its advisors at Cendant's office in Parsippany, New Jersey.

   
From June 1 to June 14, 2001, legal and financial representatives of Galileo
and Cedant held discussions on numerous occasions to negotiate and finalize
terms of the proposed acquisition agreement between the two companies.
During
this period, the parties continued their respective due diligence
investigations.
In addition, from June 2 to June 14, 2001, Cendant, United and
its wholly owned subsidiary, Covia LLC and their respective legal and financial
representatives held discussions on numerous occasions to negotiate the terms
of the proposed voting agreement pursuant to which United would, among other
things, agree to vote, and give Cendant a proxy to vote, its shares and any
additional shares it acquires in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement
and against any third party proposal to complete an acquisition of Galileo or
any other proposals presented for a vote that would prevent or materially delay
completion of the merger.

   
On June 5, 2001, Cendant's board received a memorandum from its financial
advisor outlining financial and business opportunities in connection with
pursuing an acquisition of Galileo.
The Cendant board also received due
diligence reports from its advisors.
Later on June 5, 2001, the Cendant board
had a meeting at which the acquisition of Galileo was discussed.
At the
meeting, Cendant's board reviewed the reports presented by Cendant's advisors
and the principal terms of the proposed acquisition of Galileo, including the
terms of the merger agreement, the voting agreement and the stock option
agreement.
After a full discussion of the matters considered by the Cendant
board at the meeting, the Cendant board approved, among other things, the
merger agreement, the voting agreement and the stock option agreement in the
form presented to the Cendant board and authorized Cendant's management to
finalize the terms of those agreements and, once finalized, to execute and
deliver those agreements to Galileo and United.
The board of directors of
Galaxy Acquisition Corp. subsequently approved the merger with Galileo, the
merger agreement and the other transactions contemplated in connection with the
merger agreement.

   
On June 15, 2001, at a special meeting of the Galileo board, the Galileo
board reviewed the terms of the proposed transaction with Cendant.
All of the
directors were present in person or by conference telephone throughout the
meeting, except Mr. Schorderet, who was unable to participate, and Mr. Dik, who
was only able to participate in a portion of the meeting and left the call
before the board voted on the transaction.
Galileo's financial advisor,
JPMorgan, reviewed with the Galileo board the bids that had been received in
the strategic review process and the course of negotiations with Cendant.

JPMorgan then reviewed a financial analysis of the consideration payable in the
proposed transaction, as well as alternatives to the proposed transaction,
including the continued operation of Galileo as an independent company.

Galileo's legal counsel reviewed the legal aspects of the proposed transaction,
including the board's legal duties, the terms of the transaction documents and
changes negotiated to the definitive merger agreement and stock option
agreement.
Galileo's litigation and due diligence counsel, Chapman and Cutler,
reviewed with the board the results of its due diligence investigation and made
a presentation regarding certain class action litigation against Cendant as
described in "Risk Factors."
The Galileo board was also advised that United and
Covia had indicated that they would agree to enter into a voting agreement with
Cendant if the Galileo board approved the merger agreement.
Also at this
meeting, JPMorgan rendered to the Galileo board its oral opinion (subsequently
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated June 15, 2001) to the effect
that, as of the date and on the basis of and subject to the matters described
in the opinion, the consideration to be paid to Galileo's stockholders in the
proposed merger was fair, from a financial point of view.
After a full
discussion of the matters considered by the Galileo board at the meeting, the
Galileo board, by the unanimous vote of the directors then present at the
meeting, approved the merger agreement and the stock option agreement in the
form presented to the Galileo board and determined to recommend to Galileo's
stockholders that they vote to adopt the merger agreement.

   
In the evening of June 15, 2001, Cendant and Galileo executed the merger
agreement and the stock option agreement.
In addition, Cendant, United and
Covia executed the voting agreement on the same day.
On June 18, 2001, prior to
the opening of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Cendant and Galileo
issued press releases relating to the proposed merger.


Galileo's Rationale for the Merger; Recommendation of the Galileo Board

   The Galileo board has approved the merger agreement and has determined that
the merger agreement and the merger are advisable and in the best interest of
Galileo and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the Galileo board recommends that
Galileo stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement at the
special meeting.

   
In reaching its recommendation described above, the Galileo board consulted
with Galileo's management, its financial advisors and legal counsel.
Set forth
below are the material factors that the Galileo board considered in reaching
its determination:

  .  
Its review and analysis of the financial performance, cash flow
     generation and growth prospects of Galileo and its determination that
     the public market failed to appropriately value the company.

  .  
Its review of possible alternatives to the sale of Galileo, including
     the prospects of continuing to operate Galileo as an independent
     company, the value to stockholders of those alternatives and the timing
     and likelihood of actually achieving additional value from those
     alternatives, including the possibility that Galileo's future
     performance might not lead to a stock price having a higher present
     value than the merger consideration to be received in the proposed
     merger with Cendant.

  .  
The fact that the merger and the merger agreement were agreed to by the
     Galileo board only after issuance by Galileo of a press release
     regarding its review of strategic alternatives, publicity concerning the
     review by Galileo of its strategic alternatives and the possibility of
     Galileo being sold, the passage of a significant period of time between
     issuance of the press release and the approval of the merger agreement,
     and contact with, and the opportunity to receive and consider proposals
     by, a large number of potential bidders during an "auction" process.

  .  
The structure of the transaction as a generally tax-free reorganization,
     to the extent of CD common stock received by Galileo stockholders, for
     United States federal income tax purposes.

  .  
The historical market price of, and the recent trading activity in,
     Galileo common stock, and particularly the fact that the expected value
     of the $33.00 per share price to be received by Galileo stockholders
     represents a premium of approximately 103% over the closing price of
     Galileo common stock on October 20, 2000 (one day prior to Galileo's
     announcement that it was considering strategic alternatives) and a
     premium of approximately 11% over the closing price of Galileo common
     stock on June 15, 2001 (one business day prior to Galileo's announcement
     that it had entered into the merger agreement with Cendant).

  .  
The possibility that if the merger or some other significant transaction
     were not consummated, the price of the Galileo common stock could
     decline significantly below the current trading price.

  .  
The presentation to the Galileo board of JPMorgan as to the transaction
     and its opinion as to fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
     consideration to be received in the merger by Galileo stockholders.
The
     full text of the written opinion of JPMorgan, dated June 15, 2001, which
     sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
     the review undertaken, is attached to this proxy statement-prospectus as
     Annex D and is incorporated herein by reference.
The opinion of JPMorgan
     is addressed to the Galileo board, is directed only to the consideration
     to be received by Galileo stockholders in the proposed merger and does
     not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote
     with respect to the proposed merger or at what price CD common stock
     will trade at any future time.
You are urged to read JPMorgan's opinion
     carefully and in its entirety.

  .  
The anticipated timing of consummation of the transactions contemplated
     by the merger agreement.

  .  
The fact that Cendant has not conditioned its obligations under the
     merger agreement on its ability to obtain financing.

  .  
The fact that United and Covia, the owner of 18.2% of the outstanding
     shares of Galileo common stock, were willing to enter into the voting
     agreement pursuant to which Covia agreed to vote, and grant Cendant a
     proxy to vote, all of its shares in favor of adoption of the merger
     agreement.

  .  
The business, operations, financial position, personnel and prospects of
     Cendant.

  .  
The current and historical market prices and trading information with
     respect to CD common stock.

   
In light of the Galileo board's knowledge of the business and operations of
Galileo and its business judgment, the Galileo board considered and evaluated
each of the factors listed above during the course of its

deliberations prior to approving the merger agreement.
In view of the wide
variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger,
the Galileo board found it impracticable to and did not, quantify or otherwise
attempt to assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in making
its determinations.

   
The Galileo board also considered the following countervailing factors in
making its determinations:

  .  
The fact that following the merger, Galileo's stockholders will no
     longer be able to participate in the potential growth of Galileo except
     as part of Cendant.

  .  
The terms of the merger agreement that set forth conditions to closing
     and the significant fees and expenses that would become payable in the
     event of a termination of the merger agreement under certain
     circumstances.

  .  
The fact that the merger agreement prohibits Galileo from soliciting or
     entering into a transaction with a third party to acquire Galileo.

  .  
The grant of the stock option to Cendant, which provides Cendant the
     ability to acquire up to 19.5% of Galileo common stock under certain
     circumstances.
In this regard, the Galileo board recognized that the
     provisions of the stock option agreement and the granting of the option
     to Cendant were insisted upon by Cendant as a condition to entering into
     the merger agreement.

  .  
Certain risks associated with Cendant and the merger described under
     "Risk Factors," including the potential negative effect on Cendant's
     financial condition and other potential risks that may result if the
     settlement terms of the class action lawsuit involving accounting
     irregularities are modified or voided upon appeal and the potential
     negative effect on Cendant's financial condition that may result from
     other litigation that is not the subject of the existing settlement.

   
The Galileo board determined that the foregoing factors were outweighed by
the potential benefits of the merger described above.


Cendant's Rationale for the Merger

   On June 5, 2001, the Cendant board determined by a unanimous vote that the
merger is advisable and in the best interests of Cendant and Cendant's
stockholders.
The Cendant board approved the merger agreement, the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
In connection with its approval of the merger, and its determination that
the merger is advisable and in the best interest of Cendant's stockholders, the
Cendant board consulted with outside consultants and its legal and financial
advisors, as well as with members of management.
The Cendant board of directors
also considered the following material information and factors in reaching its
determination to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

  .  
That Galileo is one of the foremost providers of electronic global
     distribution services to the travel industry through its computerized
     reservation systems and Internet-based solutions.

  
.  
That the merger will provide Cendant with an opportunity to
     substantially broaden the range of Cendant's service offerings and its
     geographic reach.

  
.  
That the merger significantly expands Cendant's presence in the travel
     sector and provides Cendant a comprehensive travel platform, generating
     transaction fees on all major components of travel spending.

  .  
That Galileo's fee-for-services business model, customer relationships
     and customer base are believed to be highly complementary to Cendant's
     business model.

  .  
That the merger will be accretive to Cendant's earnings.

  .  
The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the fact
     that in the event of certain terminations of the merger agreement,
     Galileo must pay to Cendant a $100 million termination fee plus up to
     $10 million in Cendant's expenses incurred in connection with the
     merger.

  .  
That United and Covia have agreed to vote, and give Cendant a proxy to
     vote, 18.2% of the total number of shares of Galileo common stock issued
     and outstanding pursuant to a voting agreement.

  .  
The fact that in the event the voting agreement with United and Covia is
     terminated and Cendant becomes entitled to the termination fee set forth
     in the merger agreement, Cendant may exercise its option to purchase up
     to 19.5% of the outstanding Galileo common stock as of the date of the
     stock option agreement.


Opinions of Galileo's Financial Advisor

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 1, 2000, the Galileo board
retained JPMorgan to act as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with
the merger.
At the Galileo board meeting on June 15, 2001, JPMorgan gave its
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the Galileo board that, as
of that date and on the basis of and subject to the matters described in the
opinion, the consideration to be paid to Galileo stockholders in the proposed
merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders.

   
The full text of the written opinion of JPMorgan dated June 15, 2001, which
sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement-prospectus.

JPMorgan's opinion is incorporated into this proxy statement-prospectus by
reference and Galileo urges its stockholders to read the opinion carefully and
in its entirety.

   
JPMorgan's opinion is addressed to the Galileo board, is directed only to
the consideration to be received by Galileo stockholders in the proposed merger
and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote
with respect to the proposed merger or the price at which the CD common stock
will trade at any future time.

   
In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan, among other things:

  . reviewed a draft dated June 10, 2001 of the merger agreement;

  .
reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
    concerning the business of Galileo and Cendant and the industries in
    which they operate;

  .
compared the financial and operating performance of Galileo and Cendant
    with publicly available information concerning certain other companies
    JPMorgan deemed relevant and reviewed the current and historical market
    prices of Galileo common stock and CD common stock and certain publicly
    traded securities of such companies;

  .
reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by
    the management of Galileo relating to its business; and

  .
performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such
    other information as JPMorgan deemed appropriate for purposes of its
    opinion.

   
JPMorgan noted that it did not compare the financial terms of the merger
with the terms of other transactions because there were no transactions
involving companies that JPMorgan deemed relevant and for which financial terms
were publicly available.

   
In addition, JPMorgan has held discussions with certain members of the
management of Galileo and Cendant with respect to certain aspects of the
merger, including their past and current business operations, their financial
condition and future prospects and operations, the effects of the merger on the
financial condition and future prospects of both Galileo and Cendant, and
certain other matters JPMorgan believed necessary or appropriate to its
inquiry.

   
In giving its opinion, JPMorgan relied upon and assumed, without independent
verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that was
publicly available or was furnished to it by Galileo or Cendant or otherwise
reviewed by JPMorgan, and has not assumed any responsibility or liability
therefor.
JPMorgan did not conduct any valuation or appraisal of any assets or
liabilities, nor were any such valuations or appraisals provided to JPMorgan.

In relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to it, JPMorgan assumed
that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments by the managements of Galileo and
Cendant as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition
of Galileo and Cendant to which such analyses or forecasts relate.
JPMorgan
also assumed that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes, and that the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement will be consummated as described therein.

JPMorgan relied, as to all legal matters relevant to rendering its opinion,
upon the advice of counsel.
JPMorgan also assumed that the definitive merger
agreement would not differ in any material respects from the draft furnished to
JPMorgan.
JPMorgan further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory
or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger
would be obtained without any adverse effect on Galileo or Cendant or on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.

   
As is customary in the rendering of fairness opinions, JPMorgan based its
opinion on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the
information made available to JPMorgan, as of June 15, 2001, the date of the
opinion.
Subsequent developments may affect JPMorgan's opinion and JPMorgan
does not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm its opinion.

   
In accordance with customary investment banking practice, JPMorgan employed
generally accepted valuation methods in reaching its opinion.
The following is
a summary of the material financial analyses performed by JPMorgan in
connection with its opinion.
Presented are some of the summaries of the
financial analyses in tabular format.
In order to understand the financial
analyses used by JPMorgan more fully, you should read the tables together with
the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of JPMorgan's financial analyses and this summary is not a complete
description of the analyses underlying JPMorgan's opinion.

   
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
JPMorgan conducted a discounted cash flow
analysis for the purpose of determining the fully diluted equity value per
share for Galileo common stock.
JPMorgan analyzed a projection scenario
including Galileo management's projections for fiscal 2001 through 2005.

   
For the projection scenario, JPMorgan calculated the unlevered free cash
flows that Galileo is expected to generate during fiscal years 2001 through
2005.
These unlevered free cash flows were divided into two segments: Galileo's
global distribution services ("GDS") business and its telecommunications
services business, Quantitude.
The unlevered cash flows relating to the GDS
business were discounted at a rate of 9.0% to 11.0%, which is JPMorgan's
estimate of Galileo's weighted average cost of capital for the GDS business.
A
range of terminal values for the GDS business was calculated by multiplying
projected 2005 EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization) by a range of 3.5x to 4.5x.
The unlevered cash flows relating to
the Quantitude business were discounted at a rate of 20.0% to 25.0%, which is
JPMorgan's estimate of Galileo's weighted average cost of capital for the
Quantitude business.
A range of terminal values for the Quantitude business was
calculated by multiplying projected 2005 revenue by a range of 0.75x to 1.25x.

The present value of the combined unlevered free cash flows and the combined
range of terminal asset values were then adjusted for Galileo's March 31, 2001
excess cash, option exercise proceeds and total debt.
Based on this analysis,
the discounted cash flow analysis indicated a range of equity values of between
$26.00 and $35.50 per share of Galileo common stock on a stand-alone basis
without synergies.

   
Public Trading Multiples.
Using publicly available information, JPMorgan
compared selected financial data, ratios and multiples of Galileo with similar
data, ratios and multiples for selected publicly traded companies engaged in
the computer reservation systems, transaction processor, and information
technology, or IT, services sectors.
JPMorgan noted that it did not deem these
companies fully comparable to Galileo and thus evaluated this information for
reference only.

   
The companies selected by JPMorgan were:

    Computer Reservation Systems
    Sabre Holdings Corporation
    Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A.

    Transaction Processors
    Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
    
First Data Corporation
    Concord EFS Inc.
    Equifax Inc.

    IT Services
    Electronic Data Systems Corporation
    Computer Sciences Corporation
    Fiserv Inc.

   For each of these companies, publicly available financial performance
through the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 was measured.
In addition,
JPMorgan derived estimates of sales, EBITDA, and net earnings for calendar
years 2001 and 2002 from public equity analyst estimates.
JPMorgan conducted a
trading multiples analysis for the purpose of determining a fully diluted
equity value per share for Galileo's common stock.
The analysis applied the
pre-announcement (defined as the time period immediately prior to Galileo's
announcement that it was exploring strategic alternatives) price to earnings
ratio ("P/E") of 9.0x 2000 estimated earnings to Galileo's 2001 analyst
estimated GAAP earnings per share of $1.89.
In addition, JPMorgan selected the
trading performance of Sabre Holdings Corporation common stock, deemed to be
the most relevant of the companies listed above, and applied Sabre's current
2001 P/E ratio, defined as 2001 P/E divided by its current estimated long-term
growth rate, of 1.29 to Galileo's current analyst estimated long term growth
rate of 11.5%, resulting in an implied P/E ratio of 14.8x.
This 14.8x was then
applied to Galileo's 2001 analyst estimated GAAP earnings per share of $1.89.

Based upon this range of multiples, JPMorgan derived an implied equity value
range of $17.00 to $28.00 per share of Galileo common stock.

   
Selected Transaction Analysis.
As the number of relevant transactions
containing businesses significantly analogous to Galileo's business is limited,
JPMorgan conducted an initial survey of transactions, using publicly available
information, from a broad range of businesses in multiple industries.
Upon
further review, JPMorgan believes the specific economic, market and other
conditions related to the travel industry reduces the relevancy of these
surveyed transactions to the proposed merger.
Therefore, a detailed transaction
analysis was not relied upon by JPMorgan in rendering its opinion.

   
Historical Common Stock Performance.
JPMorgan conducted a historical
analysis of the closing price of Galileo common stock based on closing prices
on the New York Stock Exchange relative to the share price performance of
selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses which JPMorgan deemed
relevant to Galileo, the Standard & Poor's 500 index and the Nasdaq composite
index over the time periods from July 28, 1997 to June 13, 2001 and June 13,
2000 to June 13, 2001.

   
The companies selected by JPMorgan were:

    Computer Reservation Systems
    Sabre Holdings Corporation
    Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A.

    Transaction Processors
    Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
    
First Data Corporation
    Concord EFS Inc.
    Equifax Inc.

    IT Services
    Electronic Data Systems Corporation
    Computer Sciences Corporation
    Fiserv Inc.

    Broadband Services
    Covad Communications Group, Inc.
    Global Crossing Ltd.
    Infonet Services Corporation
    Level 3 Communications, Inc.
    Rhythms NetConnections Inc.
    Williams Communications Group, Inc.

   JPMorgan noted that over the period from July 28, 1997 to June 13, 2001
Galileo common stock has under-performed indices consisting of companies from
the Computer Reservation Systems, Transaction Processors, and IT Services
industries.
JPMorgan also found that over the time period from June 13, 2000 to
October 19, 2000 Galileo common stock has under-performed Sabre common stock,
Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A. common stock, an index consisting of
companies from the Broadband Services industry, the Standard & Poor's 500 index
and the Nasdaq composite index.
After the announcement of the review of
strategic alternatives, over the period October 20, 2000 to June 13, 2001,
Galileo common stock has under-performed Sabre common stock, but out-performed
Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A. common stock, an index consisting of
companies from the Broadband Services industry, the Standard & Poor's 500 index
and the Nasdaq composite index.

   
Analysis of Premium.
JPMorgan calculated the premium implied by $33 per
share relative to certain base prices.
All prices used in this analysis
represent closing prices.

   
The table below sets forth JPMorgan's premium analysis:

                                                          Base     Premium
Description of base price                                price  implied by $33
- -------------------------                                ------
--------------

Price one day prior to announcement of review of
 strategic alternatives on October 20, 2000............. $16.25      103%
Average price one week (five trading days) prior to
 announcement of review of strategic alternatives.......  16.26      103%
Average price one month (twenty trading days) prior to
 announcement of review of strategic alternatives.......  
15.07      119%
52 week low (period prior to announcement of review of
 strategic alternatives)................................  13.63      142%
52 week high (period prior to announcement of review of
 strategic alternatives)................................  
32.31        2%
All-time low............................................  13.63      142%
All-time high...........................................  
59.00      (44%)
IPO Price...............................................  24.50       35%

JPMorgan noted that the premium analysis does not constitute a valuation
technique as such, but serves as a comparison of the proposed transaction price
to various base prices.

   
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
JPMorgan reviewed the per share daily
closing market price movements of Galileo common stock and CD common stock for
the three-year period ended June 13, 2001 and calculated the historical
exchange ratios during this period implied by dividing the daily closing prices
per share of Galileo common stock by those of CD common stock and the average
of those historical trading ratios for the calendar periods of 1-month, 3-
month, 6-month, 1-year, 2-year and 3-year periods ended June 13, 2001.
The
analysis resulted in the following average historical trading ratios for the
periods indicated (rounded to the nearest hundredth):

        Calendar
         Period                                            Mean
        --------                                           
-----

         1-month..........................................
1.50x
         3-month..........................................
1.48x
         6-month..........................................
1.61x
         1-year...........................................
1.62x
         2-year...........................................
1.69x
         3-year...........................................
2.00x

The highest historical exchange ratio on any single day during the 3-year
period was approximately 3.91x, and the lowest historical exchange ratio on any
single day during this period was approximately 0.95x.
The proposed exchange
ratio of 1.56x to 1.33x (dependent on the average closing stock price of
Cendant during the pricing period as defined in the merger agreement) is for
the stock portion only, which is no less than 80.5% of the total value of the
merger consideration.
On a comparable basis this translates into an exchange
ratio of 1.94x to 1.65x for the total consideration.

   
Pro forma combination analysis.
JPMorgan analyzed the pro forma impact of
the merger on Cendant's earnings per share, consolidated capitalization and
financial ratios using Galileo's management projections and projections
developed by JPMorgan based on analyst earnings estimates for Cendant.

Incorporating assumptions with respect to various structural considerations,
transaction and financing costs and Cendant's estimated synergies, the
combination would be accretive to Cendant's earnings per share in 2002.

   
JPMorgan also conducted a valuation analysis of the CD common stock using
generally accepted valuation methods.
The following is a summary of the
material financial analyses performed by JPMorgan in connection with its
opinion.

   
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
JPMorgan conducted a discounted cash flow
analysis for the purpose of determining the fully diluted equity value per
share of the CD common stock.
JPMorgan analyzed a projection scenario based on
analyst estimates (JPMorgan equity research report dated May 22, 2001) of
financial performance for fiscal 2001 through 2006.

   
For the projection scenario, JPMorgan calculated the unlevered free cash
flows that Cendant is expected to generate during fiscal years 2001 through
2006 under two scenarios--base case and acquisitions case.
The base case
assumed only organic growth of the current Cendant businesses.
In the base
case, the unlevered free cash flows were discounted at a rate of 9.0% to 11.0%,
which is JPMorgan's estimate of Cendant's weighted average cost of capital for
the current Cendant businesses.
A range of terminal values for Cendant was
calculated by multiplying projected 2005 EBITDA by a range of 7.0x to 8.0x.

   
The acquisition case assumed acquisitions of $750 million per year, funded
with internal cash.
The acquisition was assumed to be at a value of 5.5x
acquired company EBITDA and the acquired company was assumed to have an EBITDA
margin of 20-22%.
The unlevered cash flows relating to the acquisitive case
were discounted at a rate of 10.0% to 12.0%, which includes a 100 basis point
premium over the base case discount rate to account for incremental risk due to
an acquisitive strategy.
A range of terminal values for the acquisitive case
was calculated by multiplying projected 2005 EBITDA by a range of 8.0x to
10.0x.

   
The present value of the combined unlevered free cash flows and the combined
range of terminal asset values were then adjusted for Cendant's March 31, 2001
excess cash, option exercise proceeds and total debt.
Based on this analysis,
the discounted cash flow analysis indicated a range of equity values of between
$18.50 and $22.50 per share of CD common stock in the base case, and values
between $24.50 and $32.00 per share of CD common stock in the acquisitive case.

   
Public Trading Multiples.
Using publicly available information, JPMorgan
compared selected financial data, ratios and multiples of Cendant with similar
data, ratios and multiples for selected publicly traded companies engaged in
the diversified industries and services sector.

   
The companies selected by JPMorgan were:

   General Electric Company (excluding GE Capital)
   
Tyco International LTD.
   
PepsiCo, Inc.
   Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company
   United Technologies Corporation
   Emerson Electric Co.
   Raytheon Company
   The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.

   For each of these companies, publicly available financial performance
through the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 was measured.
In addition,
JPMorgan derived estimates of sales, EBITDA, and net earnings for calendar
years 2001 and 2002 from public equity analyst estimates.
JPMorgan conducted a
trading multiples analysis for the purpose of determining a fully diluted
equity value per share for CD common stock.
The analysis applied the P/E ratio
of 22.4x 2001 estimated earnings to Cendant's 2001 analyst estimated GAAP
earnings per share of $1.01 and the firm value to 2002 EBITDA multiple of 10.7x
to 2002 analyst estimated EBITDA of Cendant.
Based upon this range of
multiples, JPMorgan derived an implied equity value range of $22.50 to $25.00
per share of CD common stock.

   
Historical Common Stock Performance.
JPMorgan conducted a historical
analysis of the closing price of CD common stock based on closing prices on the
New York Stock Exchange over the time periods from June 13, 1998 to June 13,
2001 and June 13, 2000 to June 13, 2001.
JPMorgan noted that CD common stock
traded at a 3-year low of $7.50 per share, a 3-year high of $26.56 per share, a
52-week low of $8.50 per share and a 52-week high of $19.22 per share.

   
The summary set forth above is not a complete description of the analyses or
data presented by JPMorgan.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.
JPMorgan believes that Galileo's common stockholders must consider
its opinion, the summary and its analyses as a whole.
Selecting portions of
this summary and these analyses, without considering the analyses as a whole,
would create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and
opinion.
In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan considered the results of all of
the analyses as a whole.
No single factor or analysis was determinative of
JPMorgan's fairness determination.
Rather, the totality of the factors
considered and analyses performed operated collectively to support its
determination.
JPMorgan based its analysis on assumptions that it deemed
reasonable, including assumptions concerning general business and economic
conditions and industry specific factors.
This summary sets forth under the
description of each analysis the other principal assumptions upon which
JPMorgan based that analysis.
Analyses based upon forecasts of future results
are inherently uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events
beyond the control of the parties and their advisors.
Accordingly, these
forecasts and analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those
analyses.
Therefore, neither Galileo nor JPMorgan nor any other person assumes
responsibility if future results are materially different from those
forecasted.

   
The projections furnished to JPMorgan for Galileo were prepared by Galileo's
management.
Galileo does not publicly disclose internal management projections
of the type provided to JPMorgan in connection with JPMorgan's analysis of the
proposed merger, and such projections were not prepared with a view toward
public disclosure.
These projections were based on numerous variables and
assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of
management, including factors related to general economic and competitive
conditions and prevailing interest rates.
Accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from those set forth in such projections.

   
As a part of its investment banking business, JPMorgan and its affiliates
are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control
purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distribution of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for estate, corporate
and other purposes.
Galileo selected JPMorgan to deliver an opinion to the
Galileo board of directors with respect to the proposed merger on the basis of
such experience and its familiarity with Galileo.

   
JPMorgan acted as financial advisor to Galileo and the board of directors of
Galileo with respect to the proposed merger and will receive a fee from Galileo
for its services rendered to date.
JPMorgan will also receive an additional fee
if the proposed merger is consummated.
From time to time, JPMorgan and its
affiliates have provided investment banking services to Cendant and Galileo for
which they have received customary compensation.
In the ordinary course of
their businesses, JPMorgan and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and
equity securities of Galileo and/or affiliates thereof, as applicable, for its
own account or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, JPMorgan may at
any time hold long or short positions in such securities.


Stock Exchange Listing

   Cendant expects to receive authorization, subject to notice of issuance,
from the NYSE for the listing of CD common stock issuable pursuant to the
merger in exchange for Galileo common stock.
The trading symbol for CD common
stock is "CD."
Following the merger, Galileo stockholders will no longer be
able to trade shares of Galileo common stock on the NYSE or any other exchange
because the existing Galileo common stock will have ceased to exist and
therefore will no longer be listed on any exchange.


Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   
The following is a general summary of the material United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger to Galileo stockholders upon their
exchange of Galileo common stock for CD common stock and cash pursuant to the
merger.
This summary is based on provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, Treasury regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue
Code, and administrative and judicial interpretations of the Internal Revenue
Code, all as in effect as of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus.
There
can be no assurance that future legislative, administrative or judicial changes
or interpretations, which changes or interpretations could apply retroactively,
will not affect the accuracy of the statements or conclusions set forth in this
tax summary.
This summary is limited to Galileo stockholders that hold their
shares as capital assets and does not address the tax treatment to stockholders
that hold their shares through a partnership or other pass-through entity.
This
summary does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation
that may be applicable to Galileo stockholders in light of their particular
circumstances or to Galileo stockholders subject to special treatment under
United States federal income tax law, such as:

  .  
certain U.S. expatriates;

  .  
stockholders that hold Galileo common stock as part of a straddle,
     appreciated financial position, hedge, conversion transaction or other
     integrated investment;

  .  
Galileo stockholders whose functional currency is not the United States
     dollar;

  .  
Galileo stockholders who acquired Galileo common stock through the
     exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or
     through a tax-qualified retirement plan;

  .
foreign persons and entities;

  .
financial institutions;

  .
insurance companies;

  .
tax-exempt entities;

  .
dealers in securities; and

  .
traders in securities that mark-to-market.

   
Furthermore, this summary does not address any aspect of state, local or
foreign taxation.

 
General United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Galileo
 Stockholders

   Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP have
provided opinions to their respective clients, dated as of the effective date
of the registration statement of which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a
part, to the effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the
merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code.
In addition, Cendant's obligation to consummate the
merger is conditioned on the receipt by Cendant of an opinion of Skadden Arps
dated as of the effective date of the merger to the effect that, for United
States federal income tax purposes, the merger will qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Galileo's
obligation to consummate the merger is conditioned on the receipt by Galileo of
an opinion of Jones Day dated as of the effective date of the merger to the
effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
The opinions of Skadden Arps and of Jones Day will rely
on certain assumptions, including assumptions regarding the absence of changes
in existing facts and the completion of the merger strictly in accordance with
this proxy statement-prospectus and the merger agreement.
The opinions will
also rely on representations and covenants, including those contained in
officers' certificates of Cendant and Galileo.
If any of those assumptions or
representations are inaccurate, incomplete or untrue or any of the covenants
are breached, the conclusions contained in those opinions could be affected.

Neither these opinions nor the tax summary below will be binding on the IRS or
the courts, and no rulings will be sought from the IRS with regard to the tax
treatment of the merger and related transactions.
Accordingly, there can be no
certainty that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the
opinions or that a court would not sustain such a challenge.

   
Assuming that the merger is treated in accordance with the opinions of
counsel described above, the material United States federal income tax
consequences to a Galileo stockholder of the exchange of Galileo common stock
for CD common stock and cash pursuant to the merger will be as follows:

  .
A Galileo stockholder will recognize gain, but not loss, equal to the
    lesser of (1) the amount of cash received in the merger and (2) the
    amount equal to the excess, if any, of the sum of the amount of cash and
    the fair market value of the CD common stock received in the merger over
    that stockholder's adjusted tax basis in the Galileo common stock
    exchanged by the stockholder in the merger.
For this purpose, a Galileo
    stockholder must calculate gain or loss separately for each identifiable
    block of Galileo common stock exchanged by the stockholder in the merger,
    and the Galileo stockholder cannot utilize a loss realized on one block
    of its Galileo common stock to offset a gain realized on another block of
    its Galileo common stock.

  .
A Galileo stockholder will not recognize any loss in the merger (except,
    possibly, in connection with cash received instead of a fractional share,
    as discussed below).

  .
The gain recognized by a Galileo stockholder in the merger generally will
    constitute capital gain, unless, as discussed below, the receipt of cash
    has the effect of a distribution of a dividend for United States federal
    income tax purposes, in which case that gain will be treated as ordinary
    dividend income to the extent of the stockholder's ratable share of
    Galileo's earnings and profits.

  .
Any gain recognized by a Galileo stockholder in the merger that is
    treated as a capital gain will constitute long-term capital gain if the
    stockholder's holding period for the Galileo common stock exchanged in
    the merger is more than one year as of the date of the merger, and
    otherwise will constitute short-term capital gain.

  .
The aggregate tax basis of the shares of CD common stock received by a
    Galileo stockholder (before reduction for the basis in any fractional
    share of CD common stock for which cash is received) in exchange for
    Galileo common stock pursuant to the merger will be the same as the
    aggregate tax basis of the stockholder's Galileo common stock, decreased
    by the amount of cash received by the stockholder in the merger
    (excluding any cash received instead of a fractional share) and increased
    by the amount of gain recognized by the stockholder in the merger
    (including any portion of the gain that is treated as a dividend but
    excluding any gain recognized as a result of cash received instead of a
    fractional share).

  .
The holding period of the shares of CD common stock received by a Galileo
    stockholder in the merger will include the holding period of the
    stockholder's Galileo common stock.

 
Possible Treatment Of Cash As A Dividend

   In general, the determination of whether the gain recognized by a Galileo
stockholder will be treated as capital gain or a dividend will depend upon
whether, and to what extent, the merger reduces the Galileo stockholder's
deemed percentage stock ownership interest in Cendant, and upon such
stockholder's particular circumstances.
For purposes of this determination, a
Galileo stockholder will be treated as if the stockholder first exchanged all
of its Galileo common stock solely for CD common stock (instead of the
combination of CD common stock and cash actually received) and then Cendant
immediately redeemed a portion of that CD common stock in exchange for the cash
that the stockholder actually received in the merger.
The gain recognized in
the exchange followed by the deemed redemption will be treated as capital gain
if, with respect to the Galileo stockholder, the deemed redemption is
"substantially disproportionate" or "not essentially equivalent to a dividend.
"

   In general, the deemed redemption will be "substantially disproportionate"
with respect to a Galileo stockholder if the percentage described in (2) below
is less than 80% of the percentage described in (1) below.
Whether the deemed
redemption is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to a
Galileo stockholder will depend on the stockholder's particular circumstances.

In order for the deemed redemption to be "not essentially equivalent to a
dividend," the deemed redemption must result in a "meaningful reduction" in the
Galileo stockholder's deemed percentage stock ownership of CD common stock.
In
general, that determination requires a comparison of (1) the percentage of the
outstanding voting stock of Cendant that the Galileo stockholder is deemed
actually and constructively to have owned immediately before the deemed
redemption by Cendant and (2) the percentage of the outstanding voting stock of
Cendant actually and constructively owned by the stockholder immediately after
the deemed redemption by Cendant.
The IRS has indicated that a minority
stockholder in a publicly traded corporation whose relative stock interest is
minimal and who exercises no control with respect to corporate affairs will
experience a "meaningful reduction" if that stockholder has any reduction in
its percentage stock ownership under the foregoing analysis.
In applying the
foregoing tests, a stockholder may, under the constructive ownership rules, be
deemed to own stock that is owned by other persons or otherwise in addition to
the stock actually owned by that stockholder.
Because the constructive
ownership rules are complex, each Galileo stockholder should consult its own
tax advisor as to the applicability of these rules.

 
Cash Received Instead of a Fractional Share

   A Galileo stockholder who receives cash instead of a fractional share of CD
common stock will generally recognize capital gain or loss based on the
difference between the amount of the cash received instead of a fractional
share and the stockholder's tax basis in such fractional share.

 
Reporting Requirements

   Galileo stockholders receiving CD common stock in the merger should file a
statement with their United States federal income tax returns setting forth
their tax basis in the Galileo common stock exchanged in the merger and the
fair market value of the CD common stock and the amount of any cash received in
the merger.
In addition, Galileo stockholders will be required to retain
permanent records of these facts relating to the merger.

 
Backup Withholding

   Backup withholding at the applicable federal rate may apply with respect to
certain payments, including cash received in the merger, unless a Galileo
stockholder (1) is a corporation or comes within certain other exempt
categories and, when required, demonstrates this fact or (2) provides a correct
taxpayer identification number, certifies as to no loss of exemption from
backup withholding and that such stockholder is a U.S. person (including a U.S.
resident alien) and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the
backup withholding rules.
A Galileo stockholder who does not provide Cendant
(or the exchange agent) with its correct taxpayer identification number may be
subject to penalties imposed by the IRS.
Any amounts withheld under the backup
withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against the
stockholder's federal income tax liability, provided that the stockholder
furnishes certain required information to the IRS.

   
The summary of material United States federal income tax consequences set
forth above is intended to provide a general summary only and is not intended
to be a complete analysis or description of all potential United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger.
In addition, the summary does not
address tax consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual
circumstances.
Moreover, the summary does not address any non-income tax or any
foreign, state, local or other tax consequences of the merger.
The summary does
not address the tax consequences of any transaction other than the merger.

Accordingly, each Galileo stockholder is strongly urged to consult with a tax
advisor to determine the particular federal, state, local or foreign income,
reporting or other tax consequences of the merger to that stockholder.


Accounting Treatment

   The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for financial accounting
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States.
For purposes of preparing Cendant's consolidated financial
statements, Cendant will establish a new accounting basis for Galileo's assets
and liabilities based upon their fair values, the merger consideration and the
costs of the merger.
Cendant believes that any excess of cost over the fair
value of the net assets of Galileo will be recorded as goodwill and other
intangible assets.
A final determination of the intangible asset values and
required purchase accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the
purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
respective fair values, has not yet been made.
Cendant will determine the fair
value of Galileo's assets and liabilities and will make appropriate purchase
accounting adjustments, including adjustments to the amortization period of the
intangible assets, upon completion of that determination.
However, for purposes
of disclosing pro forma information in this proxy statement-prospectus, Cendant
has made a preliminary determination of the purchase price allocation, based
upon current estimates and assumptions, which is subject to revision upon
consummation of the merger.


Regulatory Approvals

   The merger agreement provides that Cendant and Galileo will use reasonable
best efforts to cooperate with one another in determining which filings with
governmental entities are required to be made prior to the effective time of
the merger and to timely make such filings.
If any administrative or judicial
action is instituted challenging any transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement as violative of any regulatory law, Cendant and Galileo have agreed
to cooperate in all respects with each other and use its respective reasonable
best efforts to have lifted or overturned any judgment or other order that
prohibits or restricts consummation of the merger.
However, nothing in the
merger agreement requires either Cendant or Galileo to sell, hold separate or
otherwise dispose of their assets or conduct their businesses differently,
whether as a condition to obtaining approval from a governmental entity or any
other person for any other reason.

   
The merger agreement also provides that if Cendant enters into an
acquisition agreement with a competitor of Galileo, and the closing of
Cendant's acquisition of Galileo is delayed due to delays in the receipt of
regulatory approvals primarily as a result of that action, the value of the
merger consideration may be affected in two ways.
First, if the closing is
delayed by more than 30 days after the special meeting, the measurement period
will be changed to the 20 consecutive trading days ending immediately preceding
the third trading day prior to the date of receipt of the last regulatory
approval, and the average trading price will be recalculated.
Second, if the
closing does not occur until after December 12, 2001, then Cendant will be
required to pay additional merger consideration, payable in CD common stock,
equal to simple interest on $33 calculated using the 30 day London Interbank
Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus 100 basis points.
In addition, if the closing of
Cendant's acquisition of Galileo is delayed due to delays in the receipt of
regulatory approvals primarily as a result of that action until March 31, 2002,
Cendant will promptly terminate the acquisition agreement with such competitor
of Galileo.

   
The regulatory approvals required to complete the merger are discussed
below.

 
HSR Act

   Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, Cendant and Galileo were required to give
notification and furnish information to the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and to wait the specified
waiting period before they can complete the merger.
Each of Galileo and Cendant
filed the required notification and report forms with the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division on June 26, 2001.
Cendant and Galileo
received early termination of the statutory waiting period under the HSR Act
from the Federal Trade Commission on July 9, 2001.

 
Foreign Regulatory Filings

   Under Regulation (EEC) No. 4064/89 of the Council of the European Union, the
merger may not be consummated until the Commission of the European Communities
(the "European Commission") has granted its approval of the transaction.
The
requisite notification was filed with respect to the merger with the European
Commission on July 5, 2001.
The European Commission has until August 6, 2001 to
review the transaction.
This initial review period may be extended for up to an
additional four months if the European Commission decides to conduct a full
investigation of the merger.

   
Completion of the merger requires the approval and consent of the Treasurer
of the Commonwealth of Australia under the Foreign Acquisition and Takeovers
Act 1975(th).
The requisite notification was filed with respect to the merger
with the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) on July 6, 2001.
The FIRB has
30 days after receiving the notice to make any order in relation to the
proposed transaction and 10 additional days in which to notify the parties once
a decision has been made.
After this 40-day period expires, which is scheduled
to occur on August 16, 2001, the FIRB loses the ability either to block the
transaction or impose conditions on its approval.
The FIRB may, however, extend
its examination period for a further 90 days.

   
The Competition Act of Canada and accompanying regulations require
notification to Canada's Commissioner of Competition of mergers involving the
acquisition of the assets or shares of an operating business in Canada where
the acquisition exceeds prescribed financial thresholds and in the case of
share acquisitions, prescribed voting interest thresholds.
Notification to the
Commissioner and the expiration or earlier termination or waiver of the
applicable waiting period are required before the merger can be completed.

Galileo and Cendant filed formal notifications with the Competition Commission
on July 18, 2001 and on July 16, 2001 requested an advance ruling certificate
from the Competition Commission to the effect that the Commissioner does not
have sufficient grounds upon which to challenge the merger before the Canadian
Competition Tribunal in due course.
The time period in which the Commissioner
has to consider the merger is initially 14 days for a short-form filing, unless
the Commissioner requires a long-form filing in which case the time period is
42 days.

   
Completion of the merger requires the approval and consent of the
Competition Commission of South Africa under the Competition Act No. 89 of
1998.
The requisite notification was filed with respect to the

merger on July 12, 2001.
The time period in which the Competition Commission
has to consider the merger is initially 30 business days.
The Commission may
extend this period for a further 60 business days.
If upon expiration of the
initial 30 business days, the Commission has not issued a certificate extending
the time period for a further 60 business days, the merger is deemed to have
been approved.
In addition, if upon the expiration of the 60 business days, the
Commission has not issued a certificate approving the merger, the merger will
be deemed to have been approved.

   
Cendant and Galileo are not aware of any other foreign governmental
approvals or actions that may be required for consummation of the merger.

Nonetheless, in connection with the merger, the laws of a number of foreign
countries and jurisdictions in which Galileo conducts its business may require
the filing of information with, or the obtaining of the approval or consent of,
governmental authorities in those countries and jurisdictions.
The governments
in those countries and jurisdictions might attempt to impose additional
conditions on Galileo's operations conducted in those countries and
jurisdictions as a result of the merger.
If such approvals or consents are
found to be required, the parties intend to make the appropriate filings and
applications.
In the event that a filing or application is made for the
requisite foreign approvals or consents, there can be no assurance that those
approvals or consents will be granted and, if those approvals or consents are
received, there can be no assurance as to the date of those approvals or
consents.
Galileo and Cendant are vigorously pursuing all required approvals.

 
Federal Communications Commission

   Galileo holds authorizations issued by the U.S. Federal Communications
Commission to provide, among other things, global facilities-based and resale
services.
Galileo and Cendant must obtain prior FCC approval in order to
transfer control of the FCC authorizations from Galileo to Cendant.
Galileo and
Cendant have filed the appropriate transfer of control applications with the
FCC and expect to obtain approval to transfer control of the FCC authorizations
prior to completion of the merger.

 
Third-party Approvals

   Galileo is a party to a number of loan agreements, lease agreements and
other agreements.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, Galileo has agreed to use
its reasonable best efforts to obtain all consents, approvals and waivers from
third parties.


Appraisal Rights

   Under Delaware law, if the merger is consummated, any Galileo stockholder of
record who objects to the merger in accordance with the statutory requirement
of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may elect to have his or
her shares of Galileo common stock appraised under the procedures of Delaware
law and to be paid the fair value of his or her shares.
Under Section 262, only
holders of record of Galileo common stock are entitled to appraisal rights, and
any such holders electing to exercise appraisal rights must comply with the
provisions of Section 262 in order to perfect their rights.
A copy of Section
262 is attached to this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex E.

   The following is intended as a brief summary of the material provisions of
the Delaware statutory procedures required to be followed by a Galileo
stockholder in order to dissent from the merger and perfect his or her
appraisal rights.
This summary, however, is not a complete statement of all
applicable requirements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

   
Under Section 262, Galileo is required to notify stockholders not less than
20 days before the special meeting to vote on the merger that appraisal rights
will be available.
A copy of Section 262 must be included with that notice.

This proxy statement-prospectus constitutes Galileo's notice to its
stockholders of the availability of appraisal rights in connection with the
merger in compliance with the requirements of Section 262.
If you wish to
consider exercising your appraisal rights, you should carefully review the text
of

Section 262 contained in Annex E.
If you fail to timely and properly comply
with the requirements of Section 262, your appraisal rights under Delaware law
may be lost.

   
If you elect to demand appraisal of your shares of Galileo common stock, you
must satisfy each of the following conditions:

  .  
You must deliver to Galileo a written demand for appraisal of your
     shares before the vote is taken on the merger agreement at the special
     meeting.
This written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and
     separate from any proxy or vote abstaining from or voting against the
     merger.
Voting against or failing to vote for the merger by itself does
     not constitute a demand for appraisal under Section 262.

  .  
You must not vote in favor of the merger.
A vote in favor of the merger,
     by proxy or in person, will constitute a waiver of your appraisal rights
     and will nullify any previously filed written demands for appraisal.

  .  
You must continuously hold your Galileo common stock through the
     effective time of the merger.

   
If you fail to comply with any of these conditions and the merger is
completed, you will lose your appraisal rights with respect to your shares of
Galileo common stock.
All demands for appraisal should be addressed to:

                          Galileo International, Inc.
                       9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400
                            Rosemont, Illinois 60018
                         Attention: Corporate Secretary

   The written demand must identify the Galileo stockholder and state that the
stockholder intends to demand appraisal of his or her shares of Galileo common
stock.
A person having a beneficial interest in shares of Galileo common stock
that are held of record in the name of another person, such as a broker,
fiduciary, depositary or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record
holder to follow the steps summarized herein properly and in a timely manner to
perfect appraisal rights.
An authorized agent may execute the demand for
appraisal for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the
record owner and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand,
such person is acting as agent for the record owner.
If a stockholder holds
shares through a broker who in turn holds the shares through a central
securities depositary nominee such as Cede & Co., a demand for appraisal of
such shares must be made by or on behalf of the depository nominee and must
identify the depository nominee as record holder.

   
Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, Galileo must give
written notice that the merger has become effective to each Galileo stockholder
who has properly sent a written demand for appraisal and who did not vote in
favor of the merger.
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger,
either Galileo or any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Chancery Court demanding a
determination of the value of the shares held by all stockholders entitled to
appraisal.
Galileo has no obligation to file such a petition in the event there
are dissenting stockholders.
Accordingly, any stockholders who desire to have
their shares appraised should initiate any petition necessary for the
perfection of their appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner
prescribed by Section 262.
If a petition is not filed within the 120-day
period, all appraisal rights relating to Galileo common stock will terminate
and all stockholders will be entitled to the merger consideration.

   
At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, any
dissenting stockholder may withdraw in writing the demand for appraisal.
If a
Galileo stockholder withdraws his or her demand, the stockholder will only be
entitled to receive the merger consideration specified by the merger agreement
for his or her shares of Galileo common stock.
Any attempt to withdraw an
appraisal demand more than 60 days after the effective time of the merger will
require the written approval of the surviving corporation and no appraisal
proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the court, which approval may be
conditioned on such terms as the court deems just.
Within 120 days after the

effective time of the merger, any stockholder who has complied with Section 262
will be entitled, upon written request, to receive a statement setting forth
the aggregate number of shares of Galileo common stock not voted in favor of
the merger with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and
the aggregate number of holders of such shares.
If a petition for appraisal is
duly filed by a dissenting stockholder and a copy of the petition is delivered
to Galileo, within 20 days after receiving such service, Galileo must file with
the Delaware Chancery Court a duly verified list containing the names and
addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an appraisal of their shares.

After notice to dissenting stockholders, the Delaware Chancery Court is
empowered to conduct a hearing upon the petition to determine those
stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and who are entitled to
appraisal rights.
The Delaware Chancery Court may require the stockholders who
have demanded appraisal to submit their stock certificates to the Register in
Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings.
If
any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Delaware Chancery
Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder.

   
After determination of the stockholders entitled to appraisal rights, the
Delaware Chancery Court will appraise the shares of Galileo common stock owned
by such stockholders, determining the fair value of such shares exclusive of
any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the
amount determined to be the fair value.

   
Although Galileo believes that the merger consideration to be received by
Galileo stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement is fair, no
representation is made as to the outcome of the appraisal of fair value as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and stockholders should recognize
that such an appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or
lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration.
Galileo does not
anticipate offering more than the merger consideration to any stockholder
exercising appraisal rights and reserves the right to assert, in any appraisal
proceeding, that, for purposes of Section 262, the "fair value" of a share of
Galileo common stock is less than the merger consideration.
In determining
"fair value," the court is required to take into account all relevant factors.

In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that "proof of
value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in
the financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should be considered
and that "[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors
involving the value of a company."
The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that
in making this determination of fair value the court must consider market
value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise
and any other facts which could be ascertained as of the date of the merger
which throw any light on future prospects of the merged corporation.
Section
262 provides that fair value is to be "exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger."
In Cede & Co. v.
Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a
"narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value," but which
rather applies only to the speculative elements of value arising from such
accomplishment or expectation.
In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court
construed Section 262 to mean that "elements of future value, including the
nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the
date of the merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered.
"

   
The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Delaware Court
of Chancery and taxed against the parties as the court deems equitable in the
circumstances.
However, costs do not include attorneys' and expert witness
fees.
Each dissenting stockholder is responsible for his or her attorneys' and
expert witness expenses, although, upon application of a dissenting
stockholder, the court may order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred
by any dissenting stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding,
including reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be
charged pro rata against the value of all shares of stock entitled to
appraisal.

   
Any stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will not, after the
effective time of the merger, be entitled to vote his or her shares for any
purpose or to receive payments of dividends or any other distribution with
respect to such shares (other than with respect to payment as of a record date
prior to the effective time of the merger).

   
In view of the complexity of Section 262, Galileo stockholders who may wish
to dissent from the merger and pursue appraisal rights should consult their
legal advisors.

   
Failure to take any required step in connection with exercising appraisal
rights may result in the termination or waiver of such rights.


Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

   
In considering the recommendation of the Galileo board with respect to the
merger agreement, stockholders of Galileo should be aware that certain
directors and executive officers of Galileo have interests in the merger that
are in addition to their interests as stockholders of Galileo generally.
The
Galileo board was aware of these interests and considered them, among other
matters, in approving the merger.

 
Cendant Director

   The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger,
Cendant will expand its board of directors by one seat and will nominate and
appoint an individual that has been designated by the Galileo board and is
reasonably satisfactory to Cendant to serve on the Cendant board in the class
of directors whose term expires in 2004.
Under the terms of the merger
agreement, the individual designated by Galileo must have no relationship to
Cendant that may interfere with the exercise of his or her independence from
Cendant and its management.
At this time, the Galileo board has not yet
designated such director.

 
Acceleration of Vesting of Stock Options

   Galileo has issued stock options to certain directors, officers and
employees under Galileo's stock option and equity incentive plans.
Under the
terms of the merger agreement, all options to acquire shares of Galileo common
stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger,
whether or not then exercisable, will be converted into options of Cendant in
amounts and at exercise prices as determined in the merger agreement.
The terms
of each option will otherwise remain subject to the terms of the applicable
option plan and agreements as in effect immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger.
Accordingly, the stock options granted to Galileo's executive
officers will become immediately vested and exercisable at the effective time
of the merger.
Furthermore, subsequent to the merger, stock options and stock
appreciation rights previously granted to other employees who are not executive
officers will, by their terms, become immediately vested and exercisable in the
event that the employee's employment with Galileo is terminated other than for
cause within two years of the merger.

   
As a result of the foregoing, Galileo stock options held by its directors
and executive officers will immediately vest upon the effectiveness of the
merger as follows:

                                   
In-The-Money Options(1)                  
Total Options
                             -----------------------------------
-----------------------------------
                                 Number of      Weighted Average     Number of      Weighted Average
                             Unvested Shares to  Exercise Price  Unvested Shares to  Exercise Price
             Name             Vest Upon Merger    Per Share(2)    
Vest Upon Merger    Per Share(2)
             
----            
------------------
---------------- ------------------ ----------------

   Directors
     Graham W. Atkinson....           --                --                --                --
     Cheryl Ballenger......        20,600            $24.53            22,267            $26.29
     James E. Barlett......       203,200             25.30           339,267             32.23
     Wim Dik...............        10,000             27.41            10,000             27.41
     Mina Gouran...........         1,000             27.41             1,000             27.41
     Matthew F.C. Miau.....         1,000             27.41             1,000             27.41
     Andrew P. Studdert....           --                --                --                --
     Anthony C. Swanagan...        22,467             24.53            23,800             25.85
     Kenneth Whipple.......         1,000             27.41             1,000             27.41
   Other Executive Officers
     Lyn Bulman............        37,067             25.27            43,733             28.74
     Babetta R. Gray.......        63,800             25.03            72,466             27.78
     James E. Lubinski.....        
77,067             25.09            89,067             28.19
     David A. Near.........        43,667             25.22            53,333             29.36
     Ron Thornhill.........        12,000             24.53            16,667             29.33

- --------
(1)  In-The-Money Options represent options with exercise prices of less than
     $33.00 per share.

(2)  Upon conversion of Galileo stock options into Cendant stock options, the
     exercise price per share of CD common stock under each converted stock
     option will equal the exercise price per share under the Galileo stock
     option divided by the option exchange ratio.
The option exchange ratio is
     the quotient derived by dividing $33.00 by Cendant's average trading
     price, subject to a collar of 1.65000 and approximately 1.94118.

   
In addition, under the terms of the Galileo non-employee director stock plan
and the stockholders' agreement, Galileo pays to each holder of special voting
preferred stock the cash equivalent of the options that their director
designees would otherwise receive as non-employee directors under the plan.

Payments under the plan to United in the aggregate amount of $127,224 will
become vested upon the effectiveness of the merger.

 
Strategic Alternatives Bonus Payment

   The compensation committee of Galileo's board approved a strategic
alternatives bonus plan that provides for a bonus pool to be funded to pay the
chief executive officer of Galileo and certain other senior executives,
including Ms. Ballenger and Mr. Swanagan, a strategic alternatives bonus
payment upon consummation of a business combination such as the proposed
merger.
The bonus pool is equal to 0.50% (one-half of one percent) of the
transaction value of the merger, which is defined as the equity purchase price,
plus assumed debt, minus available cash at the time the merger transaction
closes.
The equity purchase price refers to the total price paid to acquire the
outstanding securities of Galileo.
If the equity purchase price per share is
less than $27.00, no strategic alternatives bonus payments will be paid.
For
illustrative purposes, based upon (1) an assumed equity purchase price of $33
per share of Galileo common stock; and (2) the shares of Galileo common stock
outstanding, debt and available cash at June 30, 2001, the strategic
alternatives bonus pool would be approximately $17,700,000.

   
The amount of each executive's award will be determined by the compensation
committee upon recommendation of the chief executive officer.
Such amounts will
be payable at the effective time of the merger.
In the event that the
employment of a designated executive is terminated prior to the effective time

other than for cause, that executive will remain eligible to receive the
strategic alternatives bonus payment.
If the designated executive's employment
with Galileo is voluntarily terminated by the executive prior to the effective
time, no strategic alternative bonus payment will be payable to that executive.

The individual payments to the chief executive officer and senior executives
have not yet been determined.

 
Restricted Stock

   Galileo granted to Mr. Barlett restricted stock awards of 48,950 shares each
on June 18, 1998 and June 18, 1999, of which 44,055 shares are currently
subject to forfeiture under the terms of the award agreements.
At the effective
time of the merger, the restrictions on these shares will lapse, the shares
will become immediately vested and Mr. Barlett will receive the merger
consideration for these shares.

 
Employment Agreements

   Galileo has in place employment agreements with its chief executive officer
and each of its other executive officers, which contain change in control
provisions.

   
Chief Executive Officer.
James E. Barlett is a party to an employment
agreement with Galileo, dated April 27, 2001.
The term of his employment
agreement continues for three years, but is automatically renewed every April
27 for an additional year, such that there is always three years remaining in
the term of the agreement on April 27 of each year.
The agreement provides for
a salary of $703,500 per annum, reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the
Galileo board and increased upon approval of the Galileo board.
The agreement
also provides for Mr. Barlett's participation in Galileo's incentive and
benefit plans as well as an airfare and car allowance.
The agreement may be
terminated immediately by Galileo for "Cause" or by Mr. Barlett with "Good
Reason" (as these terms are defined in the employment agreement).

   
If Mr. Barlett's employment agreement is terminated by Galileo without Cause
or by Mr. Barlett for Good Reason, within 30 days after termination, Galileo
must pay Mr. Barlett (1) a lump sum equal to the sum of Mr. Barlett's annual
salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination through the termination
date, to the extent not theretofore paid, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have received under the Management
Incentive Plan ("MIP") attributable to the year in which termination occurred,
assuming 100% target achievement; multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of days in such year through the termination date and the
denominator of which is 365; and (2) a lump sum equal to Mr. Barlett's annual
salary at its rate in effect at the termination date, for a period of 12 months
or the remaining term of the agreement, whichever is less, plus an amount equal
to the annual incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have received under the
MIP attributable to the year in which termination occurred, assuming 100%
target achievement.
In addition, commencing 12 months after the date of
termination, and for a period of 24 months or the remaining term of the
agreement following the date that is 12 months after the termination date,
whichever is less, Galileo would be required to pay Mr. Barlett an additional
amount equal to Mr. Barlett's annual salary, payable on a monthly basis, plus a
monthly amount equal to one-twelfth of the amount Mr. Barlett would have earned
under the MIP for that year, assuming a 100% target achievement.
The monthly
payments will be decreased to reflect income generated by Mr. Barlett from any
other employment or business activities, other than income from personal
investments.
Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits to Mr. Barlett
for a 24-month period following a termination without Cause or a resignation
for Good Reason, or until Mr. Barlett becomes entitled to receive benefits from
another employer.

   
If Mr. Barlett's employment agreement is terminated by Galileo without Cause
prior to a "Change in Control" (as such term is defined in the agreement) as a
condition of the agreement to which the Change in Control occurs, or if Galileo
terminates the agreement without Cause within two years following a Change in
Control, or if Mr. Barlett terminates the agreement with Good Reason within two
years following a Change in Control, within 30 days after termination, Galileo
must pay Mr. Barlett (1) a lump sum equal to the sum of Mr. Barlett's annual
salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination through the termination
date, to the extent not theretofore paid, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have

received under the MIP attributable to the year in which termination occurred,
assuming 100% target achievement, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of days in such year through the termination date and the
denominator of which is 365, and (2) a lump sum equal to the sum of Mr.
Barlett's annual salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination, plus
an amount equal to the annual incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have
received under the MIP attributable to the 12-month period following the date
of termination, assuming a performance target achievement rate calculated as
the average of the rates used to calculate MIP payments, or any payment made to
Mr. Barlett instead of MIP payments, in the three years immediately prior to
the termination date for which these payments have been calculated and made,
multiplied by the number three.
Galileo also will provide group insurance
benefits to Mr. Barlett for three years following a termination without Cause
or a resignation for Good Reason within the applicable Change in Control time
periods or until Mr. Barlett becomes entitled to receive benefits from another
employer.

   
Other Executive Officers.
Cheryl Ballenger, Lyn Bulman, Babetta R. Gray,
James E. Lubinski, David A. Near, Anthony Swanagan and Ron Thornhill are each
party to an employment agreement with Galileo.
Each of these agreements is
dated April 11, 2001, except for the agreement with Ms. Ballenger, which is
dated May 17, 2001, and the agreement with Mr. Thornhill, which is dated May
18, 2000, as amended May 4, 2001.
The agreements provide for a base salary per
annum of $330,000, $197,500, $306,000, $397,500, $250,000, $176,000 and
$216,300, respectively, reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the Galileo
board and increased at its discretion.
The agreements provide for participation
in Galileo's incentive and benefit plans as well as a car allowance.
The term
of each of these agreements continues indefinitely until terminated by Galileo
or the executive.
Each of the agreements may be terminated immediately by
Galileo with "Cause" or by the executive with "Good Reason" (as these terms are
defined in the agreement).

   
If any of the agreements is terminated by Galileo without Cause or by the
executive for Good Reason, within 30 days after termination, Galileo must pay
the executive (i) a lump sum equal to the sum of the executive's annual salary
at the rate in effect at the time of termination through the termination date,
to the extent not theretofore paid, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation the executive would have received under the MIP
attributable to the year in which termination occurred, assuming 100% target
achievement, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
days in such year through the termination date and the denominator of which is
365, and (ii) a lump sum equal to the executive's annual salary at its rate in
effect at the termination date plus an amount equal to the amount of annual
incentive compensation the executive would have received under the MIP for that
12 month period assuming a 100% target achievement.
In addition, commencing 12
months after the date of termination and for 12 months thereafter, Galileo must
pay the executive an additional amount equal to the executive's annual salary
at the rate in effect at the time of termination on a monthly basis, plus a
monthly amount equal to one-twelfth of the amount the executive would have
earned under the MIP for that year, assuming a 100% target achievement.
Such
monthly payments are decreased to reflect income generated by the executive
from any other employment or business activities, other than income from
personal investments.
Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits to the
executive for the lesser of a 24-month period or until the executive becomes
entitled to receive benefits from another employer.

   
If any of the agreements is terminated by Galileo without Cause prior to a
"Change in Control" (as such term is defined in the agreements) as a condition
of the agreement to which the Change in Control occurs, or if Galileo
terminates any of the agreements without Cause within two years following a
Change in Control, or if the executive terminates his or her respective
agreement with Good Reason within two years following a Change in Control,
within 30 days after termination, Galileo must pay the executive (1) a lump sum
equal to the sum of the executive's annual salary at the rate in effect at the
time of termination through the termination date, to the extent not theretofore
paid, plus an amount equal to the annual incentive compensation the executive
would have received under the MIP attributable to the year in which termination
occurred, assuming 100% target achievement, multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the number of days in such year through the termination
date and the denominator of which is 365, and (2) a lump sum equal to three
times (two times in the case of Mr. Thornhill) the executive's salary, at its
rate in effect at the termination date, plus

an amount equal to three times (two times in the case of Mr. Thornhill) the
annual incentive compensation the executive would have received under the MIP,
assuming 100% of target achievement for Mr. Thornhill and, with respect to the
other executive officers, assuming a performance target achievement rate
calculated as the average of the rates used to calculate MIP payments, or any
payment made to the executive instead of MIP payments, in the three years
immediately prior to the termination date for which these payments have been
calculated and paid.
Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits to the
executive for a period of 36 months (24 months in the case of Mr. Thornhill),
or until the executive becomes entitled to receive benefits from another
employer.

   
Payments Resulting from the Merger.
Approval of the merger agreement by
Galileo's stockholders will constitute a "change in control" as defined in
those agreements.
It is presently estimated, based upon certain assumptions and
data available as of a recent date, that if these executives' employment is
terminated within the time period specified in the employment agreements under
circumstances entitling those persons to severance benefits under their
employment agreements, those persons will be entitled to severance benefits
approximately in the following amounts:

                                                                      Severance
   Name                                                                Benefit
   ----                                                               ----------

   James E Barlett................................................... $4,770,716
   James E. Lubinski.................................................  2,328,474
   Cheryl M. Ballenger...............................................  1,935,620
   Babetta R. Gray...................................................  1,795,938
   David A. Near.....................................................  1,470,015
   Lyn Bulman........................................................  1,164,462
   Anthony C. Swanagan...............................................  1,039,331
   Ron Thornhill.....................................................    
729,076

   The severance benefit amounts shown in the table include the cash severance
payment, management incentive bonus component, and an estimated value of
continued welfare benefits as set forth in the executive's employment
agreement.
Such amounts do not take into account (1) the strategic alternatives
bonus payments described above; (2) the value of acceleration of stock option
and restricted stock awards; or (3) the excise tax gross-up payment that is
required under Mr. Barlett's employment agreement.
Under Mr. Barlett's
employment agreement (but not the employment agreements of Galileo's other
executive officers)
Galileo is obligated to pay Mr. Barlett (1) an additional
amount to cover any liability on his part for excise taxes on any "excess
parachute payments" under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code paid to him
as a result of the completion of the merger, plus (2) a further amount to cover
any liability on his part for all taxes (including income taxes) arising as a
result of the payment to him of such additional amount.
These payments are
collectively known as an excise tax gross-up payment.
The estimated excise tax
gross-up payment to Mr. Barlett is $2,154,257, plus 54.9% of any strategic
alternatives bonus payment that he receives.

 
Indemnification and Insurance.

   
Under the merger agreement, Cendant agreed to provide certain continuing
indemnification and insurance benefits for officers, directors and employees of
Galileo.
See "The Merger Agreement--Indemnification and Insurance."


Redemption of Special Voting Preferred Stock from Certain Stockholders

   In addition to Galileo common stock, Galileo has issued and outstanding
special voting preferred stock.
This outstanding special voting preferred stock
is divided into three series, each series consisting of one share and entitling
the holder to elect one director so long as certain Galileo common stock
ownership thresholds are maintained.
Based upon the number of shares of special
voting preferred stock outstanding and related Galileo common stock ownership,
the special voting preferred stock holders are entitled to elect a total of
three

members to the Galileo board.
The respective holders of the special voting
preferred stock are entitled to elect their director designee, voting as a
separate class.
See "Comparison of Rights of Stockholders of Galileo and
Cendant."
On July 17, 2001, SAirGroup's designee on the Galileo board resigned
his position.
SAirGroup has advised Galileo that it does not intend to appoint
a successor.

   
The outstanding special voting preferred stock currently is held by two
entities that are respectively controlled by United and SAirGroup.
As of June
30, 2001, United and SAirGroup held in the aggregate 18.2% and 8.0%,
respectively, of Galileo common stock.
See "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners And Management of Galileo Common Stock.
"

   Under the terms of Galileo's certificate of incorporation and the merger
agreement, all shares of special voting preferred stock outstanding at the
effective time of the merger will automatically and immediately be redeemed by
Galileo for an amount equal to $100 per share (the preferred redemption price)
and any directors elected to the Galileo board by holders of special voting
preferred stock will, at the effective time of the merger, be deemed to have
resigned from the Galileo board.
All funds necessary to pay the preferred
redemption price and any expenses relating to the redemption of the special
voting preferred stock will come solely from Galileo.
See "The Merger
Agreement."


Delisting and Deregistration of Galileo Common Stock

   If the merger is completed, the shares of Galileo common stock will be
delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.
Consequently, following completion of the merger, Galileo stockholders
will no longer be able to trade shares of Galileo common stock on any stock
exchange.


Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates of Galileo

   The shares of CD common stock to be issued to Galileo stockholders in the
merger have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933.
These shares may
be traded freely and without restriction by those stockholders not deemed to be
"affiliates" of Galileo as that term is defined under the Securities Act.
An
affiliate of a corporation, as defined by the rules promulgated under the
Securities Act, is a person who directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
that corporation.
Any subsequent transfer by an affiliate of Galileo must be
one permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 145 promulgated under the
Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
These
restrictions are expected to apply to the directors and executive officers of
Galileo (as well as to certain other related individuals or entities, including
United and SAirGroup).

                          
THE GALILEO SPECIAL MEETING

Purpose, Time and Place

   The special meeting will be held at The Westin O'Hare Hotel, 6100 North
River Road, Rosemont, Illinois on Thursday, August 30, 2001, at 9:00 a.m.,
Central Time, unless postponed or adjourned to a later date.
The purpose of the
special meeting is for the Galileo stockholders to consider and vote upon a
proposal to adopt the merger agreement and possibly any adjournments or
postponements of the special meeting.
It is currently contemplated that no
other matters will be considered at the special meeting.

   
The Galileo board has approved the merger agreement and has determined that
the merger agreement and the merger are advisable and in the best interest of
Galileo and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the Galileo board recommends that
Galileo stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement at the
special meeting.


Record Date; Voting Power

   The Galileo board of directors has fixed the close of business (5:00 p.m.,
Eastern Time) on July 23, 2001 as the record date for determining the holders
of Galileo common stock entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special
meeting.
Only holders of record of Galileo common stock at the close of
business on the record date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
special meeting.
Holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock do not have
the right to vote at the special meeting.

   
On the record date, approximately 87,611,000 shares of Galileo common stock
were issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Holders of record of Galileo common stock are entitled to one vote per share on
any matter which may properly come before the special meeting.
If you are a
record holder of Galileo common stock on the record date, you may vote your
shares of Galileo common stock in person at the special meeting or by proxy as
described below under "Voting of Proxies.
"

   
The record stockholder number does not include the number of persons whose
Galileo common stock is in nominee or "street name" accounts through brokers.

If you hold your shares of Galileo common stock in this manner, you must follow
the instructions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct your broker
to vote your shares.
Most banks and brokers have provisions for telephone and
Internet voting.
Check the material sent to you by them, or call your account
representative for more information.

   
A quorum is present at the special meeting if a majority of the outstanding
shares of Galileo common stock is represented in person or by proxy.
A quorum
is necessary to hold the special meeting.
Any shares of Galileo common stock
held in treasury by Galileo or any of its subsidiaries are not considered to be
outstanding for purposes of determining a quorum.
Once a share of Galileo
common stock is represented at the special meeting, it will be counted for the
purpose of determining a quorum at the special meeting and any adjournment of
the special meeting unless the holder is present solely to object to the
special meeting.
If a quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is
expected that the special meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit
additional proxies.
However, if a new record date is set for the adjourned
meeting, then a new quorum will have to be established.
Abstentions and broker
non-votes (which are shares held by brokers in street name that are not
entitled to vote at the special meeting due to the absence of specific
instructions from the beneficial owners of those shares) will be treated as
present at the special meeting for purposes of determining the presence or
absence of a quorum for the transaction of business.

   
In connection with the merger agreement, Galileo entered into a stock option
agreement with Cendant, whereby Galileo granted to Cendant an option to
purchase up to 17,041,071 shares of Galileo common stock at an exercise price
of $33.00 per share, which is exercisable by Cendant upon the occurrence of
certain conditions specified in the stock option agreement.
If Cendant proposes
to exercise its option following the

record date of the special meeting, Galileo has agreed, at Cendant's request
given no later than five days prior to the Galileo special meeting, subject to
the fiduciary duties of the Galileo board, to fix a new record date and to hold
the special meeting at a time that provides Cendant the opportunity to vote its
Galileo common stock at that meeting.
As of the date of this proxy statement-
prospectus, the option is not exercisable.


Vote Required to Adopt the Merger Agreement

   The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Galileo
common stock outstanding on the record date is required to adopt the merger
agreement.
No vote of the holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock is
needed.
Under Delaware law, a Galileo stockholder who abstains from voting or
who does not vote will have the same effect as if the stockholder had voted
against the adoption of the merger agreement.
Brokers who hold shares of
Galileo common stock as nominees will not have discretionary authority to vote
such shares in the absence of instructions from the beneficial owners of those
shares.
Any shares that are not voted because the nominee-broker lacks such
discretionary authority will be counted and have the same effect as a vote
against the adoption of the merger agreement.


Share Ownership of Management and Certain Stockholders

   As of the record date, Galileo directors and executive officers as a group
owned and were entitled to vote less than one percent of the outstanding shares
of Galileo common stock.
Each of the directors and executive officers of
Galileo that is entitled to vote at the Galileo special meeting has indicated
that they intend to vote their shares in favor of adoption of the merger
agreement.

   
At June 30, 2001, United, as the parent of Covia, owned and was entitled to
vote 15,940,000 or approximately 18.2% of the outstanding shares of Galileo
common stock.
United and Covia have agreed to vote in favor of adoption of the
merger agreement pursuant to the terms of the voting agreement.
See "The Voting
Agreement.
"

   Under the stock option agreement, Cendant has an option to purchase up to
17,041,071 shares of Galileo common stock.
If Cendant proposes to exercise its
option following the record date of the special meeting, Galileo has agreed,
subject to the fiduciary duties of the Galileo board, to fix a new record date
and to hold the special meeting at a time that provides Cendant the opportunity
to vote its Galileo common stock at that meeting.
Cendant may not acquire
shares pursuant to the stock option agreement unless the voting agreement with
United has been terminated and certain other conditions have been satisfied.
As
of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus, the option is not exercisable.

See "The Stock Option Agreement.
"

Voting of Proxies

   If you vote your shares of Galileo common stock by signing a proxy and
returning it in time for the special meeting, your shares will be voted at the
special meeting in the manner specified in your proxy card.
If your proxy is
properly executed but does not contain voting instructions, your proxy will be
voted FOR adoption of the merger agreement, unless the Galileo board changes it
recommendation concerning the merger before you have signed and dated your
proxy, in which case executed proxies without voting instructions will be voted
in proportion to all specified proxies that have been voted.
If other matters
are properly presented before the special meeting, the persons named in your
proxy will have authority to vote in accordance with their judgment on any
other such matter, including, any proposal to adjourn or postpone the meeting
or otherwise concerning the conduct of the meeting.
However, a proxy that has
been designated to vote against the adoption of the merger agreement will not
be voted, either directly or through a separate proposal, to adjourn the
meeting to solicit additional votes.
It is not expected that any matter other
than as described in this proxy statement-prospectus will be brought before the
special meeting.

   
You may also submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet.
The
telephone and Internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate votes
cast by use of a personal identification number.
These procedures

allow stockholders to appoint a proxy to vote their shares and to confirm that
their instructions have been properly recorded.
Instructions for voting by
telephone and over the Internet are printed on the proxy cards.
Please be
advised that if you vote your proxy by calling the toll-free number or by using
the Internet, the deadline for submitting or revoking your proxy by telephone
or over the Internet is 11:59 p.m., Central time, on August 28, 2001.

   
If you hold your shares in nominee or "street name" (which is the name of a
broker, bank or other record holder)
you must either direct the record holder
of your shares on how to vote your shares or obtain a proxy from the record
holder to vote at the meeting.


Revocability of Proxies

   If you complete and mail the enclosed proxy card, it will not preclude you
from voting in person at the special meeting.
If you are a record holder of
Galileo common stock, you may revoke a proxy at any time prior to your proxy
being voted at the special meeting by:

  .  
delivering, prior to the special meeting, to Corporate Secretary,
     Galileo International, Inc., 9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400,
     Rosemont, Illinois 60018, a written notice of revocation bearing a later
     date or time than your proxy;

  .  
submitting a later-dated proxy that is properly executed;

  .  
submitting a later-dated proxy using the telephone voting procedures or
     the Internet voting procedures.
The deadline for revoking your proxy by
     telephone or over the Internet is 11:59 p.m., Central time, on August
     28, 2001; or

  .  
attending the special meeting and voting in person.

   
Simply attending the special meeting will not revoke your proxy.
If you
instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow your broker's
directions for changing those instructions.
If an adjournment occurs and no new
record date is set, it will have no effect on the ability of stockholders of
record as of the record date to exercise their voting rights or to revoke any
previously delivered proxies.


Solicitation of Proxies

   This proxy statement-prospectus is being furnished to you in connection with
the solicitation of proxies by the Galileo board from the holders of Galileo
common stock for use at the Galileo special meeting.
Galileo generally will
bear the cost of solicitation of proxies.
In addition to solicitation by mail,
certain directors, officers and employees of Galileo and its subsidiaries may
solicit proxies from stockholders in person by telephone, or by other
electronic means.
These persons will not be paid for soliciting proxies.

Galileo may also have brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of Galileo
common stock held of record.
Galileo will reimburse these persons for their
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with soliciting proxies.

   
In addition, Galileo has retained Georgeson Shareholder to assist Galileo in
the solicitation of proxies from stockholders in connection with the special
meeting.
Georgeson Shareholder will receive a fee that Galileo expects will be
approximately $10,000 as compensation for its services and reimbursement of its
out-of-pocket expenses.
Galileo has agreed to indemnify Georgeson Shareholder
against certain liabilities arising out of or in connection with its
engagement.

    
Stockholders Should Not Send Stock Certificates With Their Proxy Cards.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

   The Cendant board has unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement,
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
The
Galileo board has approved and adopted the merger agreement, the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
This section of the
proxy statement-prospectus describes material provisions of the merger
agreement.
This description is not a complete description of the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached
as Annex A to this proxy statement-prospectus and is incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus.
We urge you to read the merger agreement
carefully and in its entirety.


Form of the Merger; Charter Documents of Galileo

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will be
merged with Galileo.
Galileo will be the surviving corporation in the merger
and will continue its corporate existence under Delaware law as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cendant.
Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will cease to be an entity as a
result of the merger.
The certificate of incorporation of Galileo will be
amended and restated by virtue of the merger to read in its entirety as set
forth as Exhibit A to the merger agreement.
The bylaws of Galaxy Acquisition
Corp. in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will
become the bylaws of Galileo following the merger.
The name of the surviving
corporation will be Galileo International, Inc.

Timing of Closing

   The merger is scheduled to be completed as soon as practicable following the
satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible) of the conditions set forth below in
this summary under the heading entitled "Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger."

Merger Consideration

 Galileo Common Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, holders of Galileo common stock (other
than Galileo which holds shares of Galileo common stock in its treasury,
dissenting stockholders and Cendant or any subsidiary of Cendant) will receive
a combination of CD common stock and cash in exchange for their shares of
Galileo common stock.
Each share of Galileo common stock held by those
stockholders will be converted into the right to receive the following:

  .  
CD common stock:

    A number of shares of CD common stock (rounded to the nearest
    thousandth of a share) equal to the exchange ratio.
The exchange ratio
    is determined by dividing the per share stock amount by the average
    trading price.
In the event that the exchange ratio is less than the
    low-end ratio, then the exchange ratio will be the low-end ratio.
In
    the event that the exchange ratio is greater than the high-end ratio,
    then the exchange ratio will be the high-end ratio.
Subject to
    adjustment, the low-end ratio will be equal to the number determined by
    dividing the per share stock amount by 20.
Subject to adjustment, the
    high-end ratio will be equal to the number determined by dividing the
    per share stock amount by 17.

    .  
The per share stock amount will equal the product of $33.00 and the
       control requirement percentage.
The control requirement percentage
       is the fraction (expressed as a decimal, without rounding): (1) the
       numerator of which equals the product of 0.8050 and the total number
       of issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock immediately
       prior to the effective time of the merger and (2) the denominator of
       which equals the excess of the total number of issued and

     outstanding shares of Galileo common stock immediately prior to the
     effective time of the merger over the number of shares of Galileo
     common stock, if any, owned by Cendant (or any subsidiary of Cendant)
     at the effective time of the merger.

    .  
The average trading price will equal the average of the per share
       4:00 p.m. Eastern time closing sales price of CD common stock on the
       New York Stock Exchange during the measurement period.
The
       measurement period is the 20 consecutive trading days immediately
       preceding the third consecutive trading day prior to the date of the
       Galileo stockholders meeting.
The measurement period will change if,
       primarily as a result of the execution by Cendant or any of its
       subsidiaries of certain restricted acquisition agreements, the
       consents, approvals, permits or authorizations are not obtained by
       the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Galileo special
       meeting occurs.
In this situation, the measurement period will be the
       20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the third
       consecutive trading day prior to the date on which the last of the
       approvals described above have been obtained and satisfied.

    
If there are Galileo stockholders that have properly exercised their
    dissenters rights, then the consideration to be received by Galileo
    stockholders set forth above will be increased to that number of shares
    of CD common stock (rounded to the nearest thousandth of a share) equal
    to the number determined by dividing the actual aggregate shares of CD
    common stock by the total number of shares of Galileo common stock (less
    the number of dissenting shares of Galileo common stock, shares of
    Galileo common stock owned by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries, and
    shares held in Galileo's treasury).
The actual aggregate Cendant shares
    will equal the product of (i) the total outstanding shares of Galileo
    common stock (excluding shares of Galileo common stock owned by Cendant
    or its subsidiaries) and (ii) the stock consideration to be received by
    Galileo stockholders set forth above, determined prior to any increase
    set forth in this paragraph.

  .  
Cash:

    The lesser of the per share cash amount and the number determined by
    dividing the actual aggregate cash consideration by the total number of
    issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock immediately prior
    to the effective time (excluding shares owned by Cendant or any of its
    subsidiaries at the effective time).

    .  
The per share cash amount will equal the product of $33.00 and the
       cash limitation percentage.
The cash limitation percentage is the
       excess (expressed as a decimal, without rounding) of one over the
       control requirement percentage.

    .  
Actual aggregate cash consideration will be an amount equal to the
       preliminary aggregate cash consideration, if the preliminary
       aggregate cash consideration is less than or equal to the cash
       limitation amount.
Actual aggregate cash consideration will be an
       amount equal to the cash limitation amount, if the preliminary
       aggregate cash consideration exceeds the cash limitation amount.
The
       preliminary aggregate cash consideration is the product of the per
       share cash amount and the total number of issued and outstanding
       shares of Galileo common stock immediately prior to the effective
       time (excluding shares owned by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries at
       the effective time).
The cash limitation amount is the number
       determined by dividing (1) the product of the cash limitation
       percentage and the total closing date stock consideration value by
       (2) the control requirement percentage.
The total closing date stock
       consideration value is the product of (1) the actual aggregate
       Cendant shares and (2) the closing date Cendant stock price (the
       average of the high and low trading prices of CD common stock on the
       NYSE Composite Tape on the effective date of the merger).

    
If cash is paid in lieu of fractional shares or there are Galileo
    stockholders who have properly exercised their dissenters rights, or
    both, then, two things will happen.
First, the actual aggregate cash
    consideration will be reduced to equal the adjusted actual aggregate
    cash consideration.
Second, the cash consideration to be received by
    Galileo stockholders as set forth above will be reduced to equal

    the number determined by dividing the adjusted actual aggregate cash
    consideration by the total number of shares of Galileo common stock
    (less the number of dissenting shares of Galileo common stock, shares
    of Galileo common stock owned by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries,
    and shares held in Galileo's treasury).
The adjusted actual aggregate
    cash consideration equals the excess of the actual aggregate cash
    consideration over the sum of the total cash in lieu and the total
    dissenting cash.
Total cash in lieu is the product of the total number
    of registered holders of Galileo common stock immediately prior to the
    effective time of the merger and the average closing price.
Total
    dissenting cash is the product of the number of shares of Galileo
    common stock dissenting from the merger and the greater of (i) $33.00
    and (ii) the sum of (A) the product of the stock consideration to be
    received by Galileo stockholders (before any increase) and the average
    closing price and (B) the cash consideration to be received by Galileo
    stockholders (before any decrease).

  .
Additional Stock Consideration, if Any:

    The number of shares of CD common stock (rounded to the nearest
    thousandth of a share) determined by dividing the per share additional
    consideration value by the average closing price of CD common stock.
    
The per share additional consideration value will be equal to simple
    interest on $33.00 calculated at the 30 day London Interbank Offered
    Rate plus 100 basis points, from the date that is 180 days from the
    date of the merger agreement to the date, if later, on which the
    effective time of the merger occurs.
The per share additional
    consideration value amount, if any, will be determined using a year of
    360 days to calculate the interest-equivalent amount.
Holders of
    Galileo common stock will receive no additional stock consideration
    unless the consents, approvals, permits or authorizations described in
    certain covenants of the merger agreement cannot be obtained by the
    date that is 180 days from the date of the merger agreement, primarily
    as a result of the execution by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries of
    certain restricted acquisition agreements.

   
The exchange ratio and merger consideration to be received by Galileo
stockholders, as set forth above, will be appropriately and equitably adjusted
if, prior to the effective time of the merger, the outstanding shares of
Galileo common stock or CD common stock are changed into a different number of
shares or a different class as a result of a stock split, reverse stock split,
stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange,
recapitalization or other similar transaction.

   
In addition, if, prior to the effective time of the merger, there is an
adjustment transaction (i.e., Cendant declares, sets aside or pays any dividend
or makes any other distribution or payment (whether in cash, stock, property or
any combination of the three), with respect to the outstanding shares of CD
common stock, in connection with a spin-off, split off or spit up, the record
date for which is prior to the effective time of the merger), then the
following adjustments will be made to the low-end ratio, the high-end ratio and
the walk-away price:

  .
the high-end ratio will equal the number determined by dividing the per
    share stock amount by the adjusted high-end price;

  .
the low-end ratio will equal the number determined by dividing the per
    share stock amount by the adjusted low-end price; and

  .
the walk-away price will equal $14.00 minus the adjustment factor.

   
As used above, the adjusted high-end price means an amount equal to $17.00
minus the adjustment factor.
The adjusted low-end price means an amount equal
to $20.00 minus the adjustment factor.
The adjustment factor means the number
determined by dividing the distribution value by the aggregate number of shares
of CD common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.
The distribution value means (1) for adjustment transactions not
involving a spin-off, the aggregate fair market value on the distribution date
of the assets, property, cash, securities, rights, warrants or options
distribution in respect of the CD common stock in the adjustment transaction,
as determined in good faith by the Cendant board, or (2) in respect of any
spin-off, the product of the arithmetic average of the per share 4:00 p.m.
Eastern time closing

sales price of such securities for the 10 consecutive trading days commencing
on and including the first day of trading of such securities after the
effectiveness of the spin-off and the aggregate number of such securities
outstanding during such 10-day period.

   
In addition, Cendant has agreed not to effect any adjustment transaction or
cause CD common stock to trade ex-dividend with respect to any adjustment
transaction during the pricing period.

   
Cendant has also agreed to refrain from effecting or causing CD common stock
to trade ex-dividend with respect to any adjustment transaction, other than a
spin-off of Cendant's individual membership and loyalty business which was
previously announced by Cendant.

   
At the effective time of the merger, all shares of Galileo common stock will
no longer be outstanding and will be cancelled and retired and will cease to
exist.
Following the effective time of the merger, each holder of Galileo
common stock (other than Galileo, Cendant or any subsidiary of Cendant and any
dissenting stockholder exercising appraisal rights under Delaware law) will
cease to have any rights with respect to their shares of Galileo common stock,
except the right to receive, without interest, the merger consideration.

   
Each share of Galileo common stock owned by Cendant or any subsidiary of
Cendant at the effective time of the merger or held in Galileo's treasury at
the effective time of the merger, by virtue of the merger and without any
action on the part of the holder of the shares, will cease to be outstanding
and will be cancelled and retired without payment of any consideration for
those shares.

 
Galileo Special Voting Preferred Stock

   Holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock will receive cash in
exchange for their shares.
At the effective time of the merger, any and all
shares of special voting preferred stock will be redeemed by Galileo for an
amount in cash equal to $100.00 per share.
All funds necessary to pay the
preferred redemption price and any expenses relating to the redemption of the
special voting preferred stock will come solely from Galileo.

   
At the effective time of the merger, each share of Galileo special voting
preferred stock will no longer be outstanding and will cease to exist.

Following the merger, each holder of shares of Galileo special voting preferred
stock will cease to have any rights with respect to the shares, except the
right to receive from Galileo $100.00 per share.
All shares of Galileo special
voting preferred stock that have been redeemed will be retired and will not be
reissued as part of any series of preferred stock of Galileo.

   
In addition, each share of Galileo special voting preferred stock issued and
held in Galileo's treasury at the effective time will, by virtue of the merger,
cease to be outstanding and will be cancelled and retired without payment of
any consideration for those shares.


Conversion of Shares; Exchange Agent; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates;
Fractional Shares

 Galileo Common Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, Galileo common stock will automatically
convert into the right to receive the merger consideration.
At that time,
Cendant will deposit with the exchange agent all of the merger consideration.

   
Cendant has appointed First Union National Bank to act as exchange agent for
the merger.
The exchange agent will receive the merger consideration from
Cendant and distribute it to Galileo stockholders.
Galileo stockholders should
NOT return stock certificates with the enclosed proxy card.
A transmittal
letter with instructions for the surrender of stock certificates will be mailed
to you as soon as practicable after completion of the merger.

   
After the effective time of the merger, each certificate that previously
represented shares of Galileo common stock will represent only the right to
receive the merger consideration.
The merger consideration will also include
cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of CD common stock and dividends or
other distributions on CD common stock with record dates after the effective
time of the merger.

   
Your certificates previously representing Galileo common stock may only be
paid whole shares of CD common stock, dividends or other distributions payable
on CD common stock and the cash consideration to be received in the merger
(including any cash in lieu of any fractional shares) after you surrender your
certificates to the exchange agent.
No interest will be paid or will accrue on
the cash payable upon surrender of your certificate(s).

   
If there is a transfer of ownership of Galileo common stock that is not
registered in the transfer records of Galileo, exchange and payment may be made
to the transferee if the certificate representing those shares of Galileo
common stock is presented to the exchange agent, accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect the transfer and to evidence that any
applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

   
Cendant will not issue any fractional shares of CD common stock to any
Galileo stockholder upon surrender of their certificates.
In addition, no
dividend or distribution of Cendant will relate to fractional share interests
and the fractional share interest will not entitle the owner to vote or to any
rights of a stockholder of Cendant.
In lieu of the issuance of fractional
shares, Cendant will deliver to the exchange agent shares of CD common stock
and, the exchange agent will sell a number of whole shares of CD common stock
in the open market in order to pay each former holder of Galileo common stock
an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying the fractional
share interest to which the former holder (after taking into account all shares
of Galileo common stock held at the effective time of the merger by the holder)
would otherwise be entitled by the average Cendant trading price.

 
Galileo Special Voting Preferred Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, Galileo will cause to be mailed to each
holder of special voting preferred stock a notice of redemption instructing
that holder to surrender its certificates(s) representing special voting
preferred stock in exchange for the preferred redemption price of $100 per
share.
Upon surrender of the certificate(s), Galileo will deliver to the
holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock the preferred redemption
price and the certificate(s) representing those shares will be cancelled.
All
funds necessary to pay the preferred redemption price for shares of Galileo
special voting preferred stock and the expenses relating to the redemption of
those shares will come solely from Galileo.


Effect on Stock Based Awards; Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, all options to
acquire Galileo common stock under any Galileo stock option plan or other
equity incentive plan will be assumed by Cendant and will be converted into
options to purchase shares of CD common stock.
All unvested options that have
an exercise price that is less than the average Galileo trading price (the
arithmetic average of the per share 4:00 p.m. Eastern time closing sales price
of Galileo common stock on the NYSE for the 20 consecutive trading days
immediately preceding the third trading day prior to the special meeting) will
become fully vested and exercisable.

   
The terms of each converted option will remain subject to the terms of the
applicable option plans and agreements in effect immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger.
Cendant has agreed to assume Galileo's option
plans upon completion of the merger.

   
The number of shares of CD common stock to be subject to each converted
option will be equal to the product of the number of shares of Galileo common
stock subject to the original option and the option exchange ratio.
The option
exchange ratio is the quotient derived by dividing $33.00 by the average
Cendant trading price per share of CD common stock.
However, if the foregoing
would result in an option exchange

ratio less than 1.65000, the option exchange ratio will be deemed to be
1.65000, and if the foregoing would result in an option exchange ratio greater
than 1.94118, the option exchange ratio will be deemed to be 1.94118.
The
option exchange ratio will be increased if Galileo stockholders are entitled to
additional stock consideration as described above under the heading entitled
"Merger Consideration--CD common stock--Additional stock consideration" to take
into account the amount of the additional stock consideration.

   
The exercise price per share of CD common stock under each converted option
will be equal to the exercise price per share of Galileo common stock under the
original option divided by the option exchange ratio, but that exercise price
will be rounded to the nearest whole cent.

   
Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, Galileo will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause all stock appreciation rights related to
Galileo common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger under any equity incentive plan of Galileo, whether or not then
exercisable, to be cancelled (subject to any required consent by the holder of
the stock appreciation right) and each holder of a stock appreciation right
will promptly after the effective time of the merger receive from the surviving
corporation, for each stock appreciation
right that is cancelable (1) an amount
in cash equal to the difference of the merger consideration minus the per share
exercise price of that stock appreciation right, without interest, to the
extent the difference is a positive number or (2) to the extent the difference
is a negative number, such other consideration as described in the second
bullet below.
All such stock appreciation rights will be terminated and will
thereafter represent only the right to receive the consideration set forth in
this paragraph.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any person
subject to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, any amount to be paid to that
individual will be paid as soon as practicable after the first date payment can
be made without liability to that person under Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act.

  .
Notwithstanding anything stated immediately above, no consideration for
    stock appreciation rights will be paid with respect to any stock
    appreciation right unless, at or prior to the time of that payment the
    stock appreciation right is cancelled and, to the extent necessary under
    the terms of the stock appreciation right, the holder of the right has
    executed and delivered a release of any and all rights the holder had or
    may have had with respect to the right.

  .
Prior to the effective time of the merger, Galileo will use reasonable
    best efforts to obtain all necessary consents or releases, if any, from
    holders of stock appreciation rights under any Galileo equity incentive
    plan and take all other lawful action as may be necessary to give effect
    to the transactions contemplated by this section.
In the event that any
    stock appreciation right is not cancelled in accordance with the
    foregoing, that right will be converted to a stock appreciation right
    related to the price of CD common stock in accordance with the first
    through fourth paragraphs under the heading entitled "Effect on Stock
    Based Awards; Employee Stock Purchase Plan" in this summary.
Galileo or
    its subsidiaries may, but will not be required to, offer additional
    consideration for the purpose of obtaining the consents or releases
    referred to above.
The additional consideration will be subject to the
    advance approval of Cendant, which approval will not be unreasonably
    withheld.

   
After the effective time of the merger, all options to acquire shares of
common stock of Quantitude and Trip.com, outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger under the Quantitude, Inc. 2001 Equity Incentive
Plan and the Trip.com, Inc. 2001 Equity Incentive Plan, whether or not
exercisable, will remain outstanding following the effective time and subject
to the terms of the applicable plans and the applicable option agreements
representing grants under those plans.

   
In addition, Galileo will take all actions necessary to cause the
termination of the Galileo International, Inc.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and
will take all necessary steps to refund, without interest, to each participant,
any amounts withheld from that participant's compensation pursuant to a
subscription agreement under the plan, to the extent that the amount has not
been used to purchase Galileo common stock on a purchase date (as defined in
the plan) occurring prior to the effective date of termination of the plan.


Board of Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation

   After the merger, the directors of Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will be the
directors of Galileo.

   
Any directors elected to Galileo's board by holders of Galileo special
voting preferred stock will, at the effective time of the merger, automatically
and without any further action by those directors or the holders of Galileo
special voting preferred stock be deemed to have resigned from the Galileo
board.

   
After the merger, the officers of Galileo will continue to serve in their
respective offices until their successors are elected or appointed or until
their resignation or removal.
Upon the effective date of the merger, Mr.
Barlett's employment will terminate and he will resign as Chairman of the
Galileo board.


Board of Directors of Cendant

   At the effective time of the merger, Cendant will take all actions
necessary, including, amending its bylaws, to cause its board to be expanded by
one seat so that a designee of the Galileo board who is reasonably satisfactory
to Cendant and who is an independent director is nominated and appointed to the
class of directors whose term will expire in 2004.
A director is considered an
independent director if he or she has no relationship to Cendant that may
interfere with the exercise of his or her independence from Cendant and its
management.
The Galileo board has not yet designated such director.


Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains certain customary mutual representations and
warranties by each of Galileo and Cendant.
Some of the most significant of
these include:

  .
the existence and good standing of Galileo and Cendant under their
    respective jurisdictions of incorporation and the corporate power and
    authority to operate their respective businesses;

  .
the power and authority of Galileo and Cendant to execute and deliver and
    to perform their obligations under the merger agreement and the other
    agreements and documents contemplated by the merger agreement and their
    compliance with laws and their respective organizational documents;

  .
the capital structure of each company;

  .
the absence of violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, creation of
    liens or consents of, or on, organizational documents, properties, loans,
    leases, contracts or other agreements of Galileo and Cendant;

  .
the compliance of documents filed with the SEC by each of Galileo and
    Cendant since December 31, 1998 and the accuracy of financial statements
    included in those documents;

  .
the absence of litigation, undisclosed liabilities and changes in the
    respective businesses of Galileo and Cendant since March 31, 2001;

  .
the absence of action taken, or failed to be taken, and the absence of
    knowledge of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance that is
    reasonably likely to prevent the merger from qualifying as a
    reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
    Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

  .
the accuracy of information supplied by each party for inclusion in this
    proxy statement-prospectus and the registration statement.

   
In addition, Galileo made additional representations to Cendant.
The most
significant of these additional representations include:

  .
that the Galileo board:

    . declared the merger advisable and in the best interest of Galileo and
      its stockholders and approved the merger agreement,

    .
resolved to recommend the adoption of the merger agreement by Galileo
      stockholders at the special meeting, and

    .
directed that the merger agreement be submitted to Galileo's
      stockholders for approval;

  .
the organization, standing and existence of Galileo's subsidiaries and
    Galileo's ownership interest in those subsidiaries;

  .
Galileo's compliance with or its absence of liability under certain tax,
    labor and employee benefit matters;

  .
Galileo's disclosure of its ownership of and the absence of claims
    related to intellectual property;

  .
the absence of environmental liabilities and Galileo's compliance with
    environmental laws and regulations;

  .
the disclosure, full force and effect, and the legal, valid and binding
    obligations and enforceability of Galileo's material contracts;

  .
Galileo's and its subsidiaries' title to property;

  .
the absence of any brokerage, finder's or other fees or commissions to be
    paid in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement other than fees paid or payable to JPMorgan;

  .
the receipt by Galileo of the written opinion of its financial advisor to
    the effect that, as of the date of the merger agreement, the merger
    consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
    stockholders of Galileo;

  .
the amendment of Galileo's rights agreement to render the agreement
    inapplicable to the approval, execution and delivery of the merger
    agreement and the agreements and transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement;

  .
the inapplicability of Section 203 of Delaware General Corporation Law to
    the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and

  .
the vote of the holders of Galileo common stock being the only vote of
    holders of any class or series of Galileo capital stock required to
    approve the merger and adopt the merger agreement and the other
    agreements contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
In addition, Cendant made additional representations to Galileo.
The most
significant of these additional representations include:

  .
that the Cendant board approved the merger, the merger agreement and the
    other agreements and transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .
the absence of state takeover statutes or similar statutes or regulations
    applicable to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .
the absence of restrictions or impairments under those statutes,
    regulations or Cendant's organizational documents on the ability of
    Cendant to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement; and

  .
the absence of any required approval of the merger agreement and the
    transactions contemplated by the merger agreement by Cendant's
    stockholders.


Covenants of Galileo

 Conduct of Business

   Subject to certain exceptions, including the written consent of Cendant,
until the closing, Galileo has agreed to, and to cause its subsidiaries to, do
the following:

  .
conduct its operations only in, and not take any actions except in, the
    ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;

  .
use its reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its business
    organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its officers
    and employees, and maintain satisfactory relationships with those persons
    having business relationships with them; and

  .
upon discovery, promptly notify Cendant of the existence of certain
    breaches of representations or warranties contained in the merger
    agreement or, subject to certain qualifications, the occurrence of any
    event that would cause any representation or warranty contained in the
    merger agreement no longer to be true and correct.

   
In addition, subject to certain exceptions, including the written consent of
Cendant or as expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, Galileo has
agreed to, and to cause its subsidiaries to, refrain from doing the following:

  .
amend their respective organizational documents;

  .
issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize the issuance,
    sale, pledge, disposition or encumbrance of, any shares of its capital
    stock or other ownership interest in Galileo or any of its subsidiaries
    or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or
    ownership interest, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire or with
    respect to any such shares of capital stock, ownership interest, or
    convertible or exchangeable securities;

  .
split, combine or reclassify its capital stock, or otherwise change its
    capitalization as it exists on the date of the merger agreement, or
    propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
    in substitution for, shares of its capital stock or any other equity
    interest;

  .
grant, confer or award any option, warrant, convertible security or other
    right to acquire any shares of its capital stock or take any action to
    cause to be exercisable any otherwise unexercisable option under any
    existing stock option plan;

  .
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution or
    payment (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination of the
    three) with respect to any shares of its capital stock or other ownership
    interests, including any constructive or deemed distributions, or make
    any other payments to stockholders in their capacity as such (other than
    any such payments by any of Galileo's subsidiaries to Galileo);

  .
directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares
    of its capital stock or capital stock of Galileo's subsidiaries
    (including repurchases of Galileo common stock pursuant to its stock
    repurchase program);

  .
transfer, license, mortgage, encumber, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
    of any of its material assets (including capital stock of Galileo's
    subsidiaries);

  .
acquire by merger, purchase or any other manner, any business entity or
    division, or make any capital expenditures or otherwise acquire any
    material property or assets, except for purchases of supplies or capital
    equipment in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
    practice, or capital expenditures or purchases of property and assets in
    accordance with Galileo's capital plan disclosed to Cendant in connection
    with the merger agreement, other than capital expenditures with third
    parties that are primarily for the purpose of supporting Quantitude's
    third party telecommunications business or Galileo's web-hosting
    business;

  .
incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness
    for borrowed money except in the ordinary course of business, consistent
    with past practices under Galileo's existing credit agreements or to
    trade creditors of Galileo or its subsidiaries;

  .
make or forgive any loans, advances or capital contributions (which do
    not include marketing incentive payments or up-front financial assistance
    payments) to, or investments in, any other person in an amount in excess
    of $3,000,000 individually, or $10,000,000 in the aggregate (other than
    advances for

   business expenses and loans and advances for relocation arrangements, made
   to officers or employees in the ordinary course of business, consistent
   with past practice);

  .
subject to some exceptions, grant any stock-related or stock-based
    awards;

  .
modify, amend, terminate or waive any rights under any confidentiality
    agreement entered into in connection with any third party acquisition
    proposal;

  .
enter into any material contract, other than in accordance with Galileo's
    capital plan or material contracts not involving costs, individually or
    in the aggregate, in excess of $3,000,000;

  .
modify, amend, terminate or waive any rights under any material contract
    in any manner that would reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect or result in costs in excess of $3,000,000;

  .
subject to some exceptions, increase the compensation, severance or other
    benefits payable or to become payable to its directors, officers or
    employees, grant any severance or termination pay, to, or enter into any
    employment, consulting, salary continuation or severance agreement with,
    any officer or director of Galileo or any of its subsidiaries, or
    establish, adopt, enter into, amend or modify in any material respect or
    in any manner that would result in costs in excess of $3,000,000 any
    collective bargaining agreement, employee benefit plan, trust, fund,
    policy or arrangement for the benefit of any current or former directors,
    officers or employees of any of their beneficiaries;

  .
take any action to change accounting policies, procedures or practices of
    Galileo, except as required by a change in GAAP, SEC position or
    applicable law;

  .
approve or authorize any action to be submitted to Galileo stockholders
    for approval other than pursuant to the merger agreement, other than, if
    the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement have not been
    consummated by January 1, 2002, the election of directors and
    ratification of auditors at an annual meeting of stockholders to be held
    after June 1, 2002:

  .
materially change any method of reporting income, deductions or other
    material items for income tax purposes, make or change any material
    election with respect to taxes, agree to or settle any material claim or
    assessment in respect of taxes, or agree to an extension or waiver of the
    limitation period to any material claim or assessment in respect of
    taxes, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice or as required by GAAP, SEC position or applicable law;

  .
settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim not
    covered by insurance in an aggregate amount in excess of $3,000,000;

  .
amend in any material respect any of material contract so as to include
    any "change of control" provision which would be triggered upon the
    merger or any sale of Galileo or any of its subsidiaries;

  .
enter into, amend in any material respect or renew certain contracts with
    specified customers or suppliers;

  .
enter into, amend or renew other specified contracts;

  .
amend, extend, renew or otherwise modify any material lease in any manner
    that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
    Galileo or result in costs in excess of $3,000,000;

  .
enter into any contract to provide web-hosing services or third party
    telecommunications services; or

  .
agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

   
As used in this proxy statement-prospectus, a material adverse effect on
Galileo means, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the assets, liabilities, business, results of operations, or financial
condition of Galileo and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except any such
effect resulting primarily from:

  .
the merger agreement, the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement or the announcement of the merger agreement;

  .
Cendant's announcement or other communication of its plans or intentions
    with respect to the conduct of the business of Galileo or any of its
    subsidiaries;

  .
changes or conditions (including changes in economic, financial market,
    regulatory or political conditions) affecting generally the air travel
    industry, the computer reservation system industry or the information
    services industry in which Galileo or its subsidiaries participates; or

  .
Galileo's or its subsidiaries' failure to engage in actions and
    activities in furtherance of Galileo's web-hosting business or
    Quantitude's third party telecommunications business.

   
As used in this proxy statement-prospectus, a material adverse effect on
Cendant means, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the assets, liabilities, business, results of operations, or financial
condition of Cendant and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except any such
effect resulting primarily from:

  .
the merger agreement, the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement or the announcement of the merger agreement;

  .
Cendant's announcement or other communication of its plans or intentions
    with respect to the conduct of the business of Galileo or any of its
    subsidiaries; or

  .
changes or conditions (including changes in economic, financial market,
    regulatory or political conditions) affecting generally the industries in
    which Cendant operates its business.

 
Amendments to Stockholder Rights Plan and Section 203 of the Delaware General
 Corporation Law

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, Galileo has agreed that it will not
amend, modify or waive any provision of its stockholder rights plan, take any
action to redeem the preferred stock purchase rights issued under the
stockholder rights plan, or render those preferred stock purchase rights
inapplicable to any third-party acquisition proposal.

   
In addition, Galileo has agreed that it will not take any action to render
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any other state takeover
statute or similar statute or regulation inapplicable to any person in respect
of any third-party acquisition proposal.

 
Affiliates

   Under the merger agreement, Galileo has agreed that, as soon as practicable
after the date of the merger agreement, it will deliver to Cendant a letter
identifying all persons who may be deemed, at the time the merger agreement is
submitted for adoption by the stockholders of Galileo, "affiliates" of Galileo
for purposes of rule 145 under the Securities Act.
Galileo has also agreed to
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of those persons to deliver to
Cendant, at least 30 days prior to the closing of the merger, a written
agreement as specified in the merger agreement.


No Solicitation

   The merger agreement provides that, except as set forth below in this
section, from and after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the
effective time of the merger, neither Galileo nor any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, nor any officer, director, employee, investment banker, agent or
other representative of it or its subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly:

  .
encourage, invite, initiate or solicit any inquiries relating to or the
    submission or making of a proposal by any person with respect to a third-
    party acquisition; or

  .
participate in or encourage, invite, initiate or solicit negotiations or
    discussions with, or furnish or cause to be furnished any information to,
    any person relating to a third-party acquisition.

   
The merger agreement also provides that upon the execution of the merger
agreement, Galileo was required to immediately:

  .
cease or cause to be ceased any discussions or negotiations in connection
    with any proposed or potential third-party acquisition and request the
    prompt return to Galileo, or destruction of, any confidential information
    provided in connection with any such discussions or negotiations; and

  .
terminate, effective as of the business day immediately following the
    date of the merger agreement, Galileo's stock repurchase program
    authorized by the Galileo board on April 21, 2000.

   
In addition, the merger agreement provides that, except as otherwise
provided in the merger agreement, the Galileo board will not change its
recommendation that Galileo stockholders adopt the merger agreement or cause
Galileo to enter into a third party acquisition.

   
The merger agreement provides that, prior to the special meeting, if
Galileo, without violating its no solicitation obligations, receives an
unsolicited bona fide written proposal from any person or group with respect to
a third-party acquisition which the Galileo board (after consideration of
advice it shall have obtained from its legal and financial advisors) reasonably
expects will result in a superior proposal, then Galileo may furnish
information and access to such person or group pursuant to an appropriate
confidentiality agreement and may participate in discussions and negotiations
with that person or group.
The merger agreement provides that the terms of the
confidentiality agreement will not be less restrictive than the terms set forth
in the confidentiality agreement between Galileo and Cendant, dated as of March
9, 2001.

   
Galileo also agreed to notify Cendant in writing of the receipt of any
proposal, written or oral, as soon as possible, but, in any event, within 24
hours of the receipt of any proposal relating to a third-party acquisition or
any request for non-public information relating to Galileo or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with any pending, proposed or contemplated third-
party acquisition or for access to the properties, books or records of Galileo
or any of its subsidiaries by any person that, to Galileo's knowledge, is
considering making, or has made, a proposal relating to a third-party
acquisition.
The notice will identify the person submitting the proposal,
attach a copy of any written correspondence or other written materials relating
to the proposal, and summarize any significant terms of the proposal not
reflected in any of the attached materials.
In addition, the notice will, to
the extent then known by Galileo, state whether Galileo is providing or intends
to provide the person or group making the proposal with access to information
concerning Galileo or any of its subsidiaries, in accordance with the
provisions of this section.
The notice will also include any expectation by the
Galileo board, if then known, that the third-party acquisition proposal will
result in a superior proposal.
If the foregoing is not then known, then Galileo
will thereafter give prompt notice to Cendant of any subsequent determination
as to the provision to the person or group making the proposal of access to
such information, and any such expectation.
Galileo will keep Cendant informed
of the status of any of the negotiations and will further update, to the extent
of any significant developments, the information required to be provided in
each notice upon the request of Cendant.

   
Notwithstanding anything in the merger agreement to the contrary:

  .
Galileo or the Galileo board will be permitted, to the extent applicable,
    to comply with certain Exchange Act rules or to make any required
    disclosure to Galileo stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the
    Galileo board (after consideration of advice it will have obtained from
    its outside counsel) failure to so disclose would constitute a violation
    of applicable law; and

  .
the Galileo board may change its recommendation that Galileo stockholders
    adopt the merger agreement and disclose to Galileo stockholders the
    position of the Galileo board with respect to the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement or otherwise make disclosure to
    them, with respect to the matters to be considered at the Galileo
    stockholders meeting, in the event that the Galileo board determines in
    good faith, after consideration of advice it will have obtained from its
    outside counsel, that failure to take that action would create a
    substantial probability of violating the Galileo board's fiduciary duties
    to Galileo stockholders under applicable law.

   
The obligation of Galileo to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the
Galileo stockholders meeting will not be affected by the commencement,
proposal, public disclosure or communication to Galileo of a third-party
acquisition or a superior proposal or by the taking of any action by the
Galileo board that does not violate Galileo's no solicitation obligations.

   
The term "third-party acquisition" means any of the following events other
than, in each case, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

  .
the merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business
    combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
    transaction involving Galileo, or any purchase or sale of the
    consolidated assets (including without limitation stock of Galileo's
    subsidiaries) of Galileo and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole having an
    aggregate value of 20% or more of the equity securities of Galileo, or a
    "merger of equals" with, any a third party.
A third party includes any
    officer or director of Galileo or any of its affiliates or any affiliate
    of that officer or director other, than a subsidiary of Cendant;

  .
the acquisition by a third party of 20% or more of the outstanding shares
    of Galileo common stock;

  .
the acquisition by a third party of Quantitude or Trip.com;

  .
the adoption by Galileo of a plan of liquidation or the declaration or
    payment of an extraordinary dividend; or

  .
the repurchase by Galileo or any of its subsidiaries of more than twenty
    percent (20%) of the outstanding shares of Galileo common stock.

   
The term "superior proposal" means any bona fide written proposal to
acquire, directly or indirectly, for consideration consisting of cash and/or
securities, all of the shares of Galileo common stock then outstanding or all
or substantially all of the assets of Galileo that:

  .
is not subject to any financing conditions or contingencies;

  .
provides holders of Galileo common stock with per share consideration
    that the Galileo board determines in good faith (after consideration of
    advice that it shall have obtained from its financial advisor) to be more
    favorable to the stockholders of Galileo from a financial point of view
    than the merger consideration (taking into account all the terms and
    conditions of the proposal and the merger agreement including any changes
    to the financial or other terms of the merger agreement proposed by
    Cendant in response to that offer or otherwise);

  .
is determined by the Galileo board in its good faith judgment (after
    consideration of advice that it will have obtained from its legal or
    financial advisor) to be reasonably capable of being completed (taking
    into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the
    proposal, the person making the proposal and the expected timing to
    complete the proposal); and

  .
does not, in the definitive Galileo acquisition agreement, contain any
    "due diligence" conditions.
A Galileo acquisition agreement means any
    memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, letter of intent,
    contract or agreement (whether written or oral).


Access to Information

   Cendant and Galileo each agreed to give one another reasonable access at all
reasonable times during normal business hours to contracts, books, records,
analysis, projections, plans, systems, personnel, commitments, offices and
other facilities and properties and their accountants and accountants' work
papers.
Cendant and Galileo also each agreed to furnish one another on a timely
basis with such financial and operating data and other information with respect
to their businesses and properties as they may from time to time reasonably
request and use reasonable best efforts to make available at all reasonable
times during normal business hours to their officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financing sources and other representatives.


Indemnification and Insurance

   Under the merger agreement, Cendant has agreed to cause the surviving
corporation to maintain in effect for not less than six years, Galileo's
current directors' and officers' insurance policies, if that insurance is
obtainable (or policies equivalent in all material respects to those maintained
by or on behalf of Galileo and its subsidiaries on the date of the merger
agreement, and having at least the same coverage and containing terms and
conditions no less advantageous to the current and all former directors and
officer of Galileo) with respect to acts or failure to act prior to the
effective time of the merger.
Cendant and the surviving corporation will not be
required to maintain or obtain policies providing the coverage except to the
extent the coverage can be provided at or below the insurance cap (an annual
cost of no greater than two times the most recent annual premium paid by
Galileo prior to the date of the merger agreement).
If equivalent coverage
cannot be obtained or can be obtained only by paying an annual premium in
excess of the insurance cap, Cendant or the surviving corporation will be
required to only obtain as much coverage as can be obtained by paying an annual
premium equal to the insurance cap.

   
The merger agreement also provides that, from and after the effective time
of the merger, Cendant and the surviving corporation will indemnify and hold
harmless to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, each person who
is, or has been at any time prior to the date of the merger agreement or who
becomes prior to the effective time of the merger, an officer or director of
Galileo or any of its subsidiaries against all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, cost and expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or pertaining to act or
omissions, or alleged acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such,
which acts and omissions occurred prior to the effective time of the merger,
whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the effective time of the
merger.

   
In addition, Cendant has agreed to cause the surviving corporation to keep
in effect for a period of not less than six years from the effective date of
the merger (or in the case of matters occurring prior to the effective date of
the merger which have not been resolved prior to the sixth anniversary of the
effective date of the merger, until those matters are finally resolved) all
provisions in the surviving corporation's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws that provide for exculpation of director and officer liability and
indemnification (and related advancement of expenses) of the past and present
officers and directors of Galileo to the fullest extent permitted by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, and those provisions will not be amended
except as either required by applicable law or to make changes permitted by law
that would enhance the rights of past or present officers and directors to
indemnification or advancement of expenses.

   
The merger agreement also provides for the assumption of the obligations set
forth above by the successors and assigns of Cendant or the surviving
corporation.


Tax Matters

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, from the date of the merger
agreement until the effective time of the merger, Galileo agreed to timely file
all tax returns it is required to file, to pay all taxes related to those
returns, to accrue a reserve in its books and records and financial statements,
in accordance with past practice, for all taxes payable by Galileo for which no
return is due prior to the effective time of the merger, and to promptly notify
Cendant of any federal or state income or franchise, or other material tax,
suit, claim, action, investigation, proceeding or audit pending against or with
respect to Galileo or its subsidiaries relating to any tax matters.

   
In addition, each of Galileo and Cendant agreed that they would not, nor
would their respective affiliates, directly or indirectly (without the consent
of the other) take any action or fail to take any action, that would reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the qualification of the merger as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.


Benefit Plans

   The merger agreement generally provides that for a period of one year
following the effective time of the merger, Cendant will continue to provide
eligible employees of Galileo employee benefits on terms substantially
identical to those provided by Galileo (other than equity-based incentive
plans).
Eligible Galileo employees will participate or not participate in
Cendant equity-based incentive plans on the same basis as similarly situated
employees of Cendant.
Cendant also generally agreed in the merger agreement to
maintain certain Galileo severance plans with respect to any eligible Galileo
employee who is employed at the effective time and whose employment is
terminated during the one-year period commencing at the effective time of the
merger for any reason other than cause as determined under such plan.
Cendant
also agreed to credit Galileo employees with their years of service with
Galileo except to the extent necessary to avoid the duplication of benefits.
In
addition, the merger agreement generally provides that Cendant will grant to
eligible Galileo employees options to purchase CD common stock, at fair market
value on the date of grant on such terms as apply as of the date of the merger
agreement, to similarly situated employees of Cendant.


Cendant Actions Prior to Completion of the Merger

   Under the merger agreement, Galileo acknowledged that Cendant may take
actions involving (1) a merger, reorganization, share exchange, spin-off,
consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction, (2) any purchase or sale of the consolidated assets of a person or
any division or unit thereof, (3) any purchase or sale of, or tender or
exchange offer for, equity securities of any person, (4) the acquisition of 20%
or more of the outstanding equity securities of any person, or (5) any
financings.
Galileo's acknowledgment, however, does not modify or diminish
Galileo's rights or Cendant's obligations under the merger agreement.


Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

   The completion of the merger depends upon meeting a number of conditions,
including the following:

  .
the adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of the
    holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Galileo's common
    stock;

  .
the absence of any restraints (temporary restraining order, preliminary
    or permanent injunction or other judgment or order issued by any court of
    competent jurisdiction or other statute, law, rule, legal restraint or
    prohibition) that prevent the consummation of the merger;

  .
the absence of any action, suit or proceeding by a governmental entity
    seeking to restrain in any material respect to prohibit the consummation
    of the merger, seeking to obtain from Galileo, Cendant or Galaxy
    Acquisition Corp.
any damages that, individually or in the aggregate,
    would be reasonably likely to result in a material adverse effect on
    Galileo or Cendant, or seeking to impose any of the restraints referred
    to in the immediately preceding bullet;

  .
the registration statement having become effective under the Securities
    Act and not being the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a
    stop order;

  .
the shares of CD common stock issuable to the holders of Galileo common
    stock and issuable upon the exercise to holders of the Galileo options
    and stock appreciation rights to be assumed by Cendant having been
    approved for listing on the NYSE;

  .
any waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
    Act having been terminated or expired, the European Commission having
    issued a decision under Article 6(1)(b) or 8(2) of Council Regulation No.
    4064/89 of the European Community (or will be deemed to have done so
    under Article 10(6) of the Council Regulation) declaring the merger
    compatible with the EC Common Market, the governmental approval and
    consent of the Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Australia under the
    Foreign Acquisition and Takeovers Act 1975(th), and any applicable
    waiting periods under Section 123 of the Canadian Competition Act having
    expired or been earlier terminated or waived; and

  .
all consents, approvals and actions of, and filing with and notices to
    any governmental entity required of Galileo, Cendant, Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. or any of their respective subsidiaries under any regulatory law
    (other than the filings set forth in the immediately preceding bullet) to
    consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement, the failure of which to be obtained or made would
    impose a risk of criminal liability, criminal fines, imprisonment or
    confinement, in each case, upon any officer, employee or director of
    Galileo, Cendant or any of their respective subsidiaries, reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on Galileo or Cendant, or
    impose operating or other regulatory restrictions in jurisdictions from
    which more than 10% of the consolidated revenues of Galileo and its
    subsidiaries are generated, will have been obtained.

   
In addition, Cendant's obligation to complete the merger is subject to,
among other things:

  .
the representations and warranties of Galileo set forth in the merger
    agreement (other than the representations and warranties of Galileo set
    forth in bullets two, three and five (as it relates to Galileo's
    financial statements) following the first full paragraph under the
    heading "Representations and Warranties" in this summary) will be true
    and correct both when made and as of the effective time of the merger
    (except to the extent expressly made as of a specified date, in which
    case as of that date), except where the failure of those representations
    and warranties to be so true and correct (without giving effect to any
    limitation as to "materiality" or a material adverse effect on Galileo
    set forth in those representations and warranties) would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on Galileo;

  .
the representations and warranties of Galileo set forth in bullets two,
    three and five (as it relates to Galileo's financial statements)
    following the first full paragraph under the heading "Representations and
    Warranties" in this summary, will be true and correct in all material
    respects both when made and as of the effective time of the merger
    (except to the extent expressly made as of a specified date, in which
    case as of that date);

  .
Galileo will have performed and complied in all material respects with
    all obligations, agreements and covenants required by the merger
    agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to the effective
    time of the merger;

  .
Cendant will have received a certificate signed by the chief financial
    officer of Galileo, to the effect that, to the best of that officer's
    knowledge, the conditions set forth in bullets one and two of this
    section, have been satisfied;

  .
there has been no event, change, development or circumstance (regardless
    of whether that event, change, development or circumstance arose before
    or after the date of the merger agreement or was disclosed by Galileo to
    Cendant pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement) that would
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Galileo after
    the date of the merger agreement;

  .
Cendant will have received the opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
    Flom LLP, in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to Cendant, to
    the effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the
    meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

  .
a change of the recommendation of the Galileo board has not occurred; and

  .
Cendant will have received from each person named in the letter referred
    to in this summary under the heading "Covenants of Galileo--Affiliates"
    an executed copy of the affiliate letter referred to under that heading.

   
In addition, Galileo's obligation to complete the merger is subject to,
among other things:

  .
the representations and warranties of Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. set forth in the merger agreement (other than the representations
    and warranties set forth in bullets two, three, five (as it relates to
    Cendant's financial statements) and six (as it relates to the absence of
    certain changes in Cendant's business and undisclosed liabilities)
    following the first full paragraph under the heading "Representations and
    Warranties" in this summary and Cendant's representation to Galileo
    concerning

   Cendant's ownership of Galileo common stock) will be true and correct both
   when made and as of the effective time of the merger (except to the extent
   expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of that date)
   except where the failure of that representation and warranties to be so
   true and correct, without giving effect to any limitation as to
   "materiality" or a material adverse effect on Cendant set forth in those
   representations and warranties, would not, individually or in the
   aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on
   Cendant;

  .
the representations and warranties of Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. set forth in bullets two, three and five (as it relates to
    Cendant's financial statements) following the first full paragraph under
    the heading "Representations and Warranties" in this summary, will be
    true and correct in all material respects both when made and at and as of
    the effective time of the merger (except to the extent expressly made as
    of an earlier date, in which case as of that date);

  .
the representations and warranties of Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. set forth in the merger agreement with respect to Cendant's
    ownership of Galileo common stock, will be true and correct in all
    respects both when made and at and as of the effective time of the merger
    (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case
    as of that date);

  .
Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will have performed and complied in
    all material respects with all obligations, agreements and covenants
    required by the merger agreement to be performed and complied with by it
    prior to the effective time of the merger;

  .
Galileo will have received a certificate signed by the chief financial
    officer of Cendant, to the effect that, to the best of that officer's
    knowledge, the conditions set forth in bullets one through four above
    have been satisfied; and

  .
Galileo will have received the opinion of Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue, in
    form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Galileo, to the effect that
    the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
    368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.


Termination of the Merger Agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the completion
of the merger:

  .
by the mutual consent of Cendant and Galileo;

  .
if the effective time of the merger agreement has not occurred on or
    prior to July 1, 2002.
The right to terminate the merger agreement
    pursuant to this provision is not available to any party whose failure to
    fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause of,
    or resulted in, the failure of the merger to be consummated on or prior
    to July 1, 2002;

  .
if a governmental entity has issued a nonappealable final order, decree
    or ruling or taken any other nonappealable final action having the effect
    of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
    merger; or

  .
if the special meeting of the Galileo stockholders has been held and
    Galileo stockholders failed to adopt the merger agreement.

   
In addition, Galileo may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior
to the completion of the merger:

  .
upon a terminating breach (a material breach of any covenant or agreement
    set forth in the merger agreement) on the part of Cendant or Galaxy
    Acquisition Corp. Galileo may not terminate the merger agreement under
    this provision until the earlier of 45 days following notice of the
    terminating breach and July 1, 2002, if the terminating breach is curable
    on or prior to the earlier of 45 days following notice of the terminating
    breach and July 1, 2002 by Cendant or Galaxy Acquisition Corp. through
    the exercise of its reasonable best efforts;

  .
if Cendant or Galaxy Acquisition Corp. has breached any representation
    and warranty set forth in the merger agreement in any material respect;
    provided that:

    .
Galileo may not terminate the merger agreement under this provision
      until the earlier of 45 days following notice of the breach and July
      1, 2002, if the breach is curable prior to the earlier of 45 days
      following notice of the breach and July 1, 2002, by Cendant or Galaxy
      Acquisition Corp., as the case may be, through the exercise of its
      reasonable best efforts; and

    .
the breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
      bullets one through three above under the heading "Conditions to the
      Completion of the Merger" in this summary, relating to Galileo's
      obligation to complete the merger; or

  .
if the Cendant average trading price is less than or equal to $14.00.

   
In addition, Cendant may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to
the completion of the merger:

  .
upon a terminating breach on the part of Galileo.
However, Cendant may
    not terminate the merger agreement under this provision until the earlier
    of 45 days following notice of such terminating breach and July 1, 2002,
    if the terminating breach is curable on or prior to the earlier of 45
    days following notice of the terminating breach and July 1, 2002 by
    Galileo through the exercise of its reasonable best efforts;

  .
if a change in the recommendation of the Galileo board has occurred; or

  .
if Galileo has breached any representation and warranty set forth in the
    merger agreement in any material respect; provided, that:

    .
Cendant may not terminate the merger agreement under this provision
      until the earlier of 45 days following notice of the breach and July
      1, 2002, if the breach is curable on or prior to the earlier of 45
      days following notice of the breach and July 1, 2002 by Galileo
      through the exercise of its reasonable best efforts; and

    .
the breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
      bullets one and two above under the heading "Conditions to the
      Completion of the Merger" in this summary, relating to Cendant's
      obligation to complete the merger.


Termination Fee and Expenses

   Galileo must pay to Cendant a termination fee of $100 million and up to $10
million of Cendant's expenses actually incurred upon the first to occur of any
of the following events:

  .
the termination of the merger agreement by Cendant or Galileo pursuant to
    the second bullet under the first full paragraph under the heading
    "Termination of the Merger Agreement" in this summary, or the termination
    of the merger agreement by Cendant pursuant to the first and third
    bullets under the third full paragraph (relating to Cendant's ability to
    terminate the merger agreement) under the heading "Termination of the
    Merger Agreement" in this summary; provided, that, prior to the
    termination, Galileo becomes aware that any person has made or intends to
    make a proposal relating to a third-party acquisition and, within 12
    months following the date of the termination, a third-party acquisition
    is consummated or a definitive agreement with respect to a third-party
    acquisition is executed by Galileo;

  .
the termination of the merger agreement by Cendant pursuant to the second
    bullet under the third full paragraph (relating to Cendant's ability to
    terminate the merger agreement) under the heading "Termination of the
    Merger Agreement" in this summary; or

  .
the termination of the merger agreement by Cendant or Galileo pursuant to
    the fourth bullet under the first full paragraph under the heading
    "Termination of the Merger Agreement" in this summary; provided, that
    Cendant had the right to terminate under the second bullet under the
    third full paragraph

   (relating to Cendant's ability to terminate the merger agreement) under
   the heading "Termination of the Merger Agreement" in this summary, or a
   third-party acquisition is publicly announced or otherwise made known to
   the public at or prior to the Galileo stockholders meeting and, within 12
   months following the date of the termination, a third-party acquisition is
   consummated or a definitive agreement with respect to a third-party
   acquisition is executed by Galileo.

   
In the event of a termination of the merger agreement pursuant to the
fourth bullet under the first full paragraph under the heading "Termination of
the Merger Agreement" in this summary in circumstances where the third bullet
under the first full paragraph under the heading "Termination Fee and
Expenses" is not applicable, Galileo will pay, or cause to be paid, to
Cendant, Cendant's expenses actually incurred up to $10 million.

   
Notwithstanding anything under the first full paragraph under the heading
entitled "Termination Fee and Expenses" in this summary or the stock option
agreement, in no event will the sum of the termination fee to be paid to
Cendant under the merger agreement and the aggregate amounts actually paid to
or realized by Cendant pursuant to the stock option agreement, exceed $100
million.

                              
THE VOTING AGREEMENT

   
The following is a summary of the material terms of the transaction support
agreement, known as the voting agreement, and is qualified by reference to the
complete text of the agreement, which is incorporated by reference and attached
to this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex B. You should read the voting
agreement carefully and in its entirety.


Agreement to Vote and Proxy

   In connection with the merger agreement, United and Covia entered into a
voting agreement with Cendant.
At June 15, 2001, Covia beneficially owned
15,940,000 outstanding shares of Galileo common stock.
These shares represented
18.2% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock at
June 30, 2001.

   
Under the terms of the voting agreement, Covia agreed that, until the voting
agreement is terminated, it would vote, or cause to be voted, and grant Cendant
a proxy to vote, all of its shares:

  .
in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement;

  .
against any third-party acquisition; and

  .
against any proposed action by Galileo, Galileo's stockholders or any
    other person, the result of which action could prevent or materially
    delay completion of the merger.

   
In addition, Covia granted to and appointed Cendant, and any designee of
Cendant, Covia's proxy and attorney-in-fact to vote Covia's shares in the
manner set forth above.

   
Each of United and Covia agreed not to enter into any agreement or
commitment with any person, the effect of which would be inconsistent with or
violative of the provisions and agreements set forth above.


Restrictions on Transfer

   Each of United and Covia agreed with Cendant that, during the period
commencing on the date of the voting agreement and ending on the date that the
voting agreement is terminated, Covia will not transfer to any person its
shares.
A transfer is deemed to include the sale, transfer, pledge,
hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or disposition of such securities or the
beneficial ownership of such securities, the offer to make such a sale,
transfer or other disposition, and each option, agreement, arrangement or
understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.


Standstill

   Each of United and Covia agreed with Cendant that, during the period
commencing on the date of the voting agreement and ending on the date the
voting agreement is terminated:

  .
United and Covia will not solicit or participate in any solicitation of
    proxies with respect to any shares of Galileo common stock, nor will they
    seek to advise or influence any person with respect to the voting of any
    shares of Galileo common stock, other than to recommend that Galileo
    stockholders vote in favor of the merger and the merger agreement and
    otherwise as expressly provided for under the heading "Agreement to Vote
    and Proxy" in this summary;

  .
United and Covia will not deposit any shares of Galileo common stock or
    Galileo special voting preferred stock in a voting trust or subject any
    shares of Galileo common stock or Galileo special voting preferred stock
    to any arrangement or agreement with any person with respect to the
    voting of those shares of Galileo common stock or Galileo special voting
    preferred stock, except as provided for above under the heading
    "Agreement to Vote and Proxy" in this summary;

  .
United and Covia will not seek control of the management, board of
    directors or policies of Galileo, encourage, invite, initiate or solicit
    any inquiries relating to or the submission or making of a proposal

   by any person with respect to a third-party acquisition, participate in or
   encourage, invite, initiate or solicit negotiations or discussions with,
   or furnish or cause to be furnished any information to, any person
   relating to a third-party acquisition.