URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/32258/000091205701523089/0000912057-01-523089.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE TRANSACTION

    In August 1999, Datron engaged Philpott Ball & Werner, or PBW, as its
financial advisor to assist Datron in seeking strategic alternatives to maximize
stockholder value.
In September 1999, Datron received from L-3 Communications
Corporation an unsolicited written expression of interest in acquiring Datron.

After consulting with the Datron board, David A. Derby, Datron's Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, arranged to meet with L-3 Communications'
management to discuss a possible acquisition of Datron by L-3 Communications.

Mr. Derby and a representative of PBW met with L-3 Communications' management in
early October 1999.
After a discussion of Datron's and L-3 Communications'
businesses, Mr. Derby indicated that he would be interested in further
discussions with L-3 Communications after it had completed another acquisition
in which it was then engaged.
Datron heard nothing further from L-3
Communications at that time.

    
In November 1999, after an introduction made by a member of the board of
directors of Titan, representatives of Datron made a presentation to senior
executives of Titan relating to a possible transaction between the two
companies.
After these presentations, Titan informed Datron that, given Titan's
engagement with several other significant transactions, Titan would not be able
to pursue a transaction with Datron at that time.

    
In February 2000, Datron specifically engaged PBW to find a buyer for
Datron's subsidiary, Datron World Communications, Inc., or Datron World.
In
August 2000, L-3 Communications sent PBW a written expression of interest in
acquiring the assets of Datron World.
In the course of discussions and due
diligence with respect to Datron World during August and September 2000, L-3
Communications again expressed an interest in acquiring not just Datron World
but all of Datron.
On September 15, 2000, L-3 Communications and Datron executed
a confidentiality agreement, including a one-year standstill arrangement, with
respect to a possible acquisition of Datron.
Although Datron indicated that it
would be receptive to an acquisition proposal by L-3 Communications, and
although Datron's officers made a presentation to L-3 Communications, L-3
Communications did not pursue further acquisition discussions with Datron.
In
October 2000, L-3 Communications informed PBW that it would not be interested in
an acquisition transaction with Datron or in acquiring the assets of Datron
World.
Throughout the discussions with L-3 Communications, Datron management
regularly advised the board about developments in the discussions.

    
After exploration of opportunities to sell Datron World, the Datron board
concluded that many of the likely buyers for Datron World were either themselves
for sale or undergoing some form of reorganization and that opportunities for a
favorable sale of Datron World were limited at that time.
The Datron board
decided instead to explore the possibility of acquiring another company.
During
the period from April 2000 to March 2001 Datron engaged in preliminary
discussions with respect to possible acquisitions of or mergers with several
companies, but none of the opportunities were deemed suitable.

    Beginning in November 2000, Acquisitor plc, a United Kingdom company,
started accumulating shares of Datron common stock in market transactions.
On
November 15, 2000, Acquisitor filed a statement on Schedule 13D with the SEC
announcing that it had beneficially acquired 7.26% of Datron's common stock and
stating that the purpose of its investment was to have open communications with
the management of Datron in order to monitor their efforts to increase
stockholder value.
Acquisitor also stated in its initial Schedule 13D filing
that it may in the future take such actions with respect to its investment in
Datron as it deems appropriate including, without limitation, purchasing
additional shares of common stock in the open market or otherwise, making an
offer to purchase up to all of Datron's outstanding shares of common stock
through a negotiated transaction or otherwise, seeking to nominate a slate of
directors to Datron's board of directors or presenting proposals for
stockholders' consideration at an annual or special meeting of the Datron
stockholders.
In the period of time from November 15, 2000 to February 2001,
Acquisitor continued to periodically purchase additional shares of Datron common
stock.
To Datron's knowledge, currently Acquisitor beneficially owns
approximately 14.97% of Datron's outstanding common stock.
Datron management has
kept the Datron board advised of Acquisitor's accumulations of Datron common
stock on a periodic basis.

    
On April 24, 2001, Acquisitor sent a letter to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Datron requesting, among other things, that Datron (i) appoint two
persons designated by Acquisitor to serve on Datron's board of directors,
(ii) eliminate Datron's Stockholders' Rights Plan, and (iii) amend Datron's
charter and bylaws to allow a 10% or greater stockholder to call a special
meeting of the stockholders.
The April 24, 2001 letter also called for a review
of strategic alternatives available to Datron including a sale of Datron and/or
a change in Datron's management.
The Datron board considered Acquisitor's letter
and determined not to comply with Acquisitor's requests.
Between November 2000
and April 2001, Duncan Soukup, Acquisitor's managing director, had one meeting
and

several telephone conversations with members of Datron's management to discuss
Datron's business, operations and plans.
Also, during that time period,
representatives of Acquisitor and Lionheart Group, Inc., an affiliate of
Acquisitor, contacted Datron's officers to discuss publicly available
information about Datron.
Datron management kept the Datron board informed of
significant events associated with Acquisitor.
On May 18, 2001, in a letter
addressed to Datron, Acquisitor notified Datron that Acquisitor intended to
nominate four of its designees for election to the Datron board and to conduct a
proxy contest to elect Acquisitor's designees to the Datron board.
In a separate
letter to the board of directors of Datron, also dated May 18, 2001, Acquisitor
offered, among other things, not to solicit proxies to replace members of the
Datron board if Datron engaged an investment bank with a proven track record in
aerospace, defense and communication industries acceptable to Acquisitor,
redeemed Datron's poison pill and included two of Acquisitor's nominees in
Datron's slate of nominees for director.
The Datron board considered and
declined to accept Acquisitor's proposal.
Before the board's decision to decline
Acquisitor's proposal was conveyed to Acquisitor, Acquisitor withdrew its offer
to not solicit proxies for its board nominees in a letter dated May 31, 2001.
On
June 22, 2001, Acquisitor filed preliminary proxy materials with the SEC for the
purpose of contesting the election of Datron's nominees to the board and
electing Acquisitor's own nominees.

    
On March 23, 2001, Mr. Derby received an unsolicited letter from BNP
Paribas, a financial advisor based in New York, seeking information about
Datron, and inquiring whether Datron would be interested in discussions about a
possible transaction.
In a subsequent telephone conversation BNP Paribas
identified its client as Zodiac SA, a company domiciled in France.
On April 9,
2001, Mr. Derby met with representatives of BNP Paribas.
On May 18, 2001, Zodiac
signed a confidentiality agreement, including a one-year standstill arrangement,
with Datron, and on May 24, 2001 Zodiac received a confidential memorandum
describing Datron's business.
A meeting between representatives of Datron and
representatives of Zodiac was scheduled for June 18 and 19, 2001 to take place
in Paris during Mr. Derby's business trip to Paris in connection with the Paris
Air Show.
That meeting was canceled by Datron on June 18, 2001 after Datron
signed a no-shop agreement with Titan.

    
On May 1, 2001, Dr. Gene Ray, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Titan,
called Mr. Derby to request a meeting to discuss the potential synergies between
Titan's e-tenna technology and Datron's mobile satellite communication products.

On May 3, 2001, Dr. Ray sent Mr. Derby materials on e-tenna, together with a
proprietary information agreement that Mr. Derby signed and returned to Titan.

    
On May 8, 2001, a newspaper article about Acquisitor's acquisition of Datron
common stock was published in the San Diego Union-Tribune.
On May 9, 2001,
Dr. Ray called Mr. Derby to inquire about the San Diego Union-Tribune article
and to inquire about Acquisitor's intentions.
Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby agreed to
meet the next day.

    
On May 10, 2001, Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby met in Vista, California and
discussed each company's business plans and strategies.
On the same day,
Mr. Derby and Dr. Ray executed a confidentiality agreement, including a one-year
standstill arrangement, in connection with a possible acquisition transaction
between Titan and Datron, and Mr. Derby provided to Dr. Ray certain Datron
financial information.
Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby agreed to meet again on May 18,
2001.

    
On May 18, 2001, Mr. Derby and William Stephan, Chief Financial Officer of
Datron, met at Titan's offices with Dr. Ray and Mellon Baird, Chief Executive
Officer of Titan Systems Corporation, a subsidiary of Titan, to discuss various
aspects of Datron's business and strategies.
At that meeting Datron provided to
Titan certain business forecast data, and Dr. Ray expressed Titan's interest in
pursuing an acquisition of Datron.

    
On May 31, 2001, in a telephone conversation between Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby,
Dr. Ray proposed that Titan acquire Datron in a stock-for-stock transaction.

Mr. Derby responded that Datron would consider Titan's proposal.

    
On June 1, 2001, Messrs. Derby and Stephan met with Dr. Ray and Eric
DeMarco, Titan's Chief Operating Officer.
Mr. Stephan presented an analysis of
anticipated cost savings that would result from a business combination of Datron
and Titan.
Messrs. Derby, Stephan and DeMarco and Dr. Ray discussed the general
structure of a stock-for-stock transaction, including pricing terms.

    
Later in the day, on June 1, 2001, Mr. Derby received a fax from Acquisitor
with an attached letter from L-3 Communications addressed to Acquisitor.
The
letter contained L-3 Communications' expression of interest in a possible
acquisition of the assets of Datron.
Dr. Ray called Mr. Derby later that day and
offered specific pricing terms for Titan's acquisition proposal.
At that time,
Mr. Derby informed Dr. Ray that Datron had received an expression of interest
from another company.
Dr. Ray informed Mr. Derby that Titan would provide Datron
a written expression of interest by June 4, 2001.

    
On June 4, 2001, Datron received Titan's written expression of interest in
acquiring Datron in a stock-for-stock transaction.
The expression of interest
included pricing terms and an adjustment mechanism, or collar, that would adjust
the exchange ratio in response to changes in the average price of Titan stock
over a specified period of time.
Later that day, Datron convened a special
telephonic meeting of the Datron board.
Representatives of PBW and Heller Ehrman
White & McAuliffe LLP, Datron's legal counsel, participated in the meeting and
provided financial and legal advice to the Datron board.
The Datron board
discussed the expression of interest from L-3 Communications and reviewed the
prior history of discussions with that company.
The Datron board then reviewed
and discussed Titan's written expression of interest.
The Datron board also
considered other possible options available to Datron, including the fact that
Datron had preliminary discussions with financial advisors for Zodiac.
At the
end of the meeting, the board unanimously authorized Datron's management to
proceed with negotiations with Titan as expeditiously as possible.
PBW was
instructed to contact L-3 Communications and request that L-3 Communications
clarify its proposal and communicate directly with Datron's management rather
than with Acquisitor, which was not authorized to receive acquisition proposals
on behalf of Datron.

    
On June 6, 2001, Titan and its outside legal counsel, Cooley Godward LLP,
began a due diligence review of Datron.
Simultaneously, Cooley Godward began
drafting definitive acquisition documents.
On June 7, 2001, PBW conducted a due
diligence review of Titan and reported to Datron's management the results of its
review.
On June 8, 2001, Datron's management conducted additional due diligence
with respect to Titan.

    
On June 9, 2001, Titan provided to Datron for review drafts of the
definitive acquisition documents.
Between June 13 and June 22, 2001, senior
management and the legal advisors of Titan and Datron conducted a series of
discussions of the terms of the acquisition agreements during several meetings
and conference calls.

    
On June 11, 2001, Datron received a letter from L-3 Communications addressed
to Datron.
The letter contained an expression of interest in a transaction
pursuant to which L-3 Communications would acquire substantially all of the
assets and assume the liabilities of Datron for approximately $52.0 million in
cash.
The expression of interest included a number of assumptions and
contingencies including completion of confirmatory due diligence and the
assumption that Datron would have $11.0 million of cash on hand and debt of
$3.0 million.
In that letter, L-3 Communications also requested that Datron
agree to a 60-day exclusive negotiation period with L-3 Communications and a
break-up fee of $3.0 million payable in the event of a breach of the exclusivity
arrangement.
On June 13, 2001, in a letter on behalf of Datron, PBW responded to
L-3 Communications that (i) a transaction involving the sale of assets would
have an adverse tax consequence for Datron and its stockholders, (ii) a 60-day
period of exclusive negotiations with L-3 Communications would not be acceptable
to Datron, and (iii) a break-up fee would only be appropriate in a definitive
agreement and not in connection with an agreement to negotiate exclusively with
L-3 Communications.
The PBW letter also informed L-3 Communications that
Acquisitor was not an authorized representative of

Datron.
On June 14, 2001, L-3 Communications orally advised PBW that it would
modify its cash for assets proposal and would propose to acquire all of Datron's
common stock for approximately $52.0 million in cash.
L-3 Communications would
require Datron to agree to a 45-day exclusivity period but would defer requiring
a $3.0 million break-up fee until execution of a definitive agreement.
The other
assumptions and contingencies would remain as expressed in L-3 Communications'
June 11, 2001 letter.

    
On June 15, 2001, the Datron board convened a special meeting with
representatives of PBW and Heller Ehrman present at the meeting.
The Datron
board reviewed with Heller Ehrman the structure of the proposed acquisition by
Titan, the pricing terms and the other terms and provisions of the drafts of the
merger agreement and other related agreements.
The Datron board discussed PBW's
written analysis of the transaction and received PBW's oral, preliminary opinion
that the transaction was fair to the stockholders of Datron from a financial
point of view.
The Datron board was advised by PBW that on June 14, 2001, L-3
Communications had modified its expression of interest in a transaction with
Datron and now proposed to acquire all of Datron's common stock.
The Datron
board discussed the price and other terms of the transaction proposed by L-3
Communications.
The Datron board unanimously authorized management to continue
negotiating the definitive acquisition agreements with Titan and scheduled
another meeting after final drafts of the definitive acquisition agreements were
distributed to the board.

    
On June 15, 2001, Datron agreed with Titan that Datron would cancel a
meeting with Zodiac previously scheduled for June 18 and 19, 2001, if before the
time for the meeting major business issues in the definitive acquisition
documents were resolved in principle.
On June 15, 2001, Datron signed a no-shop
agreement with Titan in which it agreed not to engage in acquisition discussions
with any other party until 5 p.m., California time, on June 20, 2001.
Datron
agreed to the no-shop agreement with Titan because it believed that (i) it was
very close to signing a favorable agreement with Titan that was subject to very
limited contingencies, (ii) Titan would walk away from the transaction if Datron
declined to sign the no-shop agreement and chose instead to discuss more
speculative transactions with others and (iii) the no shop requested was only
for five days.
On June 15, 2001, PBW was instructed by Datron not to respond to
L-3 Communications because Datron had signed a no-shop agreement with Titan.

    
On June 22, 2001, the Datron board convened a special meeting and discussed
with legal counsel the draft merger agreement and other related agreements.

Management reported on the progress of the negotiations with Titan since the
last meeting and the final pricing terms.
The Datron board also received PBW's
oral opinion that the proposed consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair to the stockholders of Datron from a financial point of view,
and PBW confirmed that it would subsequently provide a written opinion to the
Datron board.
The Datron board unanimously approved the acquisition of Datron by
Titan, the proposed exchange offer, the merger, the merger agreement and related
agreements and voted unanimously to recommend the acquisition to the Datron
stockholders.

    
Datron and Titan executed the merger agreement on June 24, 2001, and
announced the transaction in press releases on the morning of June 25, 2001.

    
On June 25, 2001, PBW received a letter from L-3 Communications expressing
surprise at the announced acquisition of Datron by Titan and questioning certain
matters related to the expression of interest by L-3 Communications and the
subsequent interactions between Datron representatives and L-3 Communications.

    
On June 26, 2001, Heller Ehrman, in a letter on behalf of Datron, responded
to the June 25, 2001 letter from L-3 Communications explaining, among other
things, that the Datron board had acted responsibly and had determined to enter
into a transaction with Titan.
On June 27, 2001, Datron filed

with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K
attaching the L-3 Communications letters and Datron's responses to each of the
letters.

    
On June 28, 2001, Datron received another letter from L-3 Communications
containing a proposal to acquire all of Datron's common stock, including
options, for $16.25 per share, subject to the cash balances and net assets of
Datron having remained at the levels disclosed in Datron's March 31, 2001
balance sheet.
The letter also indicated that L-3 Communications would perform
confirmatory due diligence and negotiate the terms of the transaction before
entering into a definitive agreement.

    
The Datron board met by conference telephone call on June 29, 2001, and
discussed L-3's proposal.
PBW, Heller Ehrman and Datron's Delaware counsel
consulted with the board, and PBW expressed its view that L-3's proposal was not
superior to the Titan transaction.
The Datron board concluded that L-3's most
recent proposal was not superior to the Titan transaction for the reasons
described below in the section "DATRON'S REASONS FOR THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE
MERGER.
"

    On July 3, 2001, Datron sent a letter to L-3 Communications stating that the
Datron board had determined that L-3 Communications' June 28, 2001 acquisition
proposal was not superior to the Titan transaction.
On the same day, Datron
filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K attaching L-3 Communications'
June 28, 2001 letter and Datron's July 3, 2001 response.


DATRON'S REASONS FOR THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE MERGER

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, including the
offer and the merger, the Datron board considered the factors described below:

    OPTIMIZED STOCKHOLDER VALUE.  
The Datron board considered the fact that the
value of the Titan common stock that Datron stockholders would receive for their
Datron common stock would represent a premium over recent and historical market
values of Datron common stock.
The Datron board also considered the benefits of
owning stock of a company with a large market capitalization, noting that, the
stock of small capitalization companies can be volatile, and historically, large
capitalization stocks have tended to be somewhat less volatile than small
capitalization stocks.
The Datron board also noted that the expenses associated
with being a publicly-held company are disproportionately high for companies
with a small market capitalization.

    
TAX-FREE REORGANIZATION.  
The Datron board also considered the fact that the
transaction with Titan was structured as a tax-free reorganization, which would
allow stockholders flexibility in their personal tax planning.
Those who wished
to defer taxes could retain the Titan common stock they receive in the
transaction while others who did not choose to defer taxes could sell their
Titan common stock and pay taxes on any gain currently.
Further, Datron
stockholders who hold Datron common stock as a capital asset but who had not
held their Datron stock long enough to qualify for long-term capital gains
treatment could elect to hold Titan stock until the combined periods during
which they held Datron and Titan common stock were long enough to qualify for
long-term capital gains treatment.

    
STOCKHOLDER LIQUIDITY.  
The weekly trading volume of Titan common stock on
the New York Stock Exchange relative to the number of shares of Titan common
stock to be received by Datron stockholders in the transaction is significant.

The Datron board believed that those stockholders who wished to liquidate their
Titan holdings would be able to do so readily in a short period of time.
By
contrast, the weekly trading volume of Datron common stock on the Nasdaq
National Market System is relatively low.

    
STRATEGIC FACTORS.  
Datron and Titan have similar technological and cultural
backgrounds stemming from their development and production of products for the
U.S. Department of Defense.
Both companies have successfully adapted
technologies developed in support of defense contracts for commercial and
consumer applications.
The Datron board believed that the companies'
technologies

and research and development resources complement each other and that the
combination of Datron and Titan would result in a combined company with an
enhanced development capability and expanded product base.
The Datron board also
believed that Datron's experience in financing international sales and its
historically strong international distribution network would be a significant
asset to Titan.
The Datron board believed that, as a result of these and other
factors, the combined company could achieve overall increases in sales greater
than the companies might achieve operating independently.

    
MOST FAVORABLE OPPORTUNITY.  
The Datron board believed that the transaction
with Titan was the transaction most favorable to the Datron stockholders that
had been or was likely to be presented to Datron.
The Datron board's belief is
based, in part, on a comparison of the indications of interest that Datron has
received during the time that PBW has been engaged to seek alternatives to
maximize stockholder value.
Discussions with other potential acquirors had not
advanced beyond preliminary stages.
At its June 29, 2001 meeting, the Datron
board concluded, after consultation with PBW, that the June 28, 2001 proposal
from L-3 Communications was not superior to the Titan transaction.
PBW noted
that the price L-3 Communications proposed was nominally higher than the price
of the Titan transaction and that L-3 Communications had proposed cash
consideration, which was not subject to the market risks to which Titan's stock
consideration was subject.
PBW also noted, however, that L-3 Communications'
proposal was not an unconditional offer and the consideration would be taxable
to Datron stockholders.
Before L-3 Communications would enter into a binding
commitment, it proposed to conduct confirmatory due diligence and negotiate the
terms of the agreements.
Further, L-3 Communications' proposal stated that the
proposed price was based on there being no changes in Datron's net cash and net
assets from the amounts reflected in its March 31, 2001 balance sheet.
Datron's
net cash had declined materially since March 31, 2001.
Datron's cash would be
further reduced by the break-up fee payable to Titan if Datron consummated a
transaction with L-3 Communications.
These conditions would likely result in a
further negotiation of or adjustment to the price.
In view of the significant
uncertainty as to whether a transaction could be completed with L-3
Communications and as to the terms of such transaction, PBW did not believe that
L-3 Communications' proposal was superior to the Titan transaction.
The Datron
board and PBW also considered the past history of dealings with L-3
Communications, including the fact that in both 1999 and 2000 L-3 Communications
had given Datron written indications of interest in acquiring Datron and in each
case, after only limited discussions, had communicated that it no longer had an
interest in an acquisition.
In view of its past dealings with L-3 Communications
and the contingencies associated with L-3 Communications' proposal, the Datron
board was not confident that a transaction could be completed with L-3
Communications on the terms in its proposal.
Based on these factors, including
its consultation with PBW, the Datron board concluded that L-3 Communications'
proposal was not superior to the Titan transaction.

    CONSIDERATION.  
The Datron board believes that the merger agreement with
Titan provides for a fair method of combining the equities of the two companies
and that the consideration to be received by the Datron stockholders is fair to
the Datron stockholders.
In reaching this conclusion, the Datron board relied in
part upon its own knowledge of Datron's financial condition, results of
operations, business, technologies, services and products, on both a historical
and prospective basis, as well as current industry, economic and market
conditions.
The Datron board also considered the opinion of its financial
advisor, PBW, that the transaction is fair to the stockholders of Datron from a
financial point of view.

    
The above discussion of the information and factors considered by the Datron
board is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include all material
factors considered by the Datron board.
In view of the variety of factors
considered by the Datron board in connection with its evaluation of the offer
and the merger, the Datron board did not find it practicable to and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered
in reaching its determination.
In addition, the Datron board did not reach any
specific conclusion on each factor

considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but conducted an overall
analysis of these factors.
Individual members of the Datron board may have given
different weight to different factors.
However, after taking into account all of
the factors described above, the Datron board has unanimously approved the
merger agreement, determined that the exchange offer and the merger are
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Datron stockholders and
unanimously recommends that Datron stockholders accept the exchange offer and
tender their shares pursuant to the exchange offer.


OPINION OF PHILPOTT BALL & WERNER

    Datron retained PBW in August 1999 to act as its financial adviser in
connection with a possible merger and related matters.
Datron selected PBW as
its financial advisor based on Datron's knowledge of PBW developed in the course
of an informal relationship over a number of years.
A former investment banker
to Datron introduced George Ball of PBW to Mr. Derby prior to 1999.
PBW and
Datron developed an informal relationship in which PBW advised Datron from time
to time on various financial matters.
When Datron decided to seek strategic
alternatives to maximize stockholder value in 1999, it selected PBW as its
financial advisor based on the mutual trust that had been established between
the two firms over the years.

    
As part of its engagement, PBW agreed to render an opinion with respect to
the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the subject transaction if
requested by Datron's board.
In connection with the offer and the merger, PBW
rendered an opinion, dated June 22, 2001, to the Datron board that, as of the
date of the opinion, the consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair to Datron's stockholders from a financial point of view.

While Titan proposed the original terms of the transaction (including an
exchange price), the terms of the offer and merger resulted from the
negotiations between Datron, whom PBW assisted, and Titan.
The opinion was based
upon a review of the companies from a financial point of view.

    
The summary of the opinion contained in this prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion, dated June 22, 2001,
which has been filed as ANNEX C hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The opinion contains a description of the matters considered by PBW and the
limitations on the scope of its investigation.
Datron stockholders are
encouraged to read the opinion carefully and in its entirety.

    
The opinion is addressed to the Datron board in connection with its
evaluation of the offer and the merger, and it does not constitute a
recommendation to the Datron board to proceed with the merger.
Additionally, the
opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Datron common
stock as to whether to tender shares pursuant to the offer or vote for the
merger.
The opinion relates solely to the question of fairness to Datron
stockholders, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be
received pursuant to the merger agreement.
Further, PBW expresses no opinion as
to the structure, terms or effect of any other aspect of the merger, including,
without limitation, any effect resulting from the application of any bankruptcy
proceeding, fraudulent conveyance, or other international, federal or state
insolvency law, or of any pending or threatened litigation affecting Datron or
Titan.
PBW also expresses no opinion as to the tax consequences of the offer or
merger.

    
As part of its engagement, PBW's activities included, but were not limited
to, the following:

    (i) a review of successive drafts of the merger agreement;

    (ii) discussions with Datron's management concerning the nature of the
         negotiations and the terms of the merger agreement;

   (iii) an investigation of the current operations and future prospects of
         Datron and Titan and thorough interviews with members of Datron's and
         Titan's respective management representatives;

    (iv) a review of the projected exchange ratio of shares of Datron per share
         of Titan based upon the terms of the merger agreement;

    (v) a review of certain Datron and Titan historical financial statements and
        the financial projections of Datron and Titan;

    (vi) a review of the market data for stocks of public companies in the same
         or similar lines of business as Datron and Titan, including
         calculations of public market valuations relative to various financial
         measures including revenue, EBITDA and EBIT;

   (vii) a review of certain acquisitions which PBW deemed comparable for
         analytical purposes;

  (viii) an analysis of the valuations of Datron's and Titan's share prices or
         values based on the discounted present value of respective projected
         cash flows;

    (ix) a review of the industries in which Datron and Titan operate; and

    (x) other analyses which PBW deemed necessary.

    
On June 15, 2001, PBW was informed by Datron of the no-shop agreement with
Titan and was instructed not to respond to L-3 concerning L-3's renewed
expression of interest in a transaction with Datron.

    
PBW relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, the accuracy
and completeness of all financial and other information publicly available, or
furnished to, or otherwise discussed with PBW, including financial statements
and financial projections, as provided by the management of Datron and Titan.

PBW was not engaged to, and did not, independently verify the information
provided and performed no audit of assets or liabilities and no independent
appraisal of assets or liabilities of either Datron or Titan.
PBW has relied
upon the assurances of the management of Datron and Titan that they are not
aware of any facts that would make such information inaccurate or misleading.

The analyses performed by PBW are not necessarily indicative of actual values,
or actual future results that may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses.
Such analyses were prepared solely as a part of
PBW's analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Datron's
stockholders, of the consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement.

    
In rendering the opinion, PBW applied its judgment to a variety of complex
analyses and assumptions.
PBW may have given various analyses more or less
weight than other analyses and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions.
The assumptions made and the judgments applied
by PBW in rendering its opinion are not readily susceptible to description
beyond that set forth in the written text of the opinion itself.

    
The opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions in
effect on, and the information made available to PBW as of, the date of the
opinion.
The opinion, in any event, is limited to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to Datron's stockholders of the consideration to be paid to the
stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement.

    
Each of the analyses conducted by PBW was carried out to provide a different
perspective on the merger and to enhance the total mix of information.
PBW did
not form a conclusion as to whether any individual analysis, considered in
isolation, supported or failed to support an opinion as to the fairness to the
Datron stockholders, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be
received pursuant to the merger agreement.
PBW did not place any specific
reliance or weight on any individual analysis, but instead concluded that its
analyses, taken as a whole, supported its determination.
Accordingly, PBW
believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses or the factors it considered, without considering all
analyses and factors collectively, could create an incomplete view of the
process underlying the analyses performed by PBW in connection with the
preparation of the opinion.

    
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by PBW
in preparing the opinion.

    
SELECTED PUBLIC COMPANY ANALYSIS.  
Using publicly available information, PBW
compared selected financial data of Datron with similar data for 10 small
capitalization communication companies (i) that do substantial business with the
U.S. government and (ii) that have annual revenues of up to $2.0 billion and
averaging $603.0 million, referred to as the electronic communications peers.

PBW considered the electronic communications peers to be engaged in businesses
reasonably comparable to those of Datron and to have operating, organizational
and overall business similarities with Datron, but noted that none of these
companies has the same management, composition, size or combination of
businesses as Datron.
The electronic communications peers are:

    - Andrew Corporation

    - Applied Signal Technology, Inc.

    - Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

    - DRS Technologies, Inc.

    - EMS Technologies, Inc.

    - Harris Corporation

    - L-3 Communications

    - Paravant Inc.

    - Raydyne Comstream, Inc.

    - RELM Wireless Communications

    The median, mean and adjusted mean (excluding the maximum and minimum
values) valuation multiples for the electronic communications peer group were
determined.
Based upon a review of that information and closing stock prices on
June 19, 2001, PBW determined that the exchange offer and Datron's current stock
price generally are above the median, mean and adjusted mean valuation levels of
its peer group.

                                                                
DATRON          ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION PEERS
                                                 EXCHANGE      CURRENT       -------------------------------------
                                                  OFFER         PRICE         MEDIAN         MEAN        ADJ.
MEAN
                                                 --------      
--------      --------      --------      
---------

Total Invested Capital to:
TTM Revenue....................................     0.8x          0.7x          1.1x          1.0x           1.0x
TTM EBITDA.....................................    
16.0x         13.0x          8.4x          8.9x           8.7x
TTM EBIT.......................................    
37.9x         30.9x         12.1x         13.6x          12.6x

Note: Total invested capital includes debt and equity.
TTM means the trailing 12
months ended March 31, 2001.
Adj.
Mean equals the mean less the maximum and
minimum values in the data set.

    
PBW also calculated a range of imputed values for the equity of Datron based
on the valuation multiples for the electronic communication peers.
PBW used the
average multiples of the peer group, after excluding maximum and minimum values
and negative multiples.
PBW discounted the valuation multiples after considering
the size and financial performance of each peer group company relative to
Datron's size and performance.
Additionally, PBW applied a premium for control
to the valuation multiples in order to determine the imputed value of Datron for
comparison to the offer.
This analysis resulted in an implied value for Datron
of $36.7 million (less debt and plus cash).
PBW noted that the equity valuation
of the offer and merger of $51.0 million is considerably above this implied
value.

    
SELECTED TRANSACTION ANALYSIS.  
Hundreds of transactions were screened in an
attempt to find business combinations involving companies similar to Datron.

This analysis is limited to analyzing transactions involving public companies
for which financial and valuation data is publicly disclosed.

    
Using publicly available information, PBW examined the following
transactions involving manufacturers of communication and electronic equipment,
referred to as the guideline transactions:

TARGET                                         ACQUIROR
- ------                                         --------

DTM Corp.                                      3D Systems Corp.
ADS Power Resource Inc.                        MagneTek Inc.
Detection Systems Inc.                         Robert Bosch GmbH
Robinson Nugent Inc.                           Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing
Tech-Sym Corp.                                 Veritas Capital Fund LP
Comptek Research Inc.                          Northrop Grumman Corp.
Ring PLC                                       Catalina Lighting Inc.
Group Long Distance Inc.                       Coyote Network Systems Inc.
Cross Technology Inc.                          HEI Inc.
Westland Control Systems Inc.                  Productivity Technologies Corp.
Eastern Acoustics Works Inc.                   Mackie Designs Inc.
Zing Technologies Inc.                         International Rectifier Corp.
Moore Products Co.                             Siemens AG
AIL Technologies Inc.                          EDO Corp.
OZ Technologies Inc.                           Cerprobe Corp.
Garrett Communications Inc.                    Waters Instruments Inc.
CEM Corp.                                      Private Group
Cade Industries Inc.                           United Technologies Corp.
Align-Rite International Inc.                  Photronics Inc.
Kreisler Manufacturing Corp.                   Wood (John) Group PLC
Whittaker Corp.                                Meggitt PLC
Stimsonite Corp.                               Avery Dennison Corp.
Optek Technology Inc.                          Dyson-Kissner-Moran Corp.
Hach Co.                                       Danaher Corp.
Logitek Inc.                                   North Atlantic Instruments Inc.
DSP Technology Inc.                            MTS Systems Corp.
Control Devices Inc.                           First Technology PLC
General Microwave Corp.                        Herley Industries Inc.
Innova Corp.                                   Digital Microwave Corp.
DeCrane Aircraft Holdings Inc.                 Axa SA

    
The median valuation multiples for the guideline transactions were
determined.
Based upon a review of that information, PBW determined that the
exchange offer and Datron's current stock price are generally above the mean and
median valuations implied in the guideline transactions.

                                                                          
DATRON     GUIDELINE
                                                              EXCHANGE   CURRENT    TRANSACTIONS
                                                               OFFER      PRICE        MEDIAN
                                                              --------   --------   ------------

Total Invested Capital to:
TTM Revenue.................................................     0.8x       0.7x         1.2x
TTM EBITDA..................................................    
16.0x      13.0x         8.9x
TTM EBIT....................................................    37.9x      30.9x        12.3x

Note: Total invested capital includes debt and equity.
TTM means the trailing 12
months ended March 31, 2001.

    
PBW calculated a range of imputed values for the equity of Datron based on
the valuation multiples for the guideline transactions.
PBW discounted the
valuation multiples after considering the size and financial performance of the
acquired companies relative to Datron's size and performance.


This analysis resulted in an implied value for the equity of Datron of
$37.4 million (less debt and plus cash).
PBW again noted that the equity
valuation of the offer and merger was $51.0 million, well above this implied
value.

    DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
PBW performed a discounted cash flow, or
DCF, analysis for Datron on a stand-alone basis using management's projections
as adjusted by PBW for the risks that are associated with the implementation of
Datron's growth strategies.
The discounted future net cash flow was calculated
assuming a weighted average cost of capital (discount rate) of 13.9%, developed
using the capital asset pricing model, and was comprised of the sum of the
present values of:

    - the projected unlevered net free cash flows for the years 2001 through
      2005; and

    - the anticipated future 2005 terminal value.
The terminal value was
      determined by calculating multiples of projected 2005 EBITDA ranging from
      6.0x to 7.0x.

    
This analysis implies a reference range of prices per share of Datron from
$13.48 per share to $14.94 per share.
The reference range was not materially
changed by reasonable variations of key assumptions.
PBW noted that the equity
valuation of the offer and merger of $51 million is well above this implied
value.

    
ACQUISITION TRANSACTION PREMIUM ANALYSIS.  
Using publicly available
information, PBW examined 36 additional transactions involving publicly traded
aerospace and defense firms to determine premiums paid in these transactions
over the applicable stock price of the target company 30 days prior to the
announcement of the acquisition offer.
The following table summarizes the
premiums indicated from the above transactions:

PREMIUM   FREQUENCY   PERCENTAGE
- -------   ---------   ----------

  20.0%         3         8.3%
  40.0%         9        25.0%
  60.0%        14        38.9%
  80.0%         4        11.1%
 100.0%         3         8.3%
 120.0%         2         5.6%
 140.0%         0         0.0%
 More           1         2.8%

    This analysis implies a reference range of prices per share of Datron from
$13.24 per share to $17.65 per share, using premiums of 20% and 60%,
respectively, as applied to Datron's average 60-day closing price of $11.03 as
of June 19, 2001.
The range of premiums used is representative of over 70% of
the acquisition transactions included in PBW's analysis.
PBW noted that the
valuation of the offer and merger are within the range computed in this
analysis.

    
PBW, as part of its investment banking business, is continually engaged in
the valuation of businesses and corporate securities in connection with mergers,
acquisitions, company sales, business divestitures and valuations for estate,
corporate and other purposes.
Under the engagement letter signed by PBW and
Datron, as amended, Datron has agreed to pay PBW: (a) a retainer of $6,000 per
month, (b) a transaction fee equivalent to 1% of the consideration paid for the
total equity of Datron less any retainer fees paid after February 2001, payable
upon the closing of such transactions and (c) PBW's reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses.
Datron has also agreed to indemnify PBW against liabilities, including
defense expenses, arising out of PBW's engagement.


TITAN'S REASONS FOR THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE MERGER

    Titan believes a business combination with Datron will advance its strategic
objective of taking advantage through acquisitions of growth opportunities from
ongoing consolidation in the commercial and government telecommunications
industries.
Titan expects the combination with Datron to offer the following
strategic benefits to Titan after the merger:

    - enhancement of Titan's government and commercial telecommunications
      business revenues;

    - expansion of Titan's government and commercial telecommunications customer
      bases;

    - broadening of Titan's capability to serve the government
      telecommunications industry and to compete for new projects;

    - enhancement of Titan's ability to create, build and launch
      technology-based businesses;

    - augmentation of Titan's employee base in the San Diego, CA area, where a
      significant portion of its defense business is conducted;

    - synergies between Datron's consumer products business, which is targeting
      the mobile broadband communications markets, and Titan's e-tenna
      subsidiary, a developer of unique radio frequency technologies for the
      wireless market; and

    - augmentation of Titan's presence in foreign countries, where Datron has
      unique expertise in securing foreign government customers.

    
Titan's board of directors has determined that the merger is in the best
interests of Titan and its stockholders.
In reaching its determination, Titan's
board of directors considered a number of factors, including the factors
discussed above and listed below.
The conclusions reached by Titan's board of
directors with respect to the following factors supported its determination that
the transaction and the issuance of shares of Titan common stock in the exchange
offer and the merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, Titan and its
stockholders:

    - the judgment, advice and analysis of Titan's management with respect to
      the potential strategic, financial and operational benefits of the
      transaction, including management's favorable recommendation of the
      transaction, based in part on the business, technical, financial,
      accounting and legal due diligence investigations performed with respect
      to Datron;

    - the results of operations and financial condition of Titan and Datron; and

    - the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements, including the
      exchange ratio and structure, which were considered by both the board of
      directors and management of Titan to provide a fair and equitable basis
      for the transaction.

    
Titan's board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative
factors in its deliberations concerning the transaction.
The potentially
negative factors considered by Titan's board of directors included:

    - the risk that the transaction might not be completed in a timely manner or
      at all;

    - the potential dilutive effect on the Titan common stock price if revenue
      and earnings expectations of the combined company are not met;

    - the potential loss of key Datron employees critical to the ongoing success
      of the Datron products and to the successful integration of the Titan and
      Datron product lines;

    - the general difficulties of integrating products, technologies and
      companies; and

    - the other risks and uncertainties discussed above in the section entitled
      "RISK FACTORS" starting on page 22.

    
The above discussion of information and factors considered by Titan's board
of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include all
material factors considered by the board.
In view of the wide variety of factors
considered by Titan's board of directors, the board did not find it practicable
to quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors
considered.
In addition, Titan's board did not reach any specific conclusion on
each factor considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but conducted an
overall analysis of these factors.

    
Individual members of Titan's board may have given different weight to
different factors.
However, after taking into account all of the factors
described above, Titan's board of directors determined that the merger agreement
and the transaction were fair to, and in the best interests of, Titan and that
Titan should proceed with the transaction.


INTERESTS OF DATRON'S OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE TRANSACTION

    Certain of Datron's directors and officers may have interests in the
exchange offer and the merger that may be different from, or in addition to,
their interest as Datron stockholders.
You should be aware of those interests
when considering the unanimous recommendation of the Datron board that Datron
stockholders accept the exchange offer.

    
CERTAIN ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN DATRON AND ITS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS
     AND AFFILIATES

    Datron is a party to an amended and restated employment agreement with David
A. Derby providing for Mr. Derby's services as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Datron pursuant to which he is currently paid an annual salary of
$275,000, with vacation, holidays, insurance and other benefits permitted under
policies established by the Datron board.
Should Mr. Derby be involuntarily
terminated by Datron for any reason other than cause, he will receive a lump sum
payment equal to three times his then current annual salary.
If a transaction
occurs which results in the stockholders of Datron prior to the transaction
holding less than 50% of the voting power of Datron after the transaction, or if
subsequent to an annual meeting at which the Datron board is elected, the
elected members of the Datron board cease to constitute a majority of the
members of the board then in office, either Datron or Mr. Derby may terminate
the employment agreement, and Mr. Derby will receive a lump sum payment equal to
three times his then current salary.
If the exchange offer is consummated,
Mr. Derby will have the right to terminate the employment agreement and receive
the lump sum payment of three times his salary.
The employment agreement also
provides that, upon an assignment of the employment agreement by Datron,
Mr. Derby has the right to terminate the employment agreement if any successor
entity is not acceptable to him.
Datron may terminate the employment agreement
if Mr. Derby commits any material act of dishonesty in the discharge of his
duties.

    
Datron is a party to a severance agreement with William L. Stephan, Datron's
Chief Financial Officer, that provides 12 months of severance pay through salary
continuation in the event Mr. Stephan is involuntarily terminated by Datron for
any reason other than cause.
The severance agreement prohibits Mr. Stephan from
engaging in activities directly competing with Datron for 12 months after an
involuntary termination.

    
Under Datron's 1988 Key Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Mr. Derby borrowed
$164,000 from Datron to acquire 25,000 shares of Datron common stock in 1988 by
executing and delivering a full recourse promissory note.
The promissory note
provided an interest rate of 4.64% per annum and was repaid in full during
fiscal year 2001 by Mr. Derby's tender of 11,408 shares of Datron common stock
at the then market price of $14.375 per share.

    
A resolution of the Datron board dated September 7, 1999, as amended,
authorized the establishment of a bonus pool by Datron upon the execution and
delivery of a definitive agreement for the sale or merger of Datron.
The
September 7, 1999 board resolutions provide for payment in cash of

one-half of one percent of the total value of such transaction; 70% of such cash
payment will be paid to Mr. Stephan and 30% of such cash payment will be paid to
Penny Felicioni.
The payments under the bonus pool will be payable at the
effective date of the merger.

    
TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS

    Datron grants stock options to its employees, officers and directors under
Datron's Amended and Restated 1985 Stock Option Plan and its Amended and
Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan, and issues purchase rights under Datron's
Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Datron directors and officers hold options to
purchase Datron common stock as set forth below.

                                        
NUMBER OF SHARES        NUMBER OF UNVESTED
                                           OF DATRON        OPTIONS WHICH ACCELERATE
AT
NAME OF                                   COMMON STOCK         THE COMPLETION OF THE
OFFICER OR DIRECTOR                    SUBJECT TO OPTIONS         EXCHANGE OFFER
- -------------------                    ------------------   
---------------------------

David A. Derby.......................        75,000                    30,021
William L. Stephan...................        60,000                     6,700
Kent P. Ainsworth....................        20,000                     7,575
Richard W. Flatow....................         7,500                     7,500
Don M. Lyle..........................         7,500                     5,025
William A. Preston...................        20,000                     7,575
Robert D. Sherer.....................        20,000                     7,575

    Under the merger agreement, at the completion of the exchange offer, each
option or right to purchase Datron common stock will be assumed by Titan and
will be converted into an option or right to purchase Titan common stock,
subject to appropriate adjustments to reflect the exchange ratio.

    
In addition, on June 22, 2001, the Datron board adopted resolutions pursuant
to which, at the completion of the exchange offer, each option (including those
held by officers and directors of Datron) granted under Datron's option plans
which is not vested as of the completion of the exchange offer will become fully
vested and exercisable.

    
INDEMNIFICATION AND RELATED ARRANGEMENTS

    Mr. Derby and Mr. Stephan (as well as Datron's other current and former
officers and directors) are parties to indemnification agreements with Datron in
substantially the form approved by the stockholders at the Datron 1992 annual
meeting.
For a period of six years from the effective date of the merger, Titan
will, and will cause Datron, as the surviving corporation in the merger, to
fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of Datron pursuant to the
provisions of any indemnification agreements between Datron and its directors or
officers in effect as of the effective date of the merger, and any
indemnification provision under Datron's certificate of incorporation or bylaws
as in effect on the date of the merger agreement for acts or omissions occurring
prior to the effective date of the merger.

    
In addition, for a period of six years after the effective date of the
merger, the surviving corporation will provide directors' and officers'
liability insurance for Datron directors and officers on terms at least as
favorable as insurance maintained by Datron as of the date of the merger
agreement, for acts or omissions which occurred prior to the completion of the
exchange offer.

    
In addition, for those officers and directors who continue as officers and
directors of Datron after the completion of the exchange offer, Titan will cause
Datron or the surviving corporation to observe the terms of their
indemnification agreements, and Titan will make payments under the
indemnification agreements if such officers or directors have not been paid when
due for acts or omissions which occurred after the completion of the exchange
offer.
From and after the completion of the exchange

offer, Titan will also provide directors' and officers' liability coverage for
continuing directors and officers of Datron with respect to acts or omissions
after the completion of the exchange offer under Titan's existing policy for its
own directors and officers.

    
The above summary of the terms of the indemnification arrangement of
Datron's directors and officers is qualified in its entirety by reference to
Section 5.6 of the merger agreement, which has been filed as ANNEX A hereto and
is incorporated herein by reference.


MANAGEMENT OF TITAN AFTER THE TRANSACTIONS

    The management of Titan after the transactions will remain unchanged.

Information about the current directors and executive officers of Titan can be
found in Titan's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 which is
incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
See "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION.
"

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    Subject to the assumptions and limitations discussed below, in the opinion
of Cooley Godward LLP, counsel to Titan, and of Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe
LLP, counsel to Datron, the following discussion summarizes the material U.S.
federal income tax considerations of the transaction to holders of shares of
Datron common stock who exchange their shares of Datron common stock for Titan
shares in the exchange offer and/or the merger.
This discussion and the tax
opinions described below are based on the Code, applicable Treasury regulations,
administrative interpretations and court decisions in effect as of the date of
this prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.
Any
such change could alter the tax consequences described in this summary and the
tax opinions.

    
This discussion of material federal income tax consequences of the
transaction is intended to provide only a general summary, and is not a complete
analysis or description of all potential federal income tax consequences of the
exchange offer and/or the merger.
It does not address all aspects of federal
income taxation that may be important to a holder of shares of Datron common
stock in light of that stockholder's particular circumstances or to a
stockholder subject to special rules, such as:

    - a foreign entity or an individual stockholder who is not a citizen or
      resident of the U.S.;

    - a financial institution or insurance company;

    - a tax-exempt organization;

    - a dealer or broker in securities;

    - a stockholder who is subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of
      the Code;

    - a stockholder whose shares are qualified small business stock for purposes
      of Section 1202 of the Code;

    - a stockholder who holds shares of Datron common stock as part of a hedge,
      appreciated financial position, straddle, constructive sale or conversion
      transaction;

    - a stockholder who acquired shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the
      exercise of incentive stock options or who holds shares of Datron common
      stock that are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or

    - a stockholder who does not hold shares of Datron common stock as capital
      assets.

    
In addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or foreign
income tax or non-income tax consequences of the exchange offer and/or the
merger or of any transactions other than the exchange offer and the merger.

Titan urges holders of shares of Datron common stock to consult their

own tax advisors to determine the particular federal income tax or other tax
consequences to them of participation in the exchange offer and/or the merger.

    
QUALIFICATION OF THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE MERGER AS A REORGANIZATION

    
The transaction will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code if, among other
things, all of the following factual assumptions (also referred to as the
"supporting conditions") are met:

    - the exchange offer and the merger are completed under the current terms of
      the merger agreement;

    - the minimum tender condition for the exchange offer is satisfied; and

    - the merger is completed promptly after the exchange offer.

    
The completion of the exchange offer is conditioned upon the receipt by
Titan and Datron of tax opinions to the above effect from Cooley Godward LLP and
Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP, respectively.
These opinions, and the
opinions contained herein, are based upon representations and covenants made by
Titan and Datron, including representations in certificates of officers of Titan
and Datron to be delivered to tax counsel before completion of the exchange
offer, and upon certain assumptions, including the absence of changes in facts
or in law between the date of the completion of the exchange offer and the
completion of the merger.
If any of those representations, covenants or
assumptions is inaccurate, the tax consequences of the transaction could differ
materially from those summarized below.
In addition, the ability to satisfy the
supporting conditions depends in part on facts that will not be available before
the completion of the merger.
There can be no assurance that the merger will be
completed, or that the supporting conditions will be satisfied.
If the
supporting conditions are not satisfied, the opinions of Cooley Godward and
Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe described above may not be relied upon.

Furthermore, Cooley Godward's and Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe's opinions
represent only their best judgment of the tax consequences of the exchange offer
and the merger.
Such opinions will neither bind the IRS nor preclude the IRS or
the courts from adopting a contrary position.
Datron stockholders should be
aware that neither the IRS nor any court has ruled on the tax treatment of a
combination of transactions identical to the proposed transactions and no ruling
has been or will be requested from the IRS in connection with the transactions.

Accordingly, it is possible that the exchange offer and/or the merger may not
qualify as a reorganization, and the tax consequences of the transaction could
differ materially from those summarized below.
See the section entitled "FEDERAL
INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES IF THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE MERGER DO NOT QUALIFY AS A
REORGANIZATION.
"

    Assuming that the transaction qualifies as a tax-free reorganization for
federal income tax purposes:

    - A holder of shares of Datron common stock will not recognize any gain or
      loss on its exchange in the exchange offer or the merger of its shares of
      Datron common stock for Titan shares.

    - If a holder of shares of Datron common stock receives cash instead of
      fractional shares of Titan common stock, the stockholder will be required
      to recognize capital gain or loss, measured by the difference between the
      amount of cash received instead of that fraction of a share and the
      portion of the tax basis of that holder's shares of Datron common stock
      allocable to that fraction of a share.
This gain or loss will be long-term
      capital gain or loss if the holder of shares of Datron common stock has
      held the shares of Datron common stock exchanged for that fraction of a
      Titan share for more than one year at the time the shares of Datron common
      stock are accepted in the exchange offer or at the completion of the
      merger, as the case may be.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject
      to limitations for both individuals and corporations.

    
- A holder of shares of Datron common stock will have a tax basis in the
      Titan shares received in the exchange offer or the merger equal to
      (1) the tax basis in the shares of Datron common stock surrendered by that
      stockholder in the exchange offer or the merger, reduced by (2) any tax
      basis in the shares of Datron common stock that is allocable to a fraction
      of a Titan share for which cash is received.

    - The holding period for Titan shares received in exchange for shares of
      Datron common stock in the exchange offer or the merger will include the
      holding period for shares of Datron common stock surrendered in the
      exchange offer or the merger.

    - Under specified circumstances, holders of shares of Datron common stock
      may be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.
See the
      section entitled "APPRAISAL RIGHTS" below.
Datron stockholders who
      exercise their appraisal rights under law and receive payment for all of
      their stock in cash and who do not own any Titan shares (either actually
      or constructively within the meaning of Section 318 of the Internal
      Revenue Code) will generally recognize capital gain or loss measured by
      the difference between the amount of cash received and the stockholder's
      basis in such stock.
Other Datron stockholders who exercise their
      appraisal rights may be treated as if they had received a dividend,
      taxable as ordinary income.
Holders of shares of Datron common stock that
      exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult their own tax advisors.

    - Datron will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the transaction.

    
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
IF THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE MERGER DO NOT
     QUALIFY AS A REORGANIZATION

    The tax consequences described above are based on factual assumptions,
representations and covenants, including the satisfaction of the supporting
conditions.
If any of those factual assumptions, representations or covenants
are not satisfied or observed, or in the event of a contrary ruling by the IRS
or a court, the federal income tax consequences of the transaction to holders of
shares of Datron common stock could differ materially from those summarized
above in the section entitled "QUALIFICATION OF THE EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE
MERGER AS A REORGANIZATION."
In that event, exchanges by Datron stockholders
pursuant to the exchange offer and/or the merger could be taxable transactions
for federal income tax purposes depending on the particular facts surrounding
the exchange offer and/or the merger, some of which may not be known until after
completion of the merger.

    
If the exchange offer and/or the merger is taxable, each Datron stockholder
participating in the exchange offer and/or the merger, as applicable, will
recognize capital gain or loss, measured by the difference between the fair
market value of the Titan shares (together with any cash instead of fractional
shares of Titan common stock) received by the stockholder and the stockholder's
tax basis in the shares of Datron common stock surrendered.
This gain or loss
will be long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder had held the shares of
Datron common stock for more than one year at the time the shares of Datron
common stock are accepted in the exchange offer or at the completion of the
merger, as applicable.

    
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
IF THE MERGER IS NOT COMPLETED

    No opinion has been given concerning any tax consequences of the exchange
offer if the merger is not completed, or if the merger is not completed promptly
after the exchange offer.
Except as described under this heading, if the merger
is not completed, exchanges pursuant to the exchange offer generally will be
taxable transactions for federal income tax purposes with the consequences
described above in the section entitled "FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES IF THE
EXCHANGE OFFER AND THE MERGER DO NOT QUALIFY AS A REORGANIZATION.
"

    Even if the merger is not completed, the exchange offer will still be
treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code so long as the following factual assumptions are
met:

    - Titan must acquire at least 80% of the shares of Datron common stock in
      the exchange offer;

    - any acquisition of additional shares of Datron common stock from other
      stockholders by Titan must not be for consideration other than Titan
      voting stock; and

    - the other representations and covenants made by Titan and Datron to Cooley
      Godward and Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe must remain effective.

    
Whether these factual assumptions will be satisfied will not be known at the
time of the exchange offer and there can be no assurances that the factual
assumptions will be satisfied.

    
Titan urges each holder of shares of Datron common stock to consult his or
her own tax advisor to determine the particular U.S. federal, state or local or
foreign income or other tax consequences of participation in the exchange offer
and/or the merger.

    
FEDERAL BACKUP WITHHOLDING; REPORTING

    To prevent backup federal income tax withholding with respect to cash, if
any, received pursuant to the exchange offer and/or the merger, you must either
provide the Exchange Agent with your correct taxpayer identification number and
certify whether you are subject to backup withholding of federal income tax by
completing the substitute Form W-9 included in the letter of transmittal or
establish a basis for exemption from backup withholding.
Some stockholders
(including, among others, all corporations and some foreign individuals) are not
subject to these backup withholding and reporting requirements.
In order for a
foreign person to qualify as an exempt recipient, the stockholder must generally
submit a Form W-8BEN, W-8ECI, W-8EXP or W-8IMY, as appropriate, signed under
penalty of perjury, attesting to that person's exempt status.
Datron
stockholders who fail to provide their correct taxpayer identification numbers
and the appropriate certifications or to establish an exemption as described
above will be subject to backup withholding of 31% (30.5% as of August 7, 2001)
on cash amounts received in the exchange offer and/or the merger and may be
subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the IRS.
If withholding is made and results
in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained.
Cash amounts paid pursuant
to the exchange offer and/or the merger will be reported to the extent required
by the Code to Datron stockholders and the IRS.

    
Each Datron stockholder who receives Titan common shares in the exchange
offer and/or the merger is required to file a statement with his, her or its
federal income tax return setting forth the stockholder's basis in the shares of
Datron common stock surrendered and the fair market value of Titan common shares
and the proceeds from the cash in lieu of fractional shares received in the
exchange offer and the merger and is required to retain permanent records of
these facts relating to the transaction.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    The transaction described in this prospectus will be accounted for as a
"purchase," as that term is used under generally accepted accounting principles,
commonly referred to as "GAAP," for accounting and financial reporting purposes.

Datron will be treated as the acquired corporation for these purposes.
Datron's
assets, liabilities and other items will be adjusted to their estimated fair
value at the completion of the merger and combined with the historical book
values of the assets and liabilities of Titan.
Applicable income tax effects of
these adjustments will be included as a component of the combined company's
deferred tax asset or liability.
On June 29, 2001, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, or FASB, adopted changes to the method of accounting for
goodwill in a purchase transaction from capitalization and amortization against
earnings to capitalization and periodic

evaluation for impairment.
The change is effective with respect to all business
combinations accounted as a purchase and completed after June 30, 2001.
As a
result, unamortized goodwill resulting from this transaction will be reported as
an asset and not amortized against earnings unless it becomes impaired.
For
further information concerning the amount of goodwill or other intangibles to be
recorded in connection with the merger and the amortization of that goodwill,
see the section entitled "NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" on page 102.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

    Other than clearance under the antitrust laws applicable to the transaction
which are described below, the Securities and Exchange Commission declaring the
registration statement on Form S-4 relating to this transaction effective and
the filing of a certificate of merger under Delaware law with respect to the
merger, Titan does not believe that any additional material governmental filings
are required with respect to the transaction.

    
Titan and Datron have determined that no filing of a notification under the
HSR Act is required in connection with the exchange offer and the merger.
At any
time before or after the completion of the exchange offer or the merger, either
the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice or the Federal Trade
Commission could take any action under U.S. antitrust laws that it deems
necessary or desirable, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the
exchange offer or the merger or seeking the divestiture of substantial assets of
Titan or Datron.
Private parties and state attorneys general may also bring
actions under U.S. antitrust laws depending on the circumstances.
Although we
believe that neither the exchange offer nor the merger raises concerns under
U.S. antitrust laws, we can give no assurance that a challenge to the exchange
offer or the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is
made, that it would not be successful.
Completion of the exchange offer may be
subject to compliance with a limited number of foreign antitrust regulations.

Any notifications required by any foreign jurisdictions will be filed in due
course.


APPROVAL OF THE MERGER

    Under Section 251 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the approval of
the board of directors of a company and the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least a majority of its outstanding shares on the record date are required to
approve a merger and adopt a merger agreement.
Datron's board of directors has
unanimously approved the merger.

    
If, after completion of the exchange offer, Titan owns more than 50% but
less than 90% of the outstanding shares of Datron common stock, it would
complete the acquisition of the remaining outstanding shares of Datron common
stock through a vote of Datron stockholders with respect to the merger.
Since
Titan will own a majority of the shares of Datron common stock on the record
date, it would have a sufficient number of shares of Datron common stock to
approve the merger without the affirmative vote of any other holder of shares of
Datron common stock and, therefore, approval of the merger by Datron
stockholders will be assured.
Completion of the transaction in this manner is
referred to in this prospectus as a "long-form" merger.

    
Under Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a merger can
occur without a vote of Datron stockholders, referred to as a "short-form
merger," if, after completion of the exchange offer, as it may be extended and
including any subsequent offering period, Titan were to own at least 90% of the
outstanding shares of Datron common stock.
If, after completion of the exchange
offer, as it may be extended and including any subsequent offering period, Titan
owns at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Datron common stock, Titan would
complete the acquisition of the remaining outstanding shares of Datron common
stock by completing a short-form merger.


AMENDMENT TO DATRON'S STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

    In connection with the approval of the exchange offer and the merger by the
board of directors of Datron, Datron amended its Stockholder Rights Agreement,
dated September 5, 2000, with Mellon Investor Services LLC as a rights agent.

Pursuant to the amendment, none of the transactions contemplated in the merger
agreement, including the exchange offer and the merger, will result in any
obligation to the holders of rights by Titan, Gem Acquisition Corp. or Datron,
as the surviving corporation in the merger.
If the merger is consummated in
accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, the Rights Agreement will
terminate as of the effective time of the merger.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    Datron stockholders do not have appraisal rights in connection with the
exchange offer.

    
If Titan completes the exchange offer but, upon completion of the exchange
offer, as it may be extended and including any subsequent offering period, it
owns less than 90% of the outstanding shares of Datron common stock, Titan has
agreed to effect a long-form merger, as described above.
Assuming that the
shares of Datron common stock remain listed on a national securities exchange or
are then quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or held of record by more than
2,000 holders, Datron stockholders who have not exchanged their shares of Datron
common stock in the exchange offer will not have appraisal rights in connection
with a long-form merger.
However, if a long-form merger is consummated, and if,
on the date fixed to determine stockholders entitled to vote on the merger, the
shares of Datron common stock are (i) not listed on a national securities
exchange or quoted through the Nasdaq National Market or (ii) held of record by
less than 2,000 holders, you will have appraisal rights pursuant to the
provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law as described
below.

    
If Titan completes the exchange offer and, upon completion of the exchange
offer, as it may be extended and including any subsequent offering period, it
owns at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Datron common stock, Titan has
agreed to effect a short-form merger (as described above).
Datron stockholders
at the time of a short-form merger will have the right under Section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law to dissent and demand appraisal of their shares
of Datron common stock.
Under Section 262, dissenting stockholders who comply
with the applicable statutory procedures under the Delaware General Corporation
Law will be entitled to receive a judicial determination of the fair value of
their shares of Datron common stock (exclusive of any element of value arising
from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger) and to receive payment of
this fair value in cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any.
In
Cede & Co. and Cinerama, Inc. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Supreme Court of the
State of Delaware construed Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
and held that the "accomplishment or expectation" exclusion from the calculation
of fair value described in the preceding sentence is narrow and is designed to
eliminate use of pro forma data and projections of a speculative variety
relating to the completion of a merger.
The court held that it is appropriate to
include in the calculation of fair value any known elements of value.
Titan
cannot assure you what methodology a court would use to determine fair value or
how a court would select which of the elements of value that are to be included
in its determination.

    
If Datron stockholders have appraisal rights in connection with the merger,
they would have to comply with specific statutory provisions under Delaware law.

The following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures that must be
followed by a Datron stockholder in order to perfect appraisal rights under
Delaware law.

    
THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS NOT A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE DELAWARE LAW
PERTAINING TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY THE FULL TEXT
OF SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WHICH IS
ATTACHED TO THIS PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX D. BECAUSE OF THE COMPLEXITY OF
SECTION 262 AND THE NEED TO STRICTLY COMPLY WITH VARIOUS TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS,
YOU SHOULD READ

ANNEX D IN ITS ENTIRETY.
A PERSON HAVING A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SHARES OF
DATRON COMMON STOCK HELD OF RECORD IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A
BROKER OR NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE THE RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW THE
STEPS SUMMARIZED BELOW PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY MANNER TO PERFECT APPRAISAL
RIGHTS.

    
Under Section 262, where a merger is to be submitted for approval at a
meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the
meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that
such appraisal rights are available and include in such notice a copy of
Section 262.

    
A holder of shares of Datron common stock wishing to exercise such holder's
appraisal rights:

    - must deliver to Datron, before the vote on the adoption of the merger
      agreement at the special meeting, a written demand for the appraisal of
      his or her shares, and

    - must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    
In order not to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, a
stockholder must either:

    - not return a proxy card and not vote in person in favor of the adoption of
      the merger agreement,

    - return a proxy card with the "Against" or "Abstain" box checked,

    - vote in person against the adoption of the merger agreement, or

    - register in person an abstention from the proposal to adopt the merger
      agreement.

    
ALL WRITTEN DEMANDS FOR APPRAISAL PURSUANT TO SECTION 262 SHOULD BE SENT OR
DELIVERED TO DATRON SYSTEMS INCORPORATED AT 3030 ENTERPRISE COURT, VISTA, CA
92083, ATTENTION: SECRETARY.

    
A holder of shares of Datron common stock wishing to exercise such holders'
appraisal rights must hold of record such shares on the date the written demand
for appraisal is made and must continue to hold such shares of record through
the effective time of the merger.
A vote against the adoption of the merger
agreement will not in and of itself constitute a written demand for appraisal
satisfying the requirements of Section 262.
The demand must reasonably inform
Datron of the identity of the holder as well as the intention of the holder to
demand an appraisal of the "fair value" of the shares held by such holder.
A
stockholder's failure to make the written demand prior to the taking of the vote
on the adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting of Datron
stockholders will constitute a waiver of appraisal rights.

    
Only a holder of record of shares of Datron common stock is entitled to
assert appraisal rights for the shares of Datron common stock registered in that
holder's name.
A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of Datron common
stock should be executed by or on behalf of the holder of record, fully and
correctly, as such holder's name appears on such holder's stock certificates,
and must state that such person intends thereby to demand appraisal of such
holder's shares of Datron common stock in connection with the merger.
If the
shares of Datron common stock are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such
as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of the demand should be made
in that capacity, and if the shares of Datron common stock are owned of record
by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy and tenancy in common, the demand
should be executed by or on behalf of all joint owners.
An authorized agent,
including two or more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf
of a holder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner or
owners and expressly disclose the fact that in executing the demand, the agent
is agent for such owner or owners.
A record holder such as a broker who holds
shares of Datron common stock as nominee for several beneficial owners may
exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares of Datron common stock held
for one or more beneficial owners while not exercising such rights with respect
to the shares of Datron common stock held for other beneficial owners.
In such
case, however, the written demand

should set forth the number of shares of Datron common stock as to which
appraisal is sought, and where no number of shares of Datron common stock is
expressly mentioned the demand will be presumed to cover all shares of Datron
common stock held in the name of the record owner.
Stockholders who hold their
shares of Datron common stock in brokerage accounts or other nominee forms and
who wish to exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult with their brokers to
determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal by
such a nominee.

    
Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation must notify each holder of Datron common stock who has compiled with
Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement of the date that the merger has become effective.
Within 120 days
after the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation or any holder
of Datron common stock who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to
appraisal rights under Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Court of
Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of such holder's shares of
Datron common stock.
The surviving corporation is under no obligation to and has
no present intention to file such a petition.
Accordingly, it is the obligation
of the holders of Datron common stock to initiate all necessary action to
perfect their appraisal rights in respect of their shares of Datron common stock
within the time prescribed in Section 262.

    
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any holder of Datron
common stock who has complied with the requirements for exercise of appraisal
rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the surviving
corporation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted
in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and with respect to which
demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of
such shares.
Such statement must be mailed within 10 days after a written
request for the statement has been received by the surviving corporation or
within 10 days after the expiration of the period for delivery of demands for
appraisal, whichever is later.

    
If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed by a holder of shares of
Datron common stock and a copy of the petition is served upon the surviving
corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days to
file with the Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an appraisal of their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached.
After notice to such stockholders as required by the court, the
Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on such petition to
determine those stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and who have
become entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262.
The Delaware Court of
Chancery may require the holders of shares of Datron common stock who demanded
payment for their shares to submit their stock certificates to the Delaware
Register in Chancery for notation on the certificate of the pendency of the
appraisal proceeding.
If any stockholder fails to comply with such direction,
the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to such
stockholder.

    
After determining the holders of Datron common stock entitled to appraisal,
the Delaware Court of Chancery will appraise the "fair value" of their shares of
Datron common stock, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.

Holders of Datron common stock considering seeking appraisal should be aware
that the fair value of their shares of Datron common stock as so determined
could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration they would
receive pursuant to the merger if they did not seek appraisal of their shares of
Datron common stock and that investment banking opinions as to fairness from a
financial point of view are not necessarily opinions as to fair value under
Section 262.
The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that proof of value by any
techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial
community and otherwise admissible in court should be considered in the
appraisal proceedings.
In addition, Delaware courts have decided that the
statutory appraisal remedy, depending on factual circumstances, may or may not
be a dissenter's exclusive remedy.
The Delaware Court of

Chancery will also determine the amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the
amounts to be received by persons whose shares of Datron common stock have been
appraised.
The costs of the action may be determined by the court and taxed upon
the parties as the court deems equitable.
The court may also order that all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with an
appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the
fees and expenses of experts utilized in the appraisal proceeding, be charged
pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to be appraised.

    
Any holder of shares of Datron common stock who has duly demanded an
appraisal in compliance with Section 262 will not, after the effective time of
the merger, be entitled to vote the shares of Datron common stock subject to
such demand for any purpose or be entitled to the payment of dividends or other
distributions on those shares of Datron common stock (except dividends or other
distributions payable to holders of record of Datron common stock as of a record
date prior to the effective time of the merger).

    
If any stockholder who demands appraisal of such holder's shares of Datron
common stock under Section 262 fails to perfect, or effectively withdraws or
loses, such holder's right to appraisal, the shares of Datron common stock of
such stockholder will be deemed to have been converted at the effective time of
the merger into the right to receive the merger consideration.
A stockholder
will fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, such holder's right to
appraisal if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving
corporation a written withdrawal of such holder's demand for appraisal and an
acceptance of the merger, except that any such attempt to withdraw made more
than 60 days after the effective time of the merger will require the written
approval of the surviving corporation and, once a petition for appraisal is
filed, the appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to any holder absent
court approval.

    
FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE STEPS REQUIRED BY SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE FOR PERFECTING APPRAISAL RIGHTS MAY
RESULT IN THE LOSS OF SUCH RIGHTS.


POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    REDUCED LIQUIDITY OF DATRON COMMON STOCK;
POSSIBLY NO LONGER INCLUDED FOR
     QUOTATION

    
The tender and exchange of shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the
exchange offer will reduce the number of holders of shares of Datron common
stock and the number of shares of Datron common stock that might otherwise trade
publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the
remaining shares of Datron common stock held by the public.
Shares of Datron
common stock are included for listing and principally traded on the Nasdaq
National Market.
Depending on the number of shares of Datron common stock
acquired pursuant to the exchange offer, following completion of the exchange
offer, shares of Datron common stock may no longer meet the requirements of the
Nasdaq National Market for continued listing.
The requirements for continued
inclusion in the Nasdaq National Market, among other things, require that an
issuer have either:

    - at least 750,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 stockholders
      of round lots, with a market value of at least $5.0 million and net
      tangible assets of at least $4.0 million and at least two registered and
      active market makers for the shares; or

    - at least 1,100,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 stockholders
      of round lots, with a market value of at least $15.0 million and at least
      four registered and active market markers, and either:

       - a market capitalization of at least $50.0 million; or

       - total assets and total revenue of at least $50.0 million each for the
         most recently completed fiscal year or two of the last three most
         recently completed fiscal years.

    
Even if the requirements for continued inclusion in the Nasdaq National
Market, or Nasdaq, are not satisfied, the shares might nevertheless continue to
be included in a different tier of Nasdaq with quotations published in the
Nasdaq "additional list" or in one of the "local lists," but if the number of
holders of the shares were to fall below 300, the number of publicly held shares
were to fall below 500,000 or there were not at least two registered and active
market makers for the shares, applicable Nasdaq rules provide that the shares
would no longer be "qualified" for Nasdaq reporting and Nasdaq would cease to
provide any quotations.
Shares held directly or indirectly by directors,
officers or beneficial owners of more than 10% of the shares are not considered
as being publicly held for this purpose.
If, following the completion of the
exchange offer, the shares of Datron no longer meet the requirements for
continued inclusion in the Nasdaq National Market or in any other tier of Nasdaq
and the shares are no longer included in the Nasdaq National Market or in any
other tier of Nasdaq, the market for shares of Datron common stock could be
adversely affected.

    
If the shares of Datron common stock no longer meet the requirements for
continued inclusion in any tier of the Nasdaq, it is possible that the shares
would continue to trade in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations
would be reported by other sources.
The extent of the public market for the
shares of Datron common stock and the availability of quotations for shares of
Datron common stock would, however, depend upon the number of holders of shares
remaining at that time, the interest in maintaining a market in shares of Datron
common stock on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of
registration of the shares under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
described below, and other factors.
Titan cannot predict whether the reduction
in the number of shares of Datron common stock that might otherwise trade
publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for, or
marketability of, the shares of Datron common stock.

    
According to Datron, there were, as of July 6, 2001, approximately 2,758,257
shares of Datron common stock outstanding.

    
STATUS AS "MARGIN SECURITIES"

    The shares of Datron common stock are presently "margin securities" under
the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, which has the effect, among other
things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of shares of
Datron common stock.
Depending on factors similar to those described above with
respect to market quotations, following completion of the exchange offer, the
shares of Datron common stock may no longer constitute "margin securities" for
the purposes of the Federal Reserve Board's margin regulations, in which event
the shares of Datron common stock would not be eligible as collateral for margin
loans made by brokers.

    
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    Shares of Datron common stock are currently registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.
Datron can terminate that registration upon application to
the Securities and Exchange Commission if the outstanding shares are not listed
on a national securities exchange or if there are fewer than 300 holders of
record of shares of Datron common stock.
Termination of registration of the
shares of Datron common stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 would
reduce the information that Datron must furnish to its stockholders and to the
Securities and Exchange Commission and would make certain provisions of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, such as the short-swing profit recovery
provisions of Section 16(b) and the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement
in connection with stockholders meetings pursuant to Section 14(a) and the
related requirement of furnishing an annual report to stockholders, no longer
applicable with respect to shares of Datron common stock.
In addition, if shares
of Datron common stock are no longer registered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 with respect to "going-private" transactions would no longer be applicable
to Datron.
Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of Datron and persons
holding "restricted securities" of

Datron to dispose of these securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be impaired or eliminated.
If registration of the shares under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 were terminated, they would no longer be
eligible for Nasdaq reporting or for continued inclusion on the Federal Reserve
Board's list of "margin securities.
"

RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN TITAN AND DATRON

    Except for the Stockholder Tender Agreements or as otherwise described in
this prospectus, neither Titan nor, to the best of Titan's knowledge, any of its
directors, executive officers or other affiliates has any contract, arrangement,
understanding or relationship with any other person with respect to any
securities of Datron, including, but not limited to, any contract, arrangement,
understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or the voting of any
securities, joint ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts or calls,
guaranties of loans, guaranties against loss or the giving or withholding of
proxies.
Except as described in this prospectus, there have been no contacts,
negotiations or transactions since January 1, 1996, between Titan or, to the
best of Titan's knowledge, any of its directors, executive officers or other
affiliates on the one hand, and Datron or its affiliates, on the other hand,
concerning a merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer or other
acquisition of securities, an election of directors, or a sale or other transfer
of a material amount of assets.
Neither Titan nor, to the best of Titan's
knowledge, any of its directors, executive officers or other affiliates has
since January 1, 1996 had any transaction with Datron or any of its officers,
directors or affiliates that would require disclosure under the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to the exchange
offer.

    
Neither Titan nor, to the best of Titan's knowledge, any of its directors,
executive officers or other affiliates beneficially owns or has any right to
acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of Datron common stock except
pursuant to the Stockholder Tender Agreements described in more detail in the
section "THE STOCKHOLDER TENDER AGREEMENTS.
"

    Neither Titan nor, to the best of Titan's knowledge, any of its directors,
executive officers or other affiliates has effected any transaction in shares of
Datron common stock during the past 60 days.


FEES AND EXPENSES

    Titan has retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. to act as Information Agent in
connection with the exchange offer.
The Information Agent may contact holders of
shares of Datron common stock by mail, telephone, telex, telegraph, e-mail and
personal interview and may request brokers, dealers and other nominee
stockholders to forward material relating to the exchange offer to beneficial
owners of shares of Datron common stock.
Titan has agreed to pay the Information
Agent reasonable and customary compensation for these services in addition to
reimbursing the Information Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Titan has agreed to indemnify the Information Agent against certain liabilities
and expenses in connection with the exchange offer, including certain
liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws.

    
In addition, Titan has retained American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as
the Exchange Agent.
Titan has agreed to pay the Exchange Agent reasonable and
customary compensation for its services in connection with the exchange offer,
has agreed to reimburse the Exchange Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses and has agreed to indemnify the Exchange Agent against certain
liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under the U.S. federal
securities laws.

    
Except as described above, Titan has not agreed to pay any fees or
commissions to any broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of
shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the exchange offer.
Titan has agreed
to reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies and other
nominees, upon request, for customary clerical and mailing expenses incurred by
them in forwarding offering materials to their customers.

                     
CERTAIN TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The following description of the merger agreement describes the material
terms of the merger agreement.
The complete text of the merger agreement is
attached as ANNEX A to this prospectus and is incorporated into this prospectus
by reference.
All stockholders are urged to read the entire merger agreement
carefully.


THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    GENERALLY

    Under the terms of the merger agreement, Titan has commenced an exchange
offer for all outstanding shares of Datron common stock.
In the exchange offer,
Titan is offering to exchange a fraction of a share of Titan common stock
computed through an exchange ratio for each share of Datron common stock that is
validly tendered and not properly withdrawn.
For a description of the exchange
ratio, please see the section entitled "THE TRANSACTION--THE EXCHANGE RATIO.
"

The initial expiration date of the exchange offer is August 3, 2001, the
twentieth business day following its commencement.
The initial expiration date
may be extended under certain circumstances.

    
MANDATORY EXTENSION OF THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    Titan must extend the offer for one 10 business day period if, on August 3,
2001, there have not been validly tendered and not withdrawn a number of shares
of Datron common stock which, together with the shares of Datron common stock
then owned by Titan (if any), represents a majority of the total number of
shares of Datron common stock outstanding immediately prior to the expiration of
the initial offer period.

    
OPTIONAL EXTENSIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    If any condition to the exchange offer is not satisfied or, if permissible,
waived on any scheduled expiration date of the exchange offer, Titan may extend
the expiration date of the exchange offer for successive extension periods of
not more than 10 business days per extension, until all conditions to the
exchange offer are satisfied or, if permissible, waived, or until the merger
agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.
Titan has the right to
extend the exchange offer to the extent required by the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the New York Stock
Exchange, or the National Association of Securities Dealers.

    
SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD

    Titan may elect to provide a subsequent offering period of 3 to 20 business
days after the acceptance of shares of Datron common stock in the exchange offer
if the requirements of Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
have been met.
You will not have the right to withdraw any shares of Datron
common stock that you tender during any subsequent offering period.
Titan is
required to accept for exchange, and to deliver shares of Titan common stock in
exchange for, shares of Datron common stock that are validly tendered, promptly
after the shares of Datron common stock are tendered during any subsequent
offering period.
If Titan elects to provide a subsequent offering period, it is
required to make a public announcement to that effect no later than 9:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled
expiration date of the exchange offer.

    
PROMPT PAYMENT FOR SHARES OF DATRON COMMON STOCK IN THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    Subject to the terms of the exchange offer and the merger agreement and the
satisfaction (or waiver to the extent permitted) of the conditions to the
exchange offer, Titan is required to accept for exchange all shares of Datron
common stock validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to

the exchange offer promptly after the applicable expiration date of the exchange
offer, as it may be extended pursuant to the merger agreement, and is required
to exchange all accepted shares of Datron common stock promptly after
acceptance.

    
Titan will not issue certificates representing fractional shares of its
common stock in the exchange offer.
Instead, each tendering stockholder who
would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share (after aggregating all
fractional shares of Titan common stock that otherwise would be received by the
holder) will receive cash (rounded up to the nearest whole cent), without
interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying:

    - that fraction of a share of Titan common stock to which such stockholder
      is entitled (after aggregating all fractional shares of Titan common stock
      that otherwise would be received by such stockholder), by

    - the closing sales price of one share of Titan common stock on the New York
      Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape (as reported in the Wall Street
      Journal or, if not reported therein, any other authoritative source) on
      the date Titan accepts shares for exchange in the offer.


COMPOSITION OF DATRON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS AFTER THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    Upon the acceptance for payment of shares of Datron common stock pursuant to
the exchange offer, Titan will be entitled to designate four directors of
Datron.
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Datron has agreed to take all
action reasonably necessary to cause Titan's designees to be elected or
appointed to Datron's board of directors.
Until the completion of the merger,
Datron's board of directors is required to include at least three members,
referred to in this prospectus as the "continuing directors," who were directors
of Datron prior to the completion of the exchange offer.
If, at any time prior
to the completion of the merger, the number of continuing directors is reduced
to fewer than three for any reason, the remaining and departing continuing
directors will be entitled to designate a person or persons to fill any vacancy.

If, however, Titan purchases 85% or more of Datron common stock in the offer,
the number of continuing directors will be one.

    
The merger agreement provides that if Titan's designees are elected to
Datron's board of directors prior to the completion of the merger, the
affirmative vote of a majority of the continuing directors will be required for
Datron to:

    - amend or terminate the merger agreement or agree or consent to any
      amendment or termination of the merger agreement;

    - waive any of Datron's rights, benefits or remedies under the merger
      agreement;

    - extend the time for performance of Titan's obligations under the merger
      agreement; or

    - approve any other action by Datron that is reasonably likely to adversely
      affect the interests of the Datron stockholders (other than Titan, Gem
      Acquisition Corp. and their affiliates) with respect to the transactions
      contemplated by the merger agreement.


THE MERGER

    GENERALLY

    The merger agreement provides that following completion of the exchange
offer, Gem Acquisition Corp. will be merged with and into Datron.
Upon
completion of the merger, Datron will continue as the "surviving corporation"
and will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Titan.

    
THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

    The merger will be completed and become effective when the certificate of
merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
Titan and
Datron anticipate that the merger will be completed no later than the third
business day after all of the conditions to the merger contained in the merger
agreement are satisfied or, where permissible, waived.

    
MANNER AND BASIS OF CONVERTING SHARES OF DATRON COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER

    Under the terms of the merger agreement, upon completion of the merger, each
share of Datron common stock will be converted into the right to receive shares
of Titan common stock at the same exchange ratio used in the exchange offer.
The
merger consideration will not be payable in respect of shares of Datron common
stock held by Datron as treasury stock immediately prior to completion of the
merger, shares of Datron common stock owned by Titan immediately prior to the
completion of the merger or shares of Datron common stock for which appraisal
rights are exercised under Delaware law.

    
Titan will not issue certificates representing fractional shares of its
common stock in the merger.
Instead, each stockholder who would otherwise be
entitled to a fractional share (after aggregating all fractional shares of Titan
common stock that otherwise would be received by the stockholder) will receive
cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the product
obtained by multiplying:

    - that fraction of a share of Titan common stock to which such stockholder
      is entitled (after aggregating all fractional shares of Titan common stock
      that otherwise would be received by such stockholder), by

    - the closing sales price of one share of Titan common stock on the New York
      Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape (as reported in the Wall Street
      Journal or, if not reported therein, any other authoritative source) on
      the trading day immediately preceding the date of completion of the
      merger.

    
The merger agreement provides that, as soon as reasonably practicable after
the date of completion of the merger, the Exchange Agent will mail to each
record holder of a certificate or certificates, that, immediately prior to the
completion of the merger represented outstanding shares of Datron common stock,
a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in exchanging Datron common
stock certificates for Titan common stock certificates and cash for any
fractional share.
In addition, the merger agreement contemplates that, as soon
as reasonably practicable after the Exchange Agent receives back from the record
holder of shares of Datron common stock the Datron common stock certificate, the
letter of transmittal and any other documents that are required by the letter of
transmittal, the Exchange Agent will mail to the record holder a certificate or
certificates representing the appropriate number of shares of Titan common stock
and an amount of cash for any fractional share.
Additionally, record holders of
Datron common stock certificates may, at their option after the completion of
the merger, physically surrender their Datron common stock certificates in
person at the offices of the Exchange Agent listed on the back of this
prospectus for Titan common stock certificates and cash for any fractional
share.

    
After the completion of the merger, until it is surrendered and exchanged,
each certificate that previously evidenced Datron common stock will be deemed to
evidence the right to receive shares of Titan common stock and the right to
receive cash instead of fractional shares of Titan common stock.
Titan will not
pay dividends or other distributions on any shares of Titan common stock to be
issued in exchange for any Datron common stock certificate that is not
surrendered until the Datron common stock certificate is properly surrendered,
as provided in the merger agreement.

ASSUMPTION OF DATRON STOCK OPTIONS AND DATRON EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS

    DATRON STOCK OPTIONS

    
Each outstanding option to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Datron
common stock, also referred to as a "Datron stock option," will become fully
vested and immediately exercisable upon the completion of the exchange offer.

Under the terms of the merger agreement, upon the completion of the exchange
offer, Titan will automatically assume each outstanding Datron stock option that
has been issued pursuant to Datron's 1985 Stock Option Plan, as amended, 1995
Stock Option Plan or otherwise, on the same terms and conditions as were
applicable to the Datron stock option prior to the completion of the exchange
offer.
Titan has agreed that each Datron stock option that is assumed by Titan
will be exercisable for the number of shares of Titan common stock equal to the
product of the number of shares of Datron common stock that were issuable upon
the exercise of the Datron stock option immediately prior to the completion of
the exchange offer, multiplied by the exchange ratio (rounded down to the
nearest whole number of shares of Titan common stock).
In addition, Titan has
agreed to set the exercise price per share for shares of Titan common stock
issuable under each assumed Datron stock option to be at the per share exercise
price at which the Datron stock option was exercisable immediately prior to the
completion of the exchange offer, divided by the exchange ratio (rounded up to
the nearest whole cent).

    
DATRON EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS

    Under the terms of the merger agreement, upon the completion of the exchange
offer, Titan will automatically assume each outstanding right to purchase or
otherwise acquire shares of Datron common stock, also referred to as a "Datron
purchase right," that has been issued pursuant to the Datron Employee Stock
Purchase Plan or otherwise, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable
to the Datron purchase right prior to the completion of the offer.
Titan has
agreed to make each Datron purchase right that is assumed by Titan exercisable
for the number of shares of Titan common stock equal to the product of the
number of shares of Datron common stock that were issuable upon the exercise of
the Datron purchase right immediately prior to the completion of the offer,
multiplied by the exchange ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole number of
shares of Titan common stock).
In addition, Titan has agreed to set the purchase
price per share for shares of Titan common stock issuable under each assumed
Datron purchase right to be at the per share purchase price at which the Datron
purchase right was exercisable immediately prior to the completion of the offer,
divided by the exchange ratio (rounded up to the nearest whole cent).

    
The merger agreement provides that Datron will take all necessary or
required actions under Datron's Employee Stock Purchase Plan to ensure that,
except for the six-month offering beginning July 1, 2001, no additional
offerings will be authorized or commenced.
Under the terms of the merger
agreement, immediately prior to the completion of the merger, the accumulated
payroll deductions of participants in the Datron Employee Stock Purchase Plan
for the July 1 offering will be used to purchase Titan common stock, and,
immediately thereafter, the Datron Employee Stock Purchase Plan will terminate.

    
Titan has agreed to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8
with respect to the shares of Titan common stock issuable pursuant to the
assumed Datron stock options and Datron purchase rights no later than one
business day after the completion of the offer.
Titan has agreed to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the
registration statement on Form S-8 for so long as any assumed Datron stock
options or Datron purchase rights remain outstanding.


REASSUMPTION OF DATRON STOCK OPTIONS AND DATRON EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS
  BY DATRON

    The merger agreement contemplates that if, at any time after completion of
the offer, Titan directly or indirectly holds less than 50% of the total shares
of Datron common stock then outstanding, then, as of such time, Datron will
automatically without the action of any person reassume each outstanding former
Datron stock option and former Datron purchase right.
Such former Datron stock
options and former Datron purchase rights will thereafter be exercisable for
Datron common stock on the same terms and conditions and at the same exercise or
purchase price as in existence immediately prior to Titan's assumption of such
options and rights.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    The merger agreement contains a number of customary representations and
warranties relating to, among other things, certain aspects of the respective
businesses and assets of each of the parties and their ability to complete the
transaction.
The representations and warranties of each party will expire upon
completion of the merger.


CONDUCT OF DATRON'S BUSINESS PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    
The merger agreement contemplates that, until the completion of the merger,
each of Datron and its subsidiaries will conduct its operations in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and will use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its present business organization and its
relationships with customers, suppliers and others having business relationships
with it.
The merger agreement also contemplates that, until completion of the
merger, neither Datron nor any of its subsidiaries will, without the prior
written consent of Titan:

    - declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other
      distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of Datron or any
      subsidiary of Datron, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise reacquire any
      outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity securities of, or
      other ownership interests in, Datron or any subsidiary of Datron;

    - sell, issue, grant or authorize the issuance or grant of any capital
      stock, option, call, warrant, right, instrument or obligation that is or
      may become convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital
      stock or other securities of Datron (except that, prior to the completion
      of the offer, Datron may issue shares of common stock pursuant to Datron
      stock options or Datron purchase rights outstanding);

    - amend or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under,
      any provision of any outstanding option, warrant or other security, or
      otherwise modify any of the terms of any outstanding option, warrant, or
      other security;

    - amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its certificate of
      incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents, or effect or
      become a party to any acquisition transaction, recapitalization,
      reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar
      transaction;

    - form any subsidiary or acquire any equity interest or other interest in
      any other entity;

    - make any capital expenditure not included in Datron's 2002 capital
      expenditure budget to the extent such new capital expenditures exceed
      $75,000 in the aggregate;

    - enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the assets owned or used
      by it to become bound by, any contract with obligations in excess of
      $250,000, or amend or terminate, or waive or exercise any material right
      or remedy under, any contract with obligations in excess of $250,000 to
      which Datron is a party;

    - acquire, lease or license any right or other asset from any person or sell
      or otherwise dispose of, or lease or license, any right or other asset to
      any person (except in each case for immaterial assets acquired, leased,
      licensed or disposed of by Datron in the ordinary course of business and
      consistent with past practices, and except for licensing of intellectual
      property in the sale or licensing of Datron's products in the ordinary
      course of business and consistent with past practices), or waive or
      relinquish any material right;

    - lend money to any person, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness (except
      that Datron may make routine borrowings in the ordinary course of business
      and in accordance with past practices under Datron's credit facilities
      outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement (without any amendment
      or modification thereto));

    - establish, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan or collective
      bargaining agreement (except as required by law);

    - pay any bonus or make any profit-sharing or similar payment to any
      employee or director of Datron or any subsidiary of Datron;

    - increase the amount of wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits or
      other compensation or remuneration payable to any employee (who is not an
      officer or director), other than in the ordinary course of business and
      consistent with scheduled salary increases, or to any officer or director;

    - pay or make available any benefit not provided for under any Datron
      benefit plan;

    - enter into, amend or change in any way, or make any severance or
      termination payments under, any agreement or other arrangement not in
      existence as of the date of the merger agreement;

    - hire or fire any employee who is (or would be) an officer of Datron or any
      subsidiary of Datron or any employee (other than an officer of Datron or
      any subsidiary of Datron) except in the ordinary course of business;

    - change any methods of accounting or accounting practices in any respect,
      except as required by generally accepted accounting principles;

    - make any material tax election;

    - commence or settle any material action, suit or legal proceeding;

    - enter into any material transaction or take any other material action
      outside the ordinary course of business or inconsistent with past
      practices;

    - take, or permit the taking of any action, which could reasonably be
      expected to cause the vesting of any Datron stock options to be
      accelerated in accordance with the terms of any of Datron's stock option
      plans;

    - take, agree to take, or omit to take any action which would make any of
      the representations and warranties of Datron contained in the merger
      agreement untrue or incorrect, prevent Datron from performing or cause
      Datron not to perform its covenants under the merger agreement, or prevent
      any of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement from being
      satisfied prior to the termination of the merger agreement; or

    - authorize, commit or agree to take any of the above actions except as
      otherwise permitted by the merger agreement.


COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO COMPLETE THE TRANSACTION

    Titan and Datron are required to make all filings required under antitrust
laws applicable to the transaction and to use commercially reasonable efforts to
take all actions necessary to complete the transaction.


LIMITATION ON DATRON'S ABILITY TO CONSIDER OTHER ACQUISITION PROPOSALS

    Datron has agreed that, except in the circumstances described below, it will
not, directly or indirectly:

    - solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or facilitate the making, submission
      or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) or take any
      action that could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition
      Proposal;

    - furnish any information regarding Datron or its subsidiaries to any person
      (other than Titan or any designees of Titan) in connection with or in
      response to any Acquisition Proposal or an inquiry or indication of
      interest that could lead to an Acquisition Proposal;

    - engage in discussions or negotiations with any person (other than Titan or
      any designees of Titan) with respect to an Acquisition Proposal;

    - approve, endorse or recommend an Acquisition Proposal; or

    - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract
      contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

    
However, Datron or Datron's board of directors is not prohibited from
furnishing nonpublic information regarding Datron or any subsidiary of Datron
to, or entering into discussions with, any person in response to a Superior
Proposal (as defined below) if:

    - Datron receives an unsolicited bona fide written Superior Proposal that is
      not withdrawn;

    - Datron's board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation
      with Datron's outside legal counsel, that such action is required in order
      for Datron's board of directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations
      to Datron's stockholders under applicable law;

    - at least three business days prior to furnishing any nonpublic information
      to, or entering into discussions with, such person, Datron gives Titan
      written notice of the identity of the party making the Superior Proposal
      and of Datron's intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter
      into discussions with, such party;

    - at least two business days prior to furnishing any nonpublic information
      to the party making the Superior Proposal, Datron furnishes such nonpublic
      information to Titan (to the extent such nonpublic information has not
      been previously furnished by Datron to Titan); and

    - Datron receives from such party an executed confidentiality agreement
      containing customary limitations on the use and disclosure of all
      nonpublic written and oral information furnished to such party by or on
      behalf of Datron.

    
Datron must promptly, and in any event within one business day, after
receipt of any Acquisition Proposal, inquiry or indication of interest that
could lead to an Acquisition Proposal or request for nonpublic information,
advise Titan orally and in writing of the proposal, inquiry or request, the
identity of the person making the proposal, inquiry or request and the terms
thereof.
Datron must keep Titan fully informed as to the status of any such
Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, indication of interest or request and any
modification or proposed modification thereto.

    
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Datron agreed to immediately cease
and cause to be terminated any existing discussions with any person that related
to any Acquisition Proposal.

    
In addition, at any time prior to Titan's acceptance of the shares pursuant
to the exchange offer, Datron's board of directors may withhold, withdraw or
modify its recommendations that Datron stockholders accept the exchange offer
and approve and adopt the merger agreement if it determines, in good faith after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, that withholding, withdrawing or
modifying the recommendations is required in order for Datron's board of
directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations to Datron stockholders under
applicable legal requirements, or if:

    - an unsolicited, bona fide written offer is made to Datron by a third party
      for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of substantial
      assets, sale of shares of capital stock (including without limitation by
      way of a tender offer) or similar transaction, and such offer is not
      withdrawn;

    - Datron's board of directors determines in good faith (after consultation
      with Philpott Ball & Werner or another nationally recognized financial
      advisor) that such offer constitutes a Superior Proposal;

    - Datron's board of directors determines in good faith, based upon the
      advice of Datron's outside legal counsel, that, in light of the
      Acquisition Proposal, the withdrawal or modification of the
      recommendations is required in order for Datron's board of directors to
      comply with its fiduciary obligations to Datron's stockholders under
      applicable law;

    - the recommendations are not withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to
      Titan at any time prior to five business days after Titan receives written
      notice from Datron confirming that Datron's board of directors has
      determined that such offer is a Superior Proposal and providing to Titan a
      copy of any such Superior Proposal;

    - Datron shall have released Titan from the provisions of any "standstill"
      or similar agreement restricting Titan from acquiring securities of
      Datron; and

    - neither Datron nor any of its representatives shall have violated any of
      the restrictions set forth above.

    
Pursuant to the merger agreement, Datron has agreed not to release or permit
the release of any person (other than Titan) from, or waive or permit the waiver
of any provision of, any confidentiality, "standstill" or similar agreement
(other than as required pursuant to the terms of the relevant agreement) under
which Datron or any of its subsidiaries has any rights and will use reasonable
best efforts to enforce each such agreement if Titan should request that Datron
do so.
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Datron has agreed to promptly
request each person that has executed, within 12 months prior to the merger
agreement, a confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement in connection with
an Acquisition Proposal to return all confidential information furnished to such
person by or on behalf of Datron.

    
An "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer, proposal, inquiry or indication
of interest (other than an offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest by
Titan) contemplating or otherwise relating to any of the following:

    - any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, issuance
      of securities, direct or indirect acquisition of securities, tender offer,
      exchange offer or other similar transaction in which Datron or any
      subsidiary of Datron is a constituent corporation, any person or "group"
      (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of
      persons directly or indirectly acquires beneficial or record ownership of
      securities representing more than 20% of the outstanding securities of any
      class of voting securities of Datron or any subsidiary of Datron, or
      Datron, or any subsidiary of Datron, issues securities representing more
      than 20% of the outstanding securities of any class of its voting
      securities;

    - any direct or indirect sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license,
      acquisition or disposition of any business or businesses or of assets or
      rights that constitute or account for 20% or more of the consolidated net
      revenues, net income or assets of Datron or any subsidiary of Datron; or

    - any liquidation or dissolution of Datron or any subsidiary of Datron.

    
A "Superior Proposal" means an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by
a third party for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of
substantial assets, sale of shares of capital stock (including without
limitation by way of a tender offer) or similar transaction with respect to
Datron or any subsidiary of Datron on terms that the board of directors of
Datron determines, in good faith, after consultation with Philpott Ball & Werner
or another nationally recognized independent financial advisor, if accepted, is
reasonably likely to be consummated, taking into account all legal, financial
and regulatory aspects of the offer and the person making the offer, and would,
if consummated, be more favorable to Datron's stockholders, from a financial
point of view, than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

However, any such offer shall not be deemed to be a "Superior Proposal" if any
financing required to consummate the transaction contemplated by such offer is
not committed or is not, in the good faith judgment of Datron, reasonably
capable of being obtained by such third party on a timely basis.

    
The terms of the merger agreement do not prohibit Datron or Datron's board
of directors from taking and disclosing to Datron stockholders a position with
respect to a tender offer or an exchange offer by a third party, or from making
any disclosure required by applicable law.
However, in connection with any
Acquisition Proposal, Datron's board of directors may not withhold, withdraw,
modify or change in a manner adverse to Titan, or fail to make, a recommendation
that Datron stockholders accept the exchange offer and approve and adopt the
merger agreement, and Datron's board of directors may not approve, endorse or
recommend any Acquisition Proposal, unless the conditions described above under
the caption "LIMITATION ON DATRON'S ABILITY TO CONSIDER OTHER ACQUISITION
PROPOSALS" are satisfied.


EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

    The merger agreement contemplates that the employees of Datron and any of
its subsidiaries who become and remain employees of Titan or any of its
subsidiaries after the completion of the merger will be eligible to continue to
participate in the surviving corporation's health, vacation and other employee
benefit plans.
In the event Titan or the surviving corporation terminates any
such health, vacation or other employee plan at any time, such employees will be
eligible to participate in Titan's health, vacation or other employee benefit
plans to substantially the same extent as employees of Titan in similar
positions with the same seniority or years of service, and such seniority or
years of service with Datron will be recognized for eligibility and vesting
purposes.


CONDITIONS TO THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    The obligation of Titan to accept for exchange, and to deliver shares of
Titan common stock in exchange for, shares of Datron common stock that are
validly tendered and not properly withdrawn, is subject to the satisfaction or,
where permissible, the waiver of the conditions described in the merger
agreement, including the following conditions:

    THE MINIMUM TENDER CONDITION

    Prior to the expiration date of the exchange offer, as it may be extended
pursuant to the merger agreement, there must be validly tendered, in accordance
with the terms of the exchange offer, and not withdrawn a number of shares of
Datron common stock that, when added to any shares of Datron common stock owned
by Titan, is equal to at least a majority of the total number of shares of
Datron

common stock outstanding immediately prior to the expiration date of the
exchange offer, as it may be extended pursuant to the merger agreement.

    
OTHER CONDITIONS TO THE EXCHANGE OFFER

    
The exchange offer is also subject to the conditions that, prior to the
expiration of the exchange offer, as it may be extended pursuant to the merger
agreement:

    - the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act must have expired or been
      terminated;

    - any applicable waiting periods under foreign antitrust laws must have
      expired or been terminated and any required consents or clearances must
      have been obtained;

    - the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to this transaction must
      have been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, and must
      not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order;

    - the shares of Titan common stock that are to be issued in the transaction
      must have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange,
      subject to official notice of issuance;

    - Titan and Datron must have received opinions from their respective
      counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to both, to the
      effect that the transaction will be a tax-free reorganization for federal
      income tax purposes, and the respective opinions must not have been
      subsequently rescinded; provided, however, if Titan's or Datron's counsel
      does not render such an opinion, or withdraws or modifies such opinion,
      this condition will be deemed satisfied if the other party's counsel
      renders such an opinion;

    - There must not be pending or threatened any legal proceeding in which a
      governmental body is:

       (1) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of
           the offer or merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by
           the merger agreement;

       (2) seeking to obtain material damages from Titan or any subsidiary of
           Titan relating to the offer or the merger;

       (3) seeking to prohibit or limit in any material respect Titan's or any
           subsidiary of Titan's ability to vote, receive dividends with respect
           to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the shares
           of Datron common stock to be acquired in the offer or with respect to
           the stock of the surviving corporation;

       (4) which would materially and adversely affect the right of Titan, the
           surviving corporation or any of their respective subsidiaries to own
           the assets or operate the business of Datron or any subsidiary of
           Datron;

       (5) seeking to compel Datron, Titan or any of their respective
           subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a
           result of the merger or any of the transactions contemplated by the
           merger agreement;

       (6) obligating Datron, Titan or any of their respective subsidiaries to
           pay material damages or otherwise become subject to material adverse
           consequences in connection with any of the transactions contemplated
           by the merger agreement; or

       (7) which would otherwise result in a material adverse effect on Datron
           or, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the merger
           agreement, a material adverse effect on Titan;

    - Datron must have not have materially breached any of its covenants,
      obligations or agreements under the merger agreement;

    - The representations and warranties of Datron contained in the merger
      agreement must have been true as of June 24, 2001 and must be true on and
      as of the date of the expiration of the exchange offer, as it may be
      extended pursuant to the merger agreement, with the same force and effect
      as if made as of such date, except:

       (1) in each case or in the aggregate, as does not constitute, and is not
           reasonably expected to result in, a material adverse effect on
           Datron;

       (2) for changes contemplated by the merger agreement; and

       (3) for those representations and warranties which address matters only
           as of a particular date, which representations must have been true
           (subject to the material adverse effect qualifications and
           limitations described above) as of such particular date;

    - The representations and warranties made by Datron regarding its
      capitalization must have been true in all respects as of June 24, 2001 and
      must be true on and as of the date of the expiration of the exchange
      offer, as it may be extended pursuant to the merger agreement, with the
      same force and effect as if made as of such date;

    - Except as disclosed to Titan by Datron, since December 31, 2000, there
      must not have been any material adverse effect on Datron or the occurrence
      of any event or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have a
      material adverse effect on Datron; and

    - The merger agreement must not have been terminated in accordance with its
      terms.

    
If any one of the above conditions is not met, and, in the good faith
judgment of Titan, it is inadvisable to proceed with the exchange offer or the
acceptance for exchange of, or the delivery of shares of Titan common stock in
exchange for, shares of Datron common stock, then Titan will not be required to
accept for exchange, or deliver any shares of Titan common stock in exchange
for, any shares of Datron common stock tendered.

    
Titan reserves the absolute right, in its sole discretion, subject to the
terms of the merger agreement, to waive, in whole or in part, any of the
conditions to the exchange offer.
However, the minimum tender condition, the
U.S. antitrust clearance condition, the conditions relating to the effectiveness
of the registration statement for the shares of Titan common stock to be issued
in the exchange offer and the listing of shares of Titan common stock on the New
York Stock Exchange and the condition that Datron must have received a tax
opinion from its legal counsel, as described above, may not be waived by Titan
without Datron's consent.

    
As used in the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" as it relates to
Titan or Datron means a material adverse effect on or change in the financial
condition, business, assets or results of operations of Titan or Datron and
their respective subsidiaries, each taken as a whole, as the case may be.


CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

    The obligations of Titan and Datron to complete the merger are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - if required by Delaware law, the merger agreement must have been adopted
      and approved by Datron stockholders;

    - Titan must have accepted for exchange, and delivered shares of Titan
      common stock in exchange for, all shares of Datron common stock that are
      validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the exchange
      offer;

    - no provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment,
      injunction, order or decree prohibits the completion of the merger or the
      other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

    - the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the transaction,
      including any post-effective amendment thereto, must have become
      effective, and must not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings
      seeking a stop order, and any material "blue sky" or other state
      securities laws applicable to the registration and qualification of shares
      of Titan's common stock must have been complied with.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    TERMINATION BY MUTUAL AGREEMENT

    Titan and Datron may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the
completion of the merger by mutual written consent.

    
TERMINATION BY EITHER TITAN OR DATRON

    Either Titan or Datron may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior
to the completion of the merger if:

    - the exchange offer has not been completed on or before August 31, 2001,
      except that the right to terminate the merger agreement for the reason
      identified in this paragraph is not available to any party whose action or
      failure to act has been a principal cause of the failure of the exchange
      offer to have been completed on or before such date if the action or
      failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger agreement;

    - the exchange offer expires or terminates in accordance with the terms of
      the merger agreement without Titan having accepted for exchange any shares
      of Datron common stock pursuant to the offer, except that the right to
      terminate the merger agreement for the reason identified in this paragraph
      is not available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a
      principal cause of the expiration or termination of the exchange offer
      without shares of Datron common stock having been accepted for exchange,
      if the action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger
      agreement; or

    - there is any applicable law or regulation that makes completion of the
      exchange offer or the merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, or any final
      and nonappealable judgment, injunction or order that prohibits the
      completion of the exchange offer or the merger.

    
TERMINATION ARISING FROM STOCK PRICE MOVEMENTS

    Datron may terminate the merger agreement, at any time during the two-day
period commencing on (and including) July 27, 2001, if:

    - the average closing sales price of Titan common stock on the New York
      Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape, as reported in the Wall Street
      Journal, or, if not reported therein, any other authoritative source, for
      the 10-day trading period ending July 27, 2001 is less than $17.50;

    - Datron gives prompt written notice to Titan of its intent to terminate
      (which notice of election to terminate may be withdrawn by Datron at any
      time during the aforementioned two-day period pursuant to written notice
      provided by Datron to Titan); and

    - during the two-day period following the date on which Titan receives such
      notice, Titan does not provide notice to Datron of its election to
      continue the exchange offer using an exchange ratio equal to 90% of the
      price of Datron common stock divided by the average Titan closing price.

    
Titan may terminate the merger agreement, at any time during the two-day
period commencing on (and including) July 27, 2001, if:

    - the average closing sales price of Titan common stock on the New York
      Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape, as reported in the Wall Street
      Journal, or, if not reported therein, any other authoritative source, for
      the 10-day trading period ending July 27, 2001, is greater than $27.50;

    - Titan gives prompt written notice to Datron of its intent to terminate
      (which notice of election to terminate may be withdrawn by Titan at any
      time during the aforementioned two-day period pursuant to written notice
      provided by Titan to Datron); and

    - during the two-day period following the date on which Datron receives such
      notice, Datron does not provide notice to Titan of its election to
      continue the terms of the merger agreement using an exchange ratio equal
      to 110% of the price of Datron common stock divided by the average Titan
      closing price.

    
TERMINATION BY TITAN

    Titan may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the acceptance
for exchange of shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the exchange offer, if
any of the following (a "Triggering Event") occurs:

    - Datron's board of directors fails to recommend that Datron stockholders
      accept the exchange offer and vote to approve the merger agreement;

    - Datron's board of directors withdraws, modifies or amends in any respect
      adverse to Titan its recommendation that Datron stockholders accept the
      exchange offer or its recommendation that Datron stockholders approve the
      merger agreement;

    - Datron's board of directors makes any disclosure to Datron stockholders or
      a public announcement that makes it reasonably apparent that, absent the
      restrictions described in the merger agreement, Datron's board of
      directors would withdraw, modify or amend in any respect adverse to Titan
      its recommendation that Datron stockholders accept the exchange offer or
      its recommendation that Datron stockholders approve the merger agreement;

    - Datron fails to include its recommendation that Datron stockholders accept
      the exchange offer or its recommendation that Datron stockholders approve
      the merger agreement in any of the offering documents;

    - Datron's board of directors fails to reaffirm in writing its
      recommendation that Datron stockholders accept the exchange offer or its
      recommendation that Datron stockholders approve the merger agreement, or
      fails to reaffirm in writing its determination that the offer and the
      merger are in the best interests of the Company's stockholders, within
      five business days after Titan requests in writing that such
      recommendation or determination be reaffirmed;

    - Datron's board of directors recommends, or resolves or announces an
      intention to recommend, any Acquisition Proposal to Datron stockholders;

    - Datron enters into any letter of intent or similar document or any
      contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal;

    - any tender offer or exchange offer (other than the exchange offer being
      made by Titan as described in this prospectus) relating to the outstanding
      shares of Datron common stock is announced or commenced and either
      Datron's board of directors recommends acceptance of the tender offer or
      exchange offer, or within 10 business days of the commencement of the
      tender offer or exchange offer, Datron's board of directors fails to
      recommend against approval of the tender offer or exchange offer by Datron
      stockholders;

    - an Acquisition Proposal is publicly announced, and Datron either fails to
      issue a press release announcing its opposition to such Acquisition
      Proposal within five business days after such Acquisition Proposal is
      announced or otherwise fails to actively oppose such Acquisition Proposal;
      or

    - there is a material breach of Datron's obligations described in the
      section entitled "LIMITATION ON DATRON'S ABILITY TO CONSIDER OTHER
      ACQUISITION PROPOSALS" above.

    
In addition, Titan may terminate the merger agreement, at any time prior to
the acceptance for exchange of shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the
exchange offer, if:

    - Datron materially breaches any covenant or agreement in the merger
      agreement such that, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Titan
      would not be required to accept for exchange any shares of Datron common
      stock tendered pursuant to the exchange offer if the expiration of the
      exchange offer had occurred on the date of the material breach; or

    - any representation or warranty of Datron was untrue when made or becomes
      untrue such that, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Titan
      would not be required to accept for exchange any shares of Datron common
      stock tendered pursuant to the exchange offer if the expiration of the
      exchange offer had occurred on the date the untruth of the representation
      or warranty is communicated in writing to Datron by Titan.

    
If, however, the breach of the covenant or agreement by Datron, or the
untruth of the representation or warranty of Datron, is curable by Datron
through the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, then Titan may not
terminate the merger agreement until the earlier of 10 days after delivery of
written notice from Titan to Datron of the breach or untruth, or the date on
which Datron ceases to use reasonable best efforts to cure the breach or
untruth.

    
TERMINATION BY DATRON

    Datron may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the
acceptance for exchange of shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the
exchange offer, if:

    - Titan materially breaches any covenant or agreement in the merger
      agreement;

    - any representation or warranty of Titan, which was not qualified by a
      "materiality" qualifier, was inaccurate in any material respect; or

    - any representation or warranty of Titan, which was qualified by a
      "materiality" qualifier, was inaccurate in any respect.

    
If, however, the breach of the covenant or agreement by Titan, or the
inaccuracy of the representation or warranty of Titan, is curable by Titan
through the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, then Datron may not
terminate the merger agreement until the earlier of 10 days after delivery of
written notice from Datron to Titan of the breach or untruth, or the date on
which Titan ceases to exercise reasonable best efforts to cure the breach or
untruth.

    
If the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to any of the provisions
described above in this section, the merger agreement will become void and of no
effect, with no liability on the part of Titan or Datron, unless Titan
terminated the merger agreement because a Triggering Event has occurred or

certain circumstances exist pursuant to which the termination fee described
below may become payable.
Under the terms of the merger agreement, if the merger
agreement is terminated by Titan because a Triggering Event occurred then,
within two days after such termination, Datron must make a non-refundable cash
payment to Titan, in addition to any termination fee due, in an amount equal to
the aggregate amount of all reasonably documented fees and expenses (including
all attorneys' fees, accountants' fees, financial advisory fees and filing fees)
that have been paid or that may become payable by or on behalf of Titan in
connection with the preparation and negotiation of the merger agreement and
otherwise in connection with the offer and the merger up to an aggregate amount
of $300,000.


TERMINATION FEE; EXPENSES

    Datron has agreed to pay to Titan a termination fee in an amount equal to
$2.0 million, if the merger agreement is terminated before shares of Datron
common stock are accepted for exchange pursuant to the exchange offer and any of
the following additional circumstances exist:

    - The merger agreement is terminated by Titan because a Triggering Event has
      occurred; or

    - The merger agreement is terminated by either Titan or Datron because the
      exchange offer expires or terminates in accordance with the terms of the
      merger agreement without Titan having accepted for exchange any shares of
      Datron common stock or the exchange offer has not been completed on or
      before August 31, 2001, if:

       (1) at or prior to the termination of the merger agreement, an
           Acquisition Proposal is disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or
           made; and

       (2) within 12 months following the termination of the merger agreement,
           Datron enters into a definitive agreement related to, or consummates,
           an acquisition transaction with any person.

    
The merger agreement provides that all expenses, other than any termination
fee, incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are to be paid by the party incurring such
expenses.
However, Titan and Datron are required to share equally all fees and
expenses, other than attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with the filing,
printing and mailing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a
part, the preliminary prospectus, the exchange offer documents, the
post-effective amendment to the registration statement, and any amendments or
supplements to the preceding documents (if required), the filing by any of the
parties to the merger agreement of reports and forms relating to the transaction
under the HSR Act and the filing of any notice or other document under any
applicable foreign antitrust law.

AMENDMENTS TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The merger agreement may be amended, modified or waived by Titan's or
Datron's board of directors at any time (whether before or after adoption of the
merger agreement by Datron stockholders) if the amendment or waiver is in
writing and signed, in the case of an amendment, by Datron and Titan or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective.

However, after the adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of
Datron, if necessary, no amendment shall be made which by law requires further
approval of Datron stockholders without the further approval of Datron
stockholders.
See the section entitled "CONDITIONS TO THE EXCHANGE OFFER" for
information regarding the right of Titan to waive conditions to the exchange
offer.

                       
THE STOCKHOLDER TENDER AGREEMENTS

    The following description of the stockholder tender agreements describes the
material terms of the stockholder tender agreements.
A complete form of
stockholder tender agreement is attached as ANNEX B to this prospectus and is
incorporated into this prospectus by reference.
All stockholders are urged to
read the form of stockholder tender agreement carefully.


PARTIES TO THE STOCKHOLDER TENDER AGREEMENTS

    As an inducement for Titan to enter into the merger agreement, the following
directors and executive officers of Datron have entered into stockholder tender
agreements with Titan and granted Titan an irrevocable proxy with respect to the
shares of Datron common stock (and options, warrants and other rights to acquire
shares of Datron common stock) beneficially owned by them as of June 24, 2001 or
acquired by them after June 24, 2001: David A. Derby, Kent P. Ainsworth,
William L. Stephen, Don M. Lyle, Robert D. Sherer, Richard W. Flatow and
William A. Preston.

    
Datron's directors and officers who have beneficial ownership of 82,509
shares of Datron common stock in the aggregate, which represented approximately
3.0% of the outstanding shares of Datron common stock as of July 6, 2001, have
agreed to tender and not withdraw their shares of Datron common stock in the
exchange offer.
In addition, the officers and directors of Datron who are
parties to the stockholder tender agreements may be obligated to exercise vested
options to purchase up to 137,849 shares of Datron common stock in the
aggregate, representing approximately 5.0% of the outstanding shares of Datron
common stock as of July 6, 2001, and tender the shares issued upon exercise of
such options if and to the extent necessary to satisfy the minimum condition for
the exchange offer.


AGREEMENT TO TENDER

    Each stockholder who has signed a stockholder tender agreement has agreed
that, unless Titan requests otherwise, the stockholder will tender his shares of
Datron common stock in the exchange offer within 10 business days after the
commencement of the exchange offer and will not withdraw the shares so tendered.


AGREEMENT TO VOTE

    Each stockholder who has signed a stockholder tender agreement has agreed
that, until the earlier of the day when the merger is completed or the day when
the merger agreement is validly terminated pursuant to its terms, the
stockholder will vote, or cause his shares of Datron common stock to be voted:

    - against any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any
      representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Datron in the merger
      agreement;

    - against any action or agreement that would cause any provision contained
      in Section 6 or ANNEX I of the merger agreement to not be satisfied; and

    - against the following actions (other than the offer, the merger and the
      transactions contemplated by the merger agreement): (i) any Datron
      Acquisition Proposal; (ii) any change in a majority of the members of the
      board of directors of Datron, other than any change contemplated by
      Section 1.3 of the merger agreement; or (iii) any other action which is
      intended to, or could reasonably be expected to, impede, interfere with,
      delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the consummation of the
      exchange offer, the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
      by the merger agreement or the stockholder tender agreement.

    
In addition, each stockholder who has signed a stockholder tender agreement
has agreed that, prior to the earlier of the day when the merger is completed or
the day when the merger agreement is validly terminated pursuant to its terms,
the stockholder will not enter into any agreement or understanding with any
person or vote or give instructions in any manner inconsistent with the
stockholder's agreement to vote, as described above.


AGREEMENT NOT TO TRANSFER

    Each stockholder who has signed a stockholder tender agreement has agreed
that the stockholder will not:

    - cause or permit any transfer of any of his shares of Datron common stock
      to be effected (other than pursuant to the offer);

    - tender any of his shares of Datron common stock to any person (other than
      Gem Acquisition Corp. and Titan); or

    - create or permit to exist any encumbrance with respect to any of his
      shares of Datron common stock (other than encumbrances which do not affect
      the right to tender his shares of Datron common stock pursuant to the
      exchange offer and encumbrances which do not affect, directly or
      indirectly, the right of Titan to vote his shares of Datron common stock).


OBLIGATION TO EXERCISE OPTIONS

    
Each stockholder of Datron who signed a stockholder tender agreement has
agreed to immediately exercise options, warrants or other rights to acquire
shares of Datron common stock which are vested as of the date of the stockholder
tender agreement or which become vested prior to the offer acceptance time, also
referred to as the subject options, if:

    - the number of shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in
      accordance with the terms of the offer two business days prior to the
      expiration date of the offer, together with the shares then owned by Titan
      and Gem Acquisition Corp.
(if any), also referred to as the tendered
      shares, do not satisfy the minimum condition for the exchange offer;

    - the aggregate number of shares of Datron common stock issuable upon
      exercise of the subject options owned collectively by the officers and
      directors of Datron who are parties to stockholder tender agreements,
      together with the tendered shares, would satisfy the minimum condition for
      the exchange offer; and

    - the subject options are considered to be "in the money."

    A subject option is considered to be "in the money" if the price of Titan
common stock multiplied by the exchange ratio exceeds the exercise price of the
subject option on the date the price is determined.
At the request of the
stockholder in connection with any exercise of subject options pursuant to a
stockholder tender agreement, Titan or its designees will provide to such
stockholder a loan on commercially reasonable terms equal to the exercise price
of the subject options exercised pursuant to the stockholder tender agreement,
which loan will be secured solely by the shares of Datron common stock received
by such stockholder in such exercise of any subject options.


OTHER

    Each stockholder who has signed a stockholder tender agreement has agreed
not to exercise any rights to demand appraisal of any shares of Datron common
stock, which may arise with respect to the merger.
All obligations under the
stockholder tender agreements terminate upon the earlier of the day when the
merger agreement is terminated, or the time when the exchange offer is accepted.

                         
INFORMATION RELATING TO DATRON

OVERVIEW

    Datron provides products and services for emerging satellite and radio
communication markets.
Datron is a leading supplier of tracking antenna products
that are designed to provide television, Internet and other broadband
communication connections to land, sea and air mobile markets.
Datron's major
products are remote sensing satellite earth stations, satellite communication
systems, mobile satellite television reception systems, and voice and data
communication radios.
Datron sells its products to commercial and governmental
markets worldwide including several U.S. government customers such as the U.S.
Department of Defense, or DoD. Datron was founded in 1969 and became an
independent publicly held corporation in 1985.

    
Datron operates in two business segments through two subsidiaries:

    - Datron Advanced Technologies Inc., or DAT, which conducts Datron's Antenna
      and Imaging Systems business; and

    - Datron World Communications, or DWC, which conducts Datron's
      Communications Products business.


ANTENNA AND IMAGING SYSTEMS

    The Antenna and Imaging System business segment designs and manufactures
satellite communication systems, subsystems and antennas and sells them to
commercial and governmental customers worldwide, including the DoD. DAT's major
product lines are:

    - satellite tracking antenna systems used for telemetry, tracking and
      control, remote sensing and satellite communication purposes by government
      and commercial users; and

    - mobile broadband communication systems for airlines, military transports
      and mobile land and marine direct broadcast satellite, or DBS, television
      users.

    
SATELLITE TRACKING ANTENNA SYSTEMS.  
Datron supplies satellite communication
antenna systems and subsystems used to receive defense-related data and data
transmitted through satellites of other government and commercial organizations.

The stabilizing and automatic tracking capabilities of its antenna systems make
them particularly well-suited for use on ships, motor vehicles and other mobile
platforms.
Over the past two decades, Datron has been a prime contractor and a
subcontractor for shipboard antenna systems used by the U.S. Navy.
More
recently, Datron has been developing airborne antenna systems for the U.S. Air
Force.

    
Telemetry, tracking and control systems monitor and control vehicles such as
satellites, missiles and aircraft.
They receive radio telemetry signals
containing vehicle status information, engage in automatic tracking of the
vehicle so contact is maintained and transmit command signals so vehicle control
can be established and maintained.

    
The remote sensing market is a subset of the broader earth observation
market.
It involves using several types of satellites containing optical and
radar sensors in conjunction with ground antennas and data processing equipment
to produce images.
The images are in the form of hard copy and/or digital data
that allow the user to study changes on the earth's surface or environment.

Applications include locating minerals, updating maps, forecasting weather,
monitoring crops, studying the environment, monitoring earth resources and
gathering economic or military intelligence.
Datron offers its customers
complete remote sensing earth stations, including image processing capability.

    
Datron previously designed and manufactured broad bandwidth microwave
antennas for the aerospace industry that are used on high performance aircraft,
missiles and space launch vehicles.
Datron sold that product line in the third
quarter of fiscal 2001.

    
MOBILE BROADBAND COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS.  
Datron is a leading designer and
marketer of mobile broadband communication systems.
In fiscal 1996, Datron
introduced its first DBS antenna product that allows a recreational vehicle
owner to receive DBS television from a parked vehicle at the touch of a button
by automatically locating the satellite.
During fiscal 1997, Datron introduced
several additional DBS antenna products including systems for boats at anchor,
boats underway, and RVs and buses on the open road.
Also during fiscal 1997,
Datron was first to demonstrate live DBS television on a commercial airliner,
and in fiscal 1998, was first to obtain Federal Aviation Administration
certification of an airborne DBS system designed for large business jets.
In
fiscal 2000, Datron licensed the manufacturing rights to its DBS-2100T
tail-mounted antenna for business jets to Airshow Inc. and announced it intended
to concentrate its airborne efforts on the commercial airline market.

    
CUSTOMERS AND MARKETING

    Sales of Antenna and Imaging Systems' products have historically been
concentrated with the DoD, which accounted for 24% of this business segment's
fiscal 2001 sales and 32% of its fiscal 2000 sales.
Marketing and sales
activities for its DoD customers and other non-defense governmental agencies are
conducted by internal sales and engineering personnel.
Most customers for the
remote sensing business are foreign government space and communications
agencies.
Marketing and sales activities for those products are usually
conducted through independent sales representatives in Europe, South America and
Asia.

    
Datron established a new distribution method to sell the mobile DBS
television systems to the consumer markets.
Datron currently sells its DBS
products directly to dealers and original equipment manufacturers, as well as
through select distributors and agents.
DAT's employees provide sales and
marketing support and installation training for the dealers.

    
In fiscal 2001, the two largest companies seeking to provide broadband
communications to the airlines, Rockwell Collins and Boeing, awarded development
and study contracts to Datron.
These companies intended to supply real-time,
high-speed Internet, video and other data to airline cabins and cockpits.

Rockwell Collins also placed an order with Datron for nine flight-test units.

However, in April 2001, Rockwell Collins announced it no longer intended to
participate in an In-Flight Network joint venture with News Corporation and
issued Datron a stop-work order on the contract for nine flight-test units.

Boeing remains committed to the market through its Connection by Boeing(SM)
service.
Datron satisfactorily completed the Boeing study contract and maintains
an ongoing relationship with Boeing.
Datron remains committed to this market,
but believes it will take longer to develop than originally anticipated.

    
MANUFACTURING, ASSEMBLY AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY

    Datron's Antenna and Imaging Systems products are designed, manufactured and
assembled at facilities in Simi Valley, California.
Datron purchases some
components and subsystems from subcontractors and vendors.
Some of these items
are standard off-the-shelf components and others are fabricated to Datron
specifications.
Datron also fabricates electronic assemblies from purchased
electronic components and circuit boards.

    
Datron generally does not rely on a single source of supply for materials,
parts or components.
However, once a subcontractor is selected to provide
components built to Datron's specifications, Datron is often dependent on that
subcontractor.
If a subcontractor fails to perform Datron may not be able to
meet its required delivery schedules which could affect adversely its business.


COMMUNICATION PRODUCTS

    The Communication Products segment designs, manufactures and distributes
high frequency, or HF, radios and accessories for over-the-horizon radio
communications and very high frequency, or

VHF, radios and accessories for line-of-sight communications.
Datron's HF radios
operate in the frequency range of 1.6 to 30 megahertz, where radio waves
generated from the transmitter reflect off the ionosphere back to the point of
receipt on earth.
Datron's VHF radio products, which operate in the frequency
range of 30 to 88 megahertz, provide users high-quality transmission for
line-of-sight communications.

    
In addition to its standard radios, Datron offers frequency hopping and
encryption options to its VHF product line and automatic link establishment
options to its HF product line.
Frequency hopping is a technique that prevents
interruption or interception of radio signals by changing, at high speeds, the
frequency at which they are transmitted.
This technology utilizes synchronized
mechanisms that ensure all radios in a network are synchronized and frequency
hop at the same time.
Automatic link establishment, when used in HF radio
equipment, automatically determines the best available frequencies on which to
communicate.

    
Datron offers a wide range of accessory products to complement the HF and
VHF product lines.
These accessory products include antennas and antenna tuners,
power sources, amplifiers, remote control systems, modems, data communications
equipment and audio accessories.

    
A substantial percentage of sales of Communication Products is concentrated
with a small number of customers.
For example, in fiscal 2001, two Asian
customers accounted for 36% and 29% of this business segment's sales.
In fiscal
2000, an African customer accounted for 44% of this business segment's sales and
a European customer accounted for 11% of its sales.
In fiscal 1999, another
African customer accounted for 20% of this business segment's sales and an Asian
customer accounted for 13% of its sales.
Because it is unusual to receive large
orders from the same customer in successive years, it is often necessary to find
new customers each year to replace the previous year's sales.
To minimize the
impact fluctuating sales may have on Datron's operations, temporary employees
are used when practical.

    
In March 2001, Datron introduced its new Guardian-TM- family of radios
intended to address the estimated $800.0 million federal public safety wireless
network, or PSWN, market, a domestic market Datron has not previously served.

The PSWN market is being driven by a federal government mandate that requires
all non-military VHF radios to comply with certain radio spectrum utilization
and interoperability standards by 2005.
Although initial reaction from potential
customers to the Guardian radio has been positive, market acceptance of the
radio is uncertain.

    
CUSTOMERS AND MARKETING

    Sales to foreign customers accounted for 96% of this business segment's
fiscal 2001 sales and 89% of its fiscal 2000 sales.
Most of its international
customers are agencies of foreign governments that perform civil defense,
paramilitary and military operations, and foreign governmental agencies that
perform civilian tasks unrelated to military operations, such as civil aviation
agencies, drug interdiction agencies, embassies and disaster relief
organizations.
Domestic customers are primarily various agencies of the U.S.
government, including the Drug Enforcement Administration and Department of
State.

    
Datron's products are sold in over 80 countries by a network of independent
sales and service representatives, most of whom are non-exclusive sales agents
of Datron.
These representatives provide both pre-sale and post-sale support.

Many of them operate service facilities that offer both warranty and long-term
maintenance of Datron's products.
Sales are denominated in U.S. dollars.

    
In addition to direct sales, Datron sometimes sells its radio products to
international suppliers of complementary equipment.
It also sometimes licenses
the local manufacturing of its products to customers in certain countries.
The
latter practice is usually followed where local regulations discourage the
importation of complete units.

    
MANUFACTURING, ASSEMBLY AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY

    Communication products are designed and manufactured at Datron's facilities
in Vista, California.
Datron engineers work closely with manufacturing and
marketing personnel to improve existing designs and to introduce new products
that meet the ever-changing demands of the marketplace.
Datron purchases certain
electronic components, circuit boards and fabricated metal parts, and painting
and silk screening services.
Other than when it licenses overseas manufacturing
for a particular local market, Datron performs most other manufacturing
functions necessary for the production of its products.

    
Datron is generally not dependent on any single source of supply for the
manufacture of its communication products.
Although only one supplier may be
used for certain parts, Datron believes that multiple sources are usually
available.


PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS AND LICENSES

    Datron has applied for several patents related to its mobile broadband
products.
However, Datron believes that patents are not generally a significant
factor in Datron's business and that the success of Datron depends primarily on
the technical competence and managerial and marketing ability of Datron's
personnel.

    
DATRON-Registered Trademark- and design, TRANSWORLD-Registered Trademark-,
I2S-Registered Trademark-, PRI2SM-Registered Trademark-, OPEN
2000-Registered Trademark-, DBS-2000-Registered Trademark-,
DBS-2100-Registered Trademark-, DBS-2400-Registered Trademark-,
DBS-3000-Registered Trademark-,
DBS-4000-Registered Trademark-, VI2STA-Registered Trademark- and
CruiseTV-Registered Trademark- are registered trademarks of Datron.

Guardian-TM-, DBS-5000-TM-, GSC-NET-TM-, First In Motion-TM-, Whisperdrive-TM-
and We Cover the Global Spectrum-TM- are trademarks of Datron by application for
registration with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

    
Datron has obtained licenses for the VHF frequency hopping technology and
for the automatic link establishment technology used in Datron's VHF and HF
radio products, respectively.
It has also obtained a license for certain
technology used in its Guardian radio.


EMPLOYEES

    Datron employed approximately 305 employees at the end of fiscal 2001
compared with approximately 334 employees at the end of fiscal 2000.
A decrease
primarily in engineering and manufacturing personnel at the Antenna and Imaging
Systems business segment was partially offset by an increase in engineering
personnel at the Communication Products business segment.

    
None of Datron's employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement,
and Datron considers its employee relations to be good.


PROPERTIES

    Datron's DWC subsidiary leases approximately 70,000 square feet of office,
engineering and manufacturing space in Vista, California.
The lease expires on
April 30, 2009 and contains a five-year renewal option.
DWC's operations and
Datron's corporate headquarters are located at this facility.

    
DAT owns through a subsidiary, Datron Resources Inc., a 110,000 square foot
office, engineering and manufacturing building located on a nine-acre site in
Simi Valley, California.
DAT conducts operations from that facility.

    
Datron considers its properties to be suitable and adequate for its present
needs.
The facilities in Vista and Simi Valley are being fully utilized during a
single shift with the exception of approximately 5,000 square feet of
manufacturing space in the Vista facility, which is reserved for future growth.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    
Datron is not involved in any litigation that is expected to have a material
adverse effect on its business or consolidated financial position.

    
In August 1992, DWC was named as defendant in a lawsuit filed by ATACS
Corporation, or ATACS, and AIRTACS Corporation, or AIRTACS, relating to a
contract to provide radio communication shelters.
ATACS and AIRTACS contend that
DWC entered into an agreement to team with them on the contract and then
wrongfully failed to use them as subcontractors.
They seek damages in excess of
$2.0 million.
In rulings on May 28, 1997 and September 3, 1997, the court found
Trans World in breach of a teaming agreement and awarded ATACS and AIRTACS one
dollar in damages.
On September 8, 1998, the appeals court affirmed the district
court's decision except as to the award of nominal damages, and remanded the
matter to the district court for further hearing on damages.
On June 14, 2000,
the district court issued an order awarding ATACS and AIRTACS damages of $30,075
including prejudgment interest.
On July 12, 2000, ATACS and AIRTACS appealed the
district court's judgment to the U.S. Court of Appeals.
Datron believes that
final resolution of this matter will not materially affect the consolidated
financial position of Datron or its results of operations.

    
In December 2000, DWC was named as defendant in a lawsuit filed by Jose
Maria Santos Ramos, an individual, and Tecserve (Private) Limited trading as
Vista Communications.
In the lawsuit, plaintiffs allege that DWC breached a
representative agreement and that plaintiffs are entitled to payment of a
commission in the amount of $3,750,000 based on the alleged agreement.
DWC
denies that it breached the agreement and/or that it owes any commissions to
plaintiffs.
Datron believes that final resolution of this matter will not
materially affect the consolidated financial position of Datron or its results
of operations.

                  
DATRON MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    THIS MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS CONTAINS "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" AS DEFINED IN THE PRIVATE
SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995.
A VARIETY OF FACTORS COULD CAUSE
DATRON'S ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER FROM THE ANTICIPATED RESULTS EXPRESSED IN SUCH
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, UNCERTAINTIES STEMMING
FROM THE DEPENDENCE OF DATRON ON FOREIGN SALES AND ON LARGE ORDERS FROM A
RELATIVELY SMALL NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS, RISKS RELATING TO THE DECLINE IN DATRON'S
TRADITIONAL DEFENSE BUSINESS AND DATRON'S EFFORTS TO DEVELOP AND MARKET CONSUMER
PRODUCTS, LACK OF TIMELY DEVELOPMENT OR CUSTOMER ACCEPTANCE OF NEW PRODUCTS,
CHANGES IN OR UNAVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED BY SATELLITE
SERVICE PROVIDERS AND THEIR RELATED SUPPLIERS, WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC DOWNTURNS AND
CURRENCY DEVALUATIONS, RESTRICTIONS THAT MAY BE IMPOSED BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT
ON THE EXPORT OF DATRON'S PRODUCTS, AND THE IMPACT OF COMPETITION.
FOR MORE
INFORMATION, PLEASE REVIEW DATRON'S PERIODIC REPORTS UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE INVESTMENT
CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH IN DATRON'S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND OTHER
PUBLICLY FILED DOCUMENTS.


OVERVIEW

    Datron provides products and services that address the needs of emerging
satellite and radio communication markets.
Datron reports operations in two
business segments: Antenna and Imaging Systems and Communication Products.

    
ANTENNA AND IMAGING SYSTEMS

    The Antenna and Imaging Systems business segment designs and manufactures
satellite communication systems, subsystems and antennas that are sold worldwide
to commercial and governmental customers, including the U.S. Department of
Defense.
Its major product lines are (1) satellite tracking antenna systems used
for remote sensing, telemetry, tracking and control and satellite communication
purposes by government and commercial users, and (2) mobile broadband
communication systems for airlines, military transports and mobile land and
marine direct broadcast satellite, or DBS, television users.
Fiscal 2001 sales
for this segment were $36,930,000, a 7% decrease from fiscal 2000 sales of
$39,756,000.
Product line sales for this segment in fiscal 2001 and 2000 were as
follows:

                                               PERCENTAGE                 PERCENTAGE
                                 FISCAL 2001    OF TOTAL    FISCAL 2000    OF TOTAL
                                 -----------   ----------   -----------   ----------

Antenna Systems................  $26,243,000        71%     $31,155,000        78%
Mobile Broadband...............   
10,687,000        29%       8,601,000        22%
                                 -----------       ---      -----------       ---
Total..........................  $36,930,000       100%     $39,756,000       100%
                                 ===========       ===      ===========       ===

    During fiscal 2000, the sale of a remote sensing system to an Asian customer
accounted for 13% of this segment's sales and 8% of consolidated sales.

    
COMMUNICATION PRODUCTS

    The Communication Products business segment designs, manufactures and
distributes voice and data communication radios for worldwide military and
civilian purposes.
At the end of fiscal 2001, it introduced a new radio
targeting the federal public safety wireless network, or PSWN, market, a market
it has not previously served.
Fiscal 2001 sales for this segment were
$25,332,000, a 14% increase from fiscal 2000 sales of $22,131,000.
Foreign
customers accounted for 96% of this segment's fiscal 2001 sales and 89% of
fiscal 2000 sales.
During fiscal 2001, sales of radio products to two Asian
customers accounted for 36% and 29% of this segment's sales and collectively 26%
of consolidated

sales.
During fiscal 2000, sales of radio products to an African customer
accounted for 44% of this segment's sales and 16% of consolidated sales.

    
Consolidated sales for fiscal 2001 were $62,262,000, up slightly from fiscal
2000 consolidated sales of $61,887,000.
The relatively flat sales were due to
higher sales of radio communication products, offset by lower sales of antenna
systems products.
Net income for fiscal 2001 was $2,957,000, or $1.06 per
diluted share, compared with net income in fiscal 2000 of $2,504,000, or $0.92
per diluted share.
The increase in net income was primarily due to a $2,801,000
pre-tax gain (approximately $1,685,000, or $0.60 per diluted share after-tax) on
the sale of Datron's microwave products line in the third quarter.
Net income in
fiscal 2000 included a $1,050,000 pre-tax license fee (approximately $632,000,
or $0.23 per diluted share after-tax) received for manufacturing rights to
Datron's DBS-2100 antenna for business jets.

    
You should read Datron's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
that are included elsewhere in this prospectus on pages F-1 through F-19 in
conjunction with the following review.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    Operating results for the last three fiscal years are presented for each of
Datron's two business segments:

                          ANTENNA AND IMAGING SYSTEMS
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

                                                     FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                 ------------------------------------
                                                   2001          2000          1999
                                                 --------      --------      --------

Net sales......................................  $36,930       $39,756       $39,084
                                                 =======       =======       =======
Percent of consolidated net sales..............       59%           64%           66%
Gross profit...................................  $ 9,299       $11,219       $11,315
Operating expenses before corporate expenses...    8,656         8,455         8,182
Gain on sale of product line...................   (2,801)           --            --
                                                 -------       -------       -------
Operating income...............................  $ 3,444       $ 2,763       $ 3,133
                                                 =======       =======       =======
Percent of consolidated operating income before
  corporate expenses...........................       59%           61%           73%
                                                 =======       =======       =======

    Sales of Antenna and Imaging Systems decreased $2,826,000, or 7%, in fiscal
2001 compared with fiscal 2000 sales.
The decrease was primarily due to lower
sales of remote sensing satellite earth stations and the absence of microwave
product sales during the last five months of the fiscal year due to the sale of
that product line in November 2000.
The decrease was partially offset by higher
sales of mobile broadband communication systems.
Sales of Antenna and Imaging
Systems increased $672,000, or 2%, in fiscal 2000 compared with fiscal 1999
sales.
The increase was due to higher sales of tracking antenna systems for
military and commercial customers and higher sales of DBS antenna products,
partially offset by lower sales of remote sensing satellite earth stations.

Remote sensing is currently an especially difficult market with fewer contracts
being awarded and increased competition for the remaining business, as several
service providers have suffered launch failures and delays.
Datron has responded
by cutting costs at this business segment; however, softness in the remote
sensing market is expected to continue for at least two more quarters, which is
likely to result in reduced performance for Datron during the first half of
fiscal 2002.

    
The gross profit percentage on Antenna and Imaging Systems' sales was 25.2%
in fiscal 2001 compared with 28.2% in fiscal 2000 and 29.0% in fiscal 1999.
The
decrease in fiscal 2001 from fiscal

2000 was primarily due to a less favorable product mix and lower unit sales
prices.
The decrease in fiscal 2000 from fiscal 1999 was primarily due to a less
favorable product mix in the fourth quarter and lower unit sales prices for DBS
products resulting from new competition.

    
The operating income percentage on sales of Antenna and Imaging Systems'
products was 9.3% in fiscal 2001 compared with 6.9% in fiscal 2000 and 8.0% in
fiscal 1999.
The increase in fiscal 2001 from fiscal 2000 was primarily due to
the gain on sale of the microwave products line, partially offset by lower gross
profits and higher administrative expenses.
The decrease in fiscal 2000 from
fiscal 1999 was primarily due to lower gross profits and higher new product
development expenses, partially offset by lower selling expenses.

                             
COMMUNICATION PRODUCTS
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

                                                     FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                 ------------------------------------
                                                   2001          2000          1999
                                                 --------      --------      
--------

Net sales......................................  $25,332       $22,131       $20,000
                                                 =======       =======       =======
Percent of consolidated net sales..............       41%           36%           34%
Gross profit...................................  $ 8,611       $ 7,832       $ 7,445
Operating expenses before corporate expenses...    
6,218         6,031         6,308
                                                 -------       -------       
-------
Operating income...............................  $ 2,393       $ 1,801       $ 1,137
                                                 =======       =======       =======
Percent of consolidated operating income before
  corporate expenses...........................       
41%           39%           27%
                                                 =======       =======       =======

    Sales of Communication Products increased $3,201,000, or 14%, in fiscal 2001
compared with fiscal 2000 sales.
The increase was due to higher order bookings
of traditional radio products.
Sales of radio products to two Asian customers
accounted for $9,060,000 and $7,389,000, or collectively 65%, of this segment's
fiscal 2001 sales.
Sales of Communication Products increased $2,131,000, or 11%,
in fiscal 2000 compared with fiscal 1999 sales.
The increase was due to higher
order bookings in fiscal 2000, approximately half of which were received in the
fourth quarter.
Sales of radio products to an African customer accounted for
$9,657,000, or 44%, of this segment's fiscal 2000 sales.
One customer will often
account for a large percentage of this segment's annual sales, but it is unusual
to have large sales from the same customer in successive years.
International
customers accounted for 96%, 89% and 93% of this segment's sales in fiscal 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively.
Orders from this international customer base are
subject to economic and political instability and often are delayed.

Additionally, in fiscal 2002 Datron will enter the federal PSWN market with its
new Guardian-TM- radio.
This is a new domestic market for Datron and market
acceptance of the Guardian radio is uncertain.
Datron's performance in fiscal
2002 will depend, in part, on successfully obtaining new international orders
and market acceptance of the Guardian radio.

    
The gross profit percentage on Communication Products' sales was 34.0% in
fiscal 2001 compared with 35.4% in fiscal 2000 and 37.2% in fiscal 1999.
The
decrease in fiscal 2001 from fiscal 2000 was primarily due to a less favorable
product mix.
The decrease in fiscal 2000 from fiscal 1999 was primarily due to
higher labor costs.

    
The operating income percentage on sales of Communication Products was 9.4%
in fiscal 2001 compared with 8.1% of sales in fiscal 2000 and 5.7% of sales in
fiscal 1999.
The increase in fiscal 2001 compared with fiscal 2000 was primarily
due to lower selling, administrative and R&D expenses as a percentage of sales,
partially offset by lower gross margins.
The increase in fiscal 2000 compared
with fiscal 1999 was primarily due to lower selling and administrative expenses
as a percentage of sales, partially offset by lower gross margins.


CONSOLIDATED EXPENSES

    Selling, general and administrative expenses were $12,567,000 in fiscal 2001
compared with $12,100,000 in fiscal 2000 and $12,610,000 in fiscal 1999.
Fiscal
2001 SG&A expenses increased 4% from fiscal 2000 SG&A expenses primarily due to
higher administrative expenses at the Antenna and Imaging Systems business
segment and at the corporate office.
Fiscal 2000 SG&A expenses decreased 4% from
fiscal 1999 SG&A expenses primarily due to lower selling expenses at both
business segments, partially offset by higher administrative expenses at the
Antenna and Imaging Systems business segment and higher expenses at the
corporate office.

    
Research and development expenses were $3,993,000 in fiscal 2001 compared
with $3,960,000 in fiscal 2000 and $3,269,000 in fiscal 1999.
Fiscal 2001 R&D
expenses increased slightly over fiscal 2000 expenses as higher spending on
development programs for new radio products was offset by lower spending on
development programs to improve mobile DBS products.
Fiscal 2000 R&D expenses
increased 21% over fiscal 1999 expenses primarily due to higher spending on
development programs to improve mobile DBS products and to improve core tracking
antenna technologies.

    
Interest expense was $212,000 in fiscal 2001 compared with $217,000 in
fiscal 2000 and $326,000 in fiscal 1999.
The fiscal 2001 and 2000 interest
amounts represented payments on long-term debt.
There were no borrowings against
Datron's revolving line of credit during those two fiscal years.
The 33%
decrease in interest expense in fiscal 2000 compared with fiscal 1999 was due to
the absence of borrowings against Datron's revolving line of credit in fiscal
2000.
See note 5 to the notes to Datron's consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Interest income in fiscal 2001 was
$405,000 compared with $194,000 in fiscal 2000 and $231,000 in fiscal 1999.
The
109% increase in fiscal 2001 was the result of higher average cash balances.

Fiscal 2001 and 2000 interest income resulted from short term investments of
excess cash.
Fiscal 1999 interest income included collection of interest on a
past due account and income from short term investments of excess cash.

    
Other income in fiscal 2000 of $1,129,000 was primarily due to the payment
received for licensing the manufacturing rights to Datron's DBS-2100 antenna for
business jets.

    
The effective income tax provision rates for fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999 were
32.9%, 38.9% and 39.9%, respectively.
The provision rate in fiscal 2001 was
lower than the rate in fiscal 2000 primarily because of a larger R&D tax credit
in fiscal 2001.
The provision rate in fiscal 2000 was lower than the rate in
fiscal 1999 primarily due to the ability to use the R&D tax credit in fiscal
2000.

    
The following table sets forth order backlog at March 31, 2001 and 2000.

                                                     
ORDER BACKLOG AT MARCH 31,
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                         2001           2000
                                                     ------------   ------------

Antenna and Imaging Systems........................  $14,249,000    $24,293,000
Communication Products.............................    1,784,000      1,702,000
                                                     -----------    -----------
Total..............................................  $16,033,000    $25,995,000
                                                     ===========    ===========

    The 41% decrease in Antenna and Imaging Systems' backlog at March 31, 2001
compared with March 31, 2000 was primarily due to continued softness in the
markets for antenna systems and remote sensing earth stations and to the absence
of microwave product orders due to the sale of that product line in the third
quarter of fiscal 2001.
As mentioned above, Datron has responded by cutting
costs at this business segment; however, because of the low beginning backlog
and softness in the remote sensing market that is expected to continue for at
least two more quarters, Datron expects reduced performance in the first half of
fiscal 2002.

    
Communication Products' backlog at March 31, 2001 was 5% higher than at
March 31, 2000 due to a stronger market for traditional radio products, which
resulted in an 18% increase in bookings

during fiscal 2001 compared with fiscal 2000.
This segment's business has
historically been driven by one or two large contracts each fiscal year.
As a
result, financial performance from quarter-to-quarter is often uneven.
Because
of a relatively low order backlog at March 31, 2001 compared with recent fiscal
year sales, fiscal 2002 financial performance in this segment is expected to be
driven by second half results, much as has been the case the previous two fiscal
years.
Also, the second half may be heavily influenced by market acceptance of
the new Guardian radio for the federal PSWN market.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    At March 31, 2001, working capital was $27,278,000 compared with $23,929,000
at March 31, 2000, an increase of $3,349,000 or 14%.
Significant changes
affecting working capital during fiscal 2001 were as follows: accounts
receivable increased $6,994,000 due to strong fourth quarter sales; gain on sale
of product line was $2,801,000; accounts payable and accrued expenses decreased
$964,000 primarily due to lower commission accruals; and customer advances
increased $521,000.
Datron had cash at March 31, 2001 of $8,380,000 compared
with $12,183,000 at March 31, 2000, a decrease of 31%.
At March 31, 2001, Datron
had no borrowings against its revolving line of credit.

    
Capital expenditures were $1,266,000 in fiscal 2001, a 2% decrease compared
with fiscal 2000 capital expenditures of $1,289,000.
Capital expenditures in
fiscal 2002 are expected to be higher than fiscal 2001 expenditures due to
anticipated tooling requirements for new products.

    
At March 31, 2001, Datron had a $13,000,000 revolving line of credit with
its bank.
The line may be used for the issuance of letters of credit and for
direct working capital advances, of which $2,000,000 is restricted to working
capital and letters of credit required to finance non-military international
business.
That portion of the line of credit expired on April 1, 2001.
The
remaining $11,000,000 facility expires on April 1, 2002.
In May 2001, Datron
entered into a $15,000,000 revolving line of credit with a new bank, replacing
the line of credit described above.
The line of credit may be used for the
issuance of standby letters of credit up to $15,000,000 and working capital
advances up to $5,000,000 provided total credit extended does not exceed
$15,000,000.
The line of credit expires on August 2, 2002 and is not subject to
a borrowing base formula.
Datron believes its existing working capital,
anticipated future cash flows from operations and available credit with its bank
are sufficient to finance presently planned capital and working capital
requirements.

    
Datron has never paid a cash dividend on its common stock and does not
anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future.
Inflation and changing prices
have not had a significant impact on Datron's historical operations.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

    Datron does not currently use derivative financial instruments for
speculative purposes that expose Datron to market risk.
Datron is exposed to
cash flow and fair value risk due to changes in interest rates with respect to
its long-term debt.
At March 31, 2001, Datron had outstanding a promissory note
to a life insurance company in the amount of $3,080,000 pursuant to a loan
agreement under which Datron borrowed $3,300,000 on August 7, 1998.
The note is
secured by a deed of trust on Datron's Simi Valley facility and has a maturity
date of September 1, 2008.
Monthly payments are calculated on a 20-year
amortization.
Interest is payable at a rate of 6.76% per annum through
September 1, 2003, at which date the interest rate becomes variable and tied to
LIBOR, adjusting every quarter for the remainder of the term.
On September 1,
2003, Datron may either prepay the note without penalty or accept the variable
rate provisions as determined at that time.

           
SECURITY OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF DATRON

    The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 21, 2001,
unless otherwise noted in the footnotes, with respect to the beneficial
ownership of Datron's common stock by (1) all persons known by Datron to be the
beneficial owners of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock of Datron,
(2) each director of Datron, (3) the chief executive officer and the four other
most highly compensated executive officers of Datron for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2001, whose salary and incentive compensation for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2001 exceeded $100,000, and (4) all executive officers and
directors of Datron as a group:

                                                               SHARES OF
NAME/ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER(1)                           COMMON STOCK   % OF CLASS
- -----------------------------------                           ------------   ----------

Acquisitor plc .............................................    411,400         14.97%
  190 The Strand
  London WC2R 1JN
  England(2)

J. B. Greenwell ............................................    
264,780          9.63%
  318 South Maple
  Carroll, Iowa 51401

Dimensional Fund Advisors ..................................    219,004          7.97%
  1299 Ocean Avenue
  11th Floor
  Santa Monica, California 90401(3)

David A. Derby(4)...........................................    109,157          3.97%

William L. Stephan(4).......................................     59,148          2.15%

Kent P. Ainsworth(4)........................................     17,825             *

Richard W. Flatow(4)........................................        800             *

Don M. Lyle(4)..............................................      6,975             *

William A. Preston(4).......................................     13,425             *

Robert D. Sherer(4).........................................     12,425             *

All directors and executive officers as a group
  (7 persons)...............................................    219,755             *

- ------------------------

 *  Less than one percent.

(1) Information with respect to beneficial ownership is based upon information
    furnished by each stockholder or contained in filings made with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission.


(2) Information provided is based on Schedule 13D/A filed n May 21, 2001 by
    Acquistor plc ("Acquisitor"), American Opportunity Trust plc ("American
    Trust"), Christopher Harwood Bernard Mills ("Mills"), Duncan Soukup, Glen
    Lindman, J.O. Hambro Capital Management (Holdings) Limited ("Holdings"),
    J.O. Hambro Capital Management Limited ("Capital Management"), James Ozanne
    and Peter Melhado.
Includes 380,700 shares of common stock beneficially
    owned by Acquisitor plc and 30,700 shares of common stock beneficially owned
    by Holdings.
Each of Acquisitor and Messrs. Soukup, Ozanne and Melhado may
    be deemed to beneficially own, and have shared power to vote or dispose of,
    the 380,700 shares of common stock of Datron owned by Acquisitor.
None of
    Acquisitor or Messrs. Soukup, Ozanne or Melhado has the sole power to vote
    or dispose of any shares of common stock of Datron.
Capital Management is a
    subsidiary of

    Holdings.
American Trust is a publicly held investment trust company.
Mills
    and Capital Management serve as co-investment advisor to American Trust.
    
Mills is a director of Acquisitor.


(3) Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. ("Dimensional"), an investment advisor
    registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940,
    furnishes investment advice to four investment companies registered under
    the Investment Company Act of 1940, and serves as investment manager to
    certain other investment vehicles, including commingled group trusts.
(These
    investment companies and investment vehicles are the "Portfolios.")
In its
    role as investment advisor and investment manager, Dimensional possesses
    both voting and investment power over 219,004 shares of Datron common stock
    as of March 31, 2001.
The Portfolios own all securities reported in this
    statement, and Dimensional disclaims beneficial ownership of such
    securities.


(4) Includes 44,799, 53,300, 12,425, 2,475, 12,425 and 12,425 shares obtainable
    upon the exercise of stock options, exercisable within 60 days after June
    21, 2001, held by Messrs. Derby, Stephan, Ainsworth, Lyle, Preston and
    Sherer, respectively.

             
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

    Titan's proposed acquisition of Datron will be accounted for as a purchase.

Titan has presented below unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data
that reflects the proposed acquisition of Datron and is intended to give you a
better picture of what the businesses of Titan and Datron might have looked like
if the merger between the two companies had occurred on January 1, 2000, the
first day of the first period for which financial information is presented.
The
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations combine the Titan
consolidated statement of operations data for the year ended December 31, 2000
and for the three months ended March 31, 2001 with the Datron consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended March 31, 2001 and for the three
months ended March 31, 2001, respectively, to reflect the proposed acquisition
of Datron by Titan.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have
occurred had the proposed acquisition been consummated at the beginning of the
periods presented or the results that may be attained in the future.

    
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet has been prepared
as of March 31, 2001, giving effect to the acquisition of Datron by Titan as
though it had been consummated on that date.

             
THE TITAN CORPORATION AND DATRON SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                            PRO FORMA
                                                                           ADJUSTMENTS   PRO FORMA
                                                     TITAN       DATRON     (NOTE 2)      COMBINED
                                                   ----------   --------   -----------   ----------

Revenues.........................................  $1,033,213   $62,262       $  --      $1,095,475
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenues...............................     757,266    44,352          --         801,618
  Selling, general and administrative expense....     208,956    12,567         128(d)      221,651
  Research and development expense...............      12,261     3,993          --          16,254
  Acquisition related charges and other..........      39,358        --          --          39,358
  Gain on sale of product line...................          --    (2,801)         --          (2,801)
                                                   
----------   -------       
-----      ----------
    Total costs and expenses.....................   1,017,841    58,111         128       1,076,080

Operating profit.................................      15,372     4,151          --          19,395

Interest expense.................................     (39,592)     (212)         --         (39,804)
Interest income..................................       
3,582       405          --           3,987
Other income.....................................          --        64          --              64
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  income taxes and minority interests............     (20,638)    4,408        (128)        (16,358)
Income tax provision (benefit)...................      
(3,985)    1,451          --          (2,534)
                                                   ----------   
-------       -----      ----------
Income from continuing operations before minority
  interests and extraordinary loss...............     (16,653)    2,957        (128)        (13,824)
Minority interests...............................       4,131        --          --           4,131
                                                   ----------   -------       
-----      ----------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  extraordinary loss.............................  $  (12,522)  $ 2,957       $(128)     $   (9,693)
                                                   ==========   =======       =====      ==========
Basic earnings per share:........................
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  extraordinary loss(1)..........................  
$    (0.31)  $  1.08       $  --      $    (0.25)
                                                   ==========   =======       =====      ==========
Weighted average shares..........................      
52,717     2,735        (547)(f)      54,905
                                                   ==========   =======       =====      ==========
Diluted earnings per share:......................
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  extraordinary loss(1)..........................  
$    (0.32)  $  1.06       $  --      $    (0.25)
                                                   ==========   =======       =====      ==========
Weighted average shares..........................      
52,717     2,792        (558)(f)      54,951
                                                   ==========   =======       =====      ==========

- ------------------------

Note(1): Calculation of Pro Forma Combined earnings per share includes dividend
         requirements on preferred stock of $692.

   
See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.

             
THE TITAN CORPORATION AND DATRON SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                   FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                             PRO FORMA
                                                                            ADJUSTMENTS   PRO FORMA
                                                       TITAN      DATRON     (NOTE 2)     COMBINED
                                                      --------   
--------   -----------   ---------

Revenues............................................  $260,113   $21,222        $ --      $281,335
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenues..................................   
190,277    14,843          --       205,120
  Selling, general and administrative expense.......   101,972     3,482          32(d)    105,486
  Research and development expense..................     4,259       777          --         5,036
  Acquisition and integration related charges and
    other...........................................    32,174        --          --        32,174
                                                      --------   -------        
----      --------
    Total costs and expenses........................   
328,682    19,102          32       347,816

Operating profit (loss).............................   (68,569)    2,120          --       (66,481)

Interest expense....................................   (10,673)      (53)         --       (10,726)
Interest income.....................................       366       104          --           470
Other income........................................        --         7          --             7

Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  income taxes and minority interests...............   (78,876)    2,178         (32)      (76,730)
Income tax provision (benefit)......................    (6,783)      636          --        (6,147)

Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  minority interests................................   (72,093)    1,542         (32)      (70,583)
Minority interests..................................    12,222        --          --        12,222
                                                      --------   -------        ----      --------
Income (loss) from continuing operations............  $(59,871)  $ 1,542        $(32)     $(58,361)
                                                      ========   =======        ====      ========
Basic earnings per share:
  Income (loss) from continuing operations(2).......  $  (1.29)  $  0.56        $ --      $  (1.22)
                                                      ========   =======        ====      ========
  Weighted average shares...........................    53,377     2,746        (549)(f)    55,574
                                                      ========   =======        ====      ========
Diluted earnings per share:
  Income (loss) from continuing operations(2).......  $  (1.29)  $  0.55        $ --      $  (1.21)
                                                      ========   =======        ====      ========
  Weighted average shares...........................    53,377     2,793        (559)(f)    55,611
                                                      ========   =======        ====      ========

- ------------------------

Note(2): Calculation of Pro Forma Combined earnings per share includes dividend
         requirements on preferred stock of $172.

   
See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.

             
THE TITAN CORPORATION AND DATRON SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                              AS OF MARCH 31, 2001
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                   PRO FORMA
                                                                                  ADJUSTMENTS
                                                            TITAN       DATRON     (NOTE 2)        PRO FORMA
                                                          ----------   --------   -----------      ----------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.............................  $   89,047   $ 8,380     $     --        $   97,427
  Investments...........................................       3,632        --           --             3,632
  Accounts receivable--net..............................     360,180    19,652           --           379,832
  Inventories...........................................      29,394    11,495           --            40,889
  Prepaid expenses and other............................      40,532       493           --            41,025
  Deferred income taxes.................................      28,888     2,426           --            31,314
                                                          ----------   
-------     --------        
----------
    Total current assets................................     
551,673    42,446           --           594,119
Property and equipment--net.............................      95,694     9,004           --           104,698
Goodwill--net...........................................     363,324     5,032       14,193 (a)       382,549
Other assets............................................      
51,752       787        3,548 (a)        56,087
Net assets of discontinued operations...................         
429        --           --               429
                                                          ----------   -------     --------        ----------
Total assets............................................  
$1,062,872   $57,269     $ 17,741        $1,137,882
                                                          ==========   =======     ========        ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Amounts outstanding under line of credit..............  $    3,125   $    --     $     --        $    3,125
  Accounts payable......................................      67,028     4,835           --            71,863
  Acquisition debt......................................       
2,200        --           --             2,200
  Current portion of long-term debt.....................         873        96           --               969
  Income taxes payable..................................          --     1,554           --             1,554
  Accrued compensation and benefits.....................      56,007        --           --            56,007
  Other accrued liabilities.............................     
102,843     8,683        4,000 (b)       115,526
  Net liabilities of discontinued operations............         530        --           --               530
                                                          ----------   -------     --------        ----------
    Total current liabilities...........................     232,606    15,168        4,000           251,774
                                                          ----------   -------     --------        ----------
Amounts outstanding under line of credit................     334,375        --           --           334,375
Long-term debt..........................................       1,338     2,984           --             4,322
Other non-current liabilities...........................      38,192     1,631           --            39,823
Company obligated mandatory redeemable preferred
  securities of a subsidiary trust whose sole assets are
  senior subordinated debentures of Titan...............     250,000        --           --           250,000
Minority interests......................................       6,062        --           --             6,062
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock
    Cumulative convertible..............................         690        --           --               690
    Series A junior participating.......................          --        --           --                --
  Common stock..........................................         542        31           (5)(c)           568
  Capital in excess of par value........................     270,860    11,114       40,470 (c)       322,444
  Deferred compensation.................................     
(52,498)       --         (383)(d)       (52,881)
  Retained earnings (deficit)...........................     
(17,978)   28,417      (28,417)(c)       (17,978)
  
Accumulated other comprehensive income................         122        --           --               122
  Treasury stock, at cost...............................      (1,439)   (2,076)       2,076 (c)        (1,439)
                                                          ----------   -------     --------        ----------
    Total stockholders' equity..........................     200,299    37,486       13,741           251,526
                                                          ----------   -------     --------        ----------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity..............  $1,062,872   $57,269     $ 17,741        $1,137,882
                                                          ==========   =======     ========        ==========

   See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.

             
THE TITAN CORPORATION AND DATRON SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE INFORMATION)

NOTE 1.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION

    
The accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations combine the consolidated statements of operations of Titan for the
year ended December 31, 2000 and for the three months ended March 31, 2001 with
the consolidated statements of operations of Datron for the year ended
March 31, 2001 and for the three months ended March 31, 2001, respectively, to
reflect the proposed acquisition of Datron by Titan.

    
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations assume
the proposed acquisition was consummated at the beginning of the periods
presented.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
are not necessarily indicative of results that would have occurred had the
proposed acquisition been consummated at the beginning of the periods presented
or the results that may be attained in the future.

    
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet has been prepared
as of March 31, 2001, giving effect to the acquisition of Datron by Titan as
though it had been consummated on that date.

    
Certain information normally included in financial statements prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles has been condensed or
omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
The pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements of Titan
and the historical consolidated financial statements of Datron.


NOTE 2.  
PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

    (a) Record allocation of excess of Titan's purchase price over the fair
       value of the assets acquired, to goodwill and other intangibles.
Upon
       completion of the proposed transaction, an independent valuation will be
       performed to determine the purchase price allocation based upon the fair
       value of the assets and liabilities acquired.

    (b) Record estimated other accrued liabilities arising as a result of the
       transaction as follows:

Employment termination agreements for Datron employees......   $2,400
Direct transaction costs to consummate acquisition including
  investment banking, legal, printing and accounting fees...    1,600
                                                               ------
                                                               $4,000
                                                               ======

    (c)
Issue 2,561,000 shares, assuming 2,749,000 Datron shares outstanding and
       453,000 Datron stock options outstanding, assuming a $16 price per share
       paid for Datron shares and a ten-day average Titan stock price of $20,
       equivalent to an .80000 exchange ratio of Titan shares paid for each
       Datron share outstanding.
Eliminate Datron common stock, capital in
       excess of par value, retained earnings and treasury stock as of
       March 31, 2001.

    
(d) Record deferred compensation of $383 for all unvested Datron stock
       options based on the difference between the fair value on the date of
       consummation of the acquisition and the exercise price of the unvested
       Datron stock options, after giving effect to the exchange ratio described
       in Note (c) above.
Amortization of deferred compensation of $128 and $32
       has been reflected in the pro forma condensed combined statements of
       operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the three months
       ended March 31, 2001, respectively.

    (f) Reflect the net change to the combined shares outstanding after
       calculating the number of shares to be issued by Titan in the transaction
       less the Datron shares currently outstanding, using the price and
       exchange assumptions described in Note (c) above.

                       
DESCRIPTION OF TITAN CAPITAL STOCK

    The following description of Titan's capital stock does not constitute a
complete description of all the terms of Titan's capital stock and should be
read in conjunction with Titan's certificate of incorporation and bylaws which
have been filed by Titan with the SEC and are incorporated herein by reference.

    
Titan's authorized capital stock as of June 30, 2001 consisted of:

    - 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of which
      53,747,792 shares were issued and outstanding; and

    - 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share, of which
      1,068,102 shares have been designated as $1.00 cumulative convertible
      preferred stock, of which 689,978 shares were issued and outstanding, and
      1,000,000 shares have been designated as series A junior participating
      preferred stock, none of which is issued and outstanding.

    
Titan has reserved for issuance under its 1990, 1994 and 1997 Stock Option
Plans, its 1996 Directors' Stock Option and Equity Participation Plan, and its
2000 Employee and Director Stock Option and Incentive Plan a total of 7,125,000
shares of Titan common stock, of which 4,632,841 shares were covered by
outstanding options as of June 30, 2001.
Titan also has 1,000,000 shares of its
common stock reserved for issuance under Titan's Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
of which 460,024 shares were issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2001, and
2,000,000 shares of Titan common stock reserved for issuance under its Employee
Stock Purchase Plan and its 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, of which 837,365
shares were issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2001.

    
In addition, Titan recently filed a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission to register 8,048,685 shares of Titan common
stock that Titan may issue to the public, which amount includes the
underwriters' overallotment option.
Titan stockholders also included 576,315
shares of Titan common stock on this registration statement that those
stockholders may sell to the public.
To the extent that Titan issues the shares
of Titan common stock referred to above, your fully diluted equity interest in
Titan, based on the number of shares of Titan common stock you receive in
exchange for your Datron common shares pursuant to the exchange offer and the
merger, will be proportionately reduced.

    
The following summary describes the material terms of Titan's capital stock
and stockholder rights plan.
The description of capital stock and stockholder
rights plan is qualified by reference to Titan's certificate of incorporation,
as amended, bylaws and stockholder rights plan.


COMMON STOCK

    DIVIDENDS.  
Subject to the right of the holders of any class of preferred
stock, holders of shares of Titan common stock are entitled to receive dividends
that may be declared by Titan's board of directors out of legally available
funds.
No dividend may be declared or paid in cash or property on any share of
any class of common stock unless simultaneously the same dividend is declared or
paid on each share of that and every other class of common stock; provided,
that, in the event of stock dividends, holders of a specific class of common
stock shall be entitled to receive only additional shares of that class.

    
VOTING RIGHTS.  
The holders of Titan common stock are entitled to one vote
for each share held and do not have cumulative voting rights.

    
LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.  
Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the
holders of Titan common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets
available for distribution after payment in full to creditors and holders of
Titan preferred stock, if any.

    OTHER PROVISIONS.  
The holders of Titan common stock are not entitled to
preemptive or similar rights.


PREFERRED STOCK

    Titan is currently authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value $1.00 per share, of which 1,068,102 shares have been previously issued
as $1.00 cumulative convertible preferred stock, of which 689,978 shares were
issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2001, and 1,000,000 shares have been
designated as series A junior participating preferred stock, none of which is
issued and outstanding.
Titan's board of directors, in its sole discretion, may
designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock from Titan's
authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock.
Subject to limitations
imposed by law or Titan's amended and restated articles of incorporation, the
board of directors is empowered to determine:

    - the designation of and the number of shares constituting a series of
      preferred stock;

    - the dividend rate, if any, for the series;

    - the terms and conditions of any voting and conversion rights for the
      series, if any;

    - the number of directors, if any, which the series shall be entitled to
      elect;

    - the amounts payable on the series upon Titan's liquidation, dissolution or
      winding-up;

    - the redemption prices and terms applicable to the series, if any; and

    - the preferences and relative rights among the series of preferred stock.


These rights, preferences, privileges and limitations of preferred stock could
adversely affect the rights of holders of Titan common stock.


CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

    DIVIDENDS.  
Each share of cumulative convertible preferred stock accrues
dividends at the rate of $1.00 per share per annum.

    
VOTING RIGHTS.  
The holders of Titan's cumulative convertible preferred
stock are entitled to one-third of one vote for each share held and do not have
cumulative voting rights.

    
LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.  
Upon Titan's liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,
the holders of Titan's cumulative convertible preferred stock are entitled to a
liquidation preference of $20 per share plus any unpaid cumulative dividends
before any distribution to holders of Titan common stock.

    
CONVERSION RIGHTS.  
Each outstanding share of cumulative convertible
preferred stock is convertible into Titan common stock, at the option of the
holder, at a rate of two-thirds shares of common stock for each share of
cumulative convertible preferred stock.

    REDEMPTION.  
Each share of cumulative convertible preferred stock is
redeemable, but only at Titan's option, at a redemption price of $20 per share
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends.

    
OTHER PROVISIONS.  
The holders of Titan's cumulative convertible preferred
stock are not entitled to preemptive or similar rights.


CONVERTIBLE TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES

    In February 2000, Titan Capital Trust, Titan's wholly-owned subsidiary,
issued 5,000,000 convertible preferred securities (Remarketable Term Income
Deferrable Equity Securities, or HIGH TIDES(sm)) at $50 per security.
The
provisions of the HIGH TIDES issued by the trust are as follows:

    DISTRIBUTIONS.  
The HIGH TIDES accrue distributions of 5 3/4% per annum,
payable quarterly in arrears.
Titan may defer payment of the distributions for
up to 20 consecutive quarters so long as no event of default with respect to the
HIGH TIDES has occurred and is continuing.
The trust's ability to pay
distributions on the HIGH TIDES is solely dependent on its receipt of interest
payments from Titan under debentures Titan issued to the trust in consideration
of its distribution to Titan of the

proceeds of its issuance of the HIGH TIDES.
The 5 3/4% per annum rate may change
on the reset date described below.

    REMARKETING.  
Approximately 5 years after issuance of the HIGH TIDES, a
remarketing agent will attempt to establish an annual distribution rate,
conversion price and redemption features for the HIGH TIDES that are consistent
with a price per HIGH TIDES equal to 101% of its liquidation preference and that
are also most favorable to Titan.
The remarketing of the HIGH TIDES will become
effective on the reset date, which is any date (1) not later than February 15,
2005, or, if the day is not a business day, the next succeeding day, and
(2) not earlier than 70 business days prior to February 15, 2005, as may be
determined by the remarketing agent in its sole discretion.
On or after the
reset date, the applicable per annum distribution rate will be the term rate
established by the remarketing agent based on the outcome of the remarketing.

    
CONVERSION RIGHTS.  
Each HIGH TIDES is convertible into 1.0076 shares of
Titan common stock.
On or after the reset date, the conversion rights of the
HIGH TIDES shall be those established in the remarketing.

    
REDEMPTION RIGHTS.  
The HIGH TIDES are redeemable by Titan at its option in
whole or in part beginning on February 20, 2003 at $50.72 per HIGH TIDE, which
redemption price declines to $50.00 per HIGH TIDE beginning February 20, 2004
and continues in effect until the remarketing is effected, after which date the
redemption features for the HIGH TIDES are those established in the remarketing.

    
VOTING RIGHTS.  
Holders of HIGH TIDES are not entitled to voting rights,
unless Titan defaults under the debentures Titan issued to the trust or Titan's
guarantee of the trust's obligations to distribute available funds held by the
trust to satisfy obligations under the HIGH TIDES, in which case the holders of
HIGH TIDES are entitled, by majority vote, to appoint an additional trustee of
the trust or remove other trustees.

    
LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.  
If the trust is liquidated and the debentures Titan
issued to the trust are not distributed to the holders of HIGH TIDES, the
holders are entitled to receive, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors
of the trust as required by applicable law, $50 per HIGH TIDE plus accrued and
unpaid distributions.


PREFERRED SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS

    Each outstanding share of Titan common stock has or will have attached to it
one preferred share purchase right, which Titan refers to as a right.
Each right
entitles the registered holder of Titan common stock to purchase from Titan,
upon the occurrence of specified events, one one-hundredth of a share of Titan's
series A junior participating preferred stock, which Titan refers to as the
participating preferred shares, at a price of $42 per one one-hundredth of a
participating preferred share, subject to adjustment.
The terms of the rights
are set forth in a rights agreement dated as of August 21, 1995, between Titan
and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as rights agent.

    
Until the distribution date described below, Titan will not issue separate
certificates evidencing the rights.
Until that date, the rights will be
evidenced, with respect to any common stock certificate, by that common stock
certificate.
The rights will detach from the common stock and a distribution
date will occur upon the earlier of the following dates:

    - subject to the exceptions described below, the tenth day following a
      public announcement that an "acquiring person," which, subject to the
      exceptions listed in the following sentence, includes a person or "group"
      of affiliated or associated persons, has acquired, or obtained the right
      to acquire, beneficial ownership of 15% or more of Titan's outstanding
      common stock, or

    - the tenth day following the commencement, or the first public announcement
      by any person or group of an intention to commence, a tender offer or
      exchange offer that would result in beneficial ownership by a person or
      group of 15% or more of Titan's outstanding common stock.

    
Titan's board of directors, with the concurrence of a majority of the
continuing directors, may postpone the distribution date by determining a later
distribution date before the time any person or group becomes an acquiring
person.
Any board member who is not an acquiring person or an affiliate or
associate of an acquiring person, or an employee, director, representative,
nominee or designee of an acquiring person, or its affiliate or associate, but
who:

    - was a member of Titan's board of directors before any person becomes an
      acquiring person, or

    - became a member of Titan's board of directors after any person becomes an
      acquiring person if the member was nominated for election or elected to
      Titan's board of directors upon the recommendation or approval of a
      majority of the continuing directors, is considered to be a continuing
      director of Titan.

    
The term "acquiring person" does not include Titan, any of its subsidiaries,
any of Titan's or its subsidiaries' employee benefit plans or any entity holding
Titan common stock for or under any of Titan's or its subsidiaries' employee
benefit plans.
In addition, a person who would otherwise be an acquiring person
will not be considered an acquiring person if Titan's board of directors
determines in good faith that such person inadvertently became the beneficial
owner of 15% or more of Titan common stock and such person divests itself, as
promptly as practicable, of beneficial ownership of a sufficient number of
shares of Titan common stock so that it would no longer otherwise qualify as an
acquiring person.

    
The rights agreement provides that, until the distribution date, or earlier
redemption or expiration of the rights, the rights will be transferred only with
Titan common stock.
The rights will be evidenced, with respect to any common
stock certificate outstanding as of September 7, 1995, by that common stock
certificate with a summary of the rights attached to it.
Until the distribution
date, or earlier redemption or expiration of the rights, new common stock
certificates issued after September 7, 1995, upon transfer or new issuances of
common stock will contain a notation incorporating the rights agreement by
reference.
Until the distribution date, the surrender for transfer of any
certificates for common stock, even without a summary of the rights attached to
it, also will constitute the transfer of the rights associated with the common
stock represented by that certificate.
As soon as practicable after the
distribution date, separate certificates evidencing the rights will be mailed to
holders of record of Titan common stock as of the close of business on the
distribution date, and the separate right certificates alone will evidence the
rights.
Only Titan common stock issued before the distribution date will be
issued with rights.

    
The rights are not exercisable until the distribution date.
The rights will
expire on August 17, 2005, unless the expiration date is extended or unless the
rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged by Titan, in each case as described
below.

    
The purchase price payable for the participating preferred shares, and the
number of participating preferred shares or other securities or property
issuable, upon exercise of the rights, as well as the number of rights
outstanding, are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution in
the following circumstances:

    - in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or
      reclassification of the participating preferred shares,

    - upon the grant to holders of the participating preferred shares of rights
      or warrants to subscribe for or purchase participating preferred shares at
      a price, or securities convertible into participating preferred shares
      with a conversion price, less than the current market price of the
      participating preferred shares, or

    - upon the distribution to holders of the participating preferred shares of
      evidences of indebtedness, securities or assets, excluding regular
      periodic cash dividends at a rate not in excess of 125% of the last cash
      dividend paid or, in the case that regular cash dividends have not been
      paid, at a rate not in excess of 50% of the average net income per share
      of the four quarters ended immediately before the payment of the dividend,
      or dividends payable in participating preferred shares or of subscription
      rights or warrants, other than those referred to above.

    
The number of outstanding rights and the number of one one-hundredths of a
participating preferred share issuable upon exercise of each right are also
subject to adjustment in the event of a dividend or other distribution on the
common stock payable in common stock or subdivisions, consolidations or
combinations of Titan common stock occurring, in any of those cases, before the
distribution date.

    
Participating preferred shares purchasable upon exercise of the rights will
not be redeemable.
Each participating preferred share will be entitled to a
minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of $1.00 per share, but will be
entitled to an aggregate dividend of 100 times the dividend declared per share
of Titan common stock.
If there is a liquidation, the holders of the
participating preferred shares will be entitled to a minimum preferential
liquidation payment of $100 per share, but will be entitled to an aggregate
payment of 100 times the payment made per share of Titan common stock.
Each
participating preferred share will have 100 votes, voting together with Titan
common stock.
If there is a merger, consolidation or other transaction in which
Titan common stock is exchanged, each participating preferred share will be
entitled to receive 100 times the amount received per share of Titan common
stock.
These rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.

    
Because of the nature of the dividend, liquidation and voting rights of the
participating preferred shares, the value of the one one-hundredth interest in a
participating preferred share purchasable upon exercise of each right should
approximate the value of one share of Titan common stock.

    
If any person or group becomes an acquiring person, except pursuant to
specified cash offers for all outstanding shares of Titan common stock approved
by Titan's board of directors, or if Titan is the surviving corporation in a
merger with an acquiring person or any affiliate or associate of an acquiring
person and Titan common stock is not changed or exchanged, proper provision will
be made so that each holder of a right, other than rights beneficially owned by
the acquiring person, which will become null and void, will have the right to
receive upon exercise of the right at the then-current market price, instead of
participating preferred shares, that number of shares of Titan common stock
having a market value of two times the exercise price of the right.
If Titan
does not have sufficient common stock issued but not outstanding, or authorized
but unissued, to permit the exercise in full of the rights, Titan will be
required to take all action necessary to authorize additional common stock for
issuance upon exercise of the rights.
If, after a good-faith effort, Titan is
unable to take all necessary action, Titan will substitute, for each share of
common stock that would otherwise be issuable upon exercise of a right, a number
of participating preferred shares, or fractional participating preferred shares,
with the same market value as that share of common stock.

    
If, after a person or group has become an acquiring person, Titan is
acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50% or more of
Titan's consolidated assets or earning power are sold, proper provision will be
made so that each holder of a right, other than rights beneficially owned by the
acquiring person, which will become null and void, will have the right to
receive, upon the exercise of the right at its then-current exercise price and
instead of participating preferred shares, that number of shares of common stock
of the acquiring company, or its parent, which at the time of the transaction
will have a market value of two times the exercise price of the right.

    
The exercise price of a right at any date will be equal to the purchase
price at that date multiplied by the number of one one-hundredths of a
participating preferred share for which a right is exercisable at that date.

    
At any time after any person or group becomes an acquiring person and before
the acquisition by that person or group of 50% or more of Titan's outstanding
common stock, Titan's board of directors may exchange the rights, in whole or in
part, for a number of shares of Titan common stock, per right, having an
aggregate value equal to the excess of the value of the shares of Titan common
stock issuable upon exercise of a right after a person or group becomes an
acquiring person over the purchase price, subject to adjustment.
Titan's board
of directors will not exchange the rights owned by the acquiring person or
group, which will have become null and void.

    
With specified exceptions, no adjustments in the purchase price for the
preferred shares will be required until cumulative adjustments require an
adjustment of at least 1% of that purchase price.
No fractional participating
preferred shares will be issued, other than fractions which are integral
multiples of one one-hundredth of a participating preferred share, which may, at
Titan's election, be evidenced by depositary receipts.
Instead of issuing
fractional participating preferred shares, Titan will make an adjustment in cash
based on the market price of the participating preferred shares on the last
trading day before the date of exercise.

    
Upon approval by Titan's board of directors, Titan may redeem the rights, in
whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01 per right at any time until 10 days
following the public announcement that a person or group has become an acquiring
person.
Titan's board of directors, with the concurrence of a majority of the
continuing directors, may extend the period during which the rights are
redeemable beyond the 10 days following the public announcement that a person or
group has become an acquiring person.

    
Under circumstances described in the rights agreement, the decision to
redeem will require the concurrence of a majority of the continuing directors.

Immediately upon the determination of Titan's board of directors to redeem the
rights, Titan will make an announcement of the redemption.
Upon the redemption,
the right to exercise the rights will terminate and the only right of right
holders will be to receive the redemption price.

    
Until a right is exercised, the holder of the right, in the capacity of a
holder, will have no rights as a stockholder of Titan, including, without
limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.
Although the distribution
of the rights will not be taxable to stockholders or to Titan, stockholders may,
depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the
rights become exercisable for Titan common stock or other consideration, or for
common stock of the acquiring company or its parent as set forth above.

    
Any of the provisions of the rights agreement may be amended or supplemented
by Titan's board of directors before the distribution date.
From and after the
distribution date, Titan and the rights agent may amend or supplement the rights
agreement from time to time without the approval of any holders of rights:

    - to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any defective or
      inconsistent provisions,

    - to shorten or lengthen any time period under the rights agreement relating
      to when the rights may be redeemed, so long as, under specified
      circumstances, a majority of the continuing directors approve the
      shortening or lengthening, or

    - to make any other provisions with respect to the rights which Titan and
      the rights agent may deem necessary or desirable.

    
Notwithstanding this right to amend or supplement, from and after the
distribution date, the rights agreement may not be amended in any manner which
would adversely affect the interest of the holders of rights.


SECTION 203 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

    Titan is subject to section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
which, with specified exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging
in any "business combination" with any

"interested stockholder" for a period of three years following the time that the
stockholder became an interested stockholder unless:

    - before that time, the board of directors of the corporation approved
      either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the
      stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

    - upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
      becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
      least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time
      the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
      number of shares outstanding those shares owned by persons who are
      directors and also officers and by employee stock plans in which employee
      participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether
      shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange
      offer; or

    - at or after that time, the business combination is approved by the board
      of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
      stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at
      least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the
      interested stockholder.

    
Section 203 defines "business combination" to include the following:

    - any merger or consolidation of the corporation with the interested
      stockholder;

    - any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition
      of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested
      stockholder;

    - subject to specified exceptions, any transaction that results in the
      issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to
      the interested stockholder;

    - any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of
      increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of
      the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or

    - any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans,
      advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or
      through the corporation.

    
In general, section 203 defines an "interested stockholder" as any entity or
person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation or any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled
by that entity or person.


TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

    American Stock Transfer and Trust Company is the transfer agent and
registrar for Titan common stock.

        
COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF TITAN STOCKHOLDERS AND DATRON STOCKHOLDERS

    Datron is a Delaware corporation and a public company, and your rights as a
Datron stockholder are governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law and
Datron's certificate of incorporation, certificate of designation of Series A
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, certificate of designation of
Series RP Preferred Stock and amended and restated bylaws.
Following the merger,
Datron stockholders will be common stockholders of Titan, which is a Delaware
corporation and a public company.
Your rights as a Titan stockholder will
continue to be governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law, but also will
be governed by Titan's certificate of incorporation, bylaws and stockholder
rights agreement, which is referred to as the rights agreement.
For more
information on Titan's organizational documents, see "DESCRIPTION OF TITAN
CAPITAL STOCK.
"

    Significant differences, which Titan and Datron believe are all the material
differences, between the rights of Titan stockholders and Datron stockholders
are summarized below.
This summary is not an exhaustive list or detailed
description of the provisions discussed and is qualified in its entirety by
Titan's certificate of incorporation, bylaws and rights agreement, and Datron's
certificate of incorporation, certificate of designation of Series A
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, certificate of designation of
Series RP Preferred Stock and amended and restated bylaws, each of which you
should review carefully.
Copies of these documents may be obtained as described
under "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.
"

AUTHORIZED SHARES OF CAPITAL STOCK; DIVIDEND RIGHTS; OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

    TITAN.  
Titan's authorized capital stock currently consists of 200,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share.
Under Titan's certificate of
incorporation, Titan's board of directors currently has the authority, without
further action by Titan stockholders, to issue up to 2,931,898 authorized shares
of Titan preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the voting powers,
designations, preferences and the relative participating, optional or other
special rights and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each series,
including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of
redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any
series.
Of the authorized shares of Titan preferred stock, Titan's board of
directors has designated 1,000,000 shares as series A junior participating
preferred stock and 1,068,102 shares as $1.00 cumulative convertible preferred
stock.
For additional information on Titan's capital stock, see "DESCRIPTION OF
TITAN CAPITAL STOCK.
"

    During the time that any series of Titan preferred stock is outstanding, if
the terms of the series so provide, no dividends may be declared or paid by
Titan's board of directors on Titan common stock, unless dividends on all
outstanding shares of the relevant class or series of Titan preferred stock for
the current and all past dividend periods have been declared and paid or
provision made for the payment of those dividends.

    DATRON.  
Datron's authorized capital stock consists of 10,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $.01 per share, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value $.01 per share, of which 100,000 shares are designated as Series A
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock and 10,000 shares are designated as
Series RP Preferred Stock.
No shares of Datron preferred stock are issued and
outstanding.
Under Datron's certificate of incorporation, Datron's board of
directors currently has the authority, without further action by Datron
stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or
more series.
Datron's board is authorized to determine and alter the rights,
preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly
unissued series of shares of Preferred Stock and to increase or decrease the
number of shares of any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that
series.


VOTING RIGHTS

    TITAN.  
Subject to the voting rights of holders of any then outstanding
Titan preferred stock, each share of Titan common stock is entitled to one vote
on each matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders of Titan.
Shares of Titan
common stock are not entitled to any cumulative voting rights.

    
Each holder of Titan's $1.00 cumulative convertible preferred stock is
entitled to one-third vote per share of such stock.
Holders of the common stock
and the $1.00 cumulative convertible preferred stock generally vote as a single
class.

    DATRON.  
Each share of Datron common stock is entitled to one vote on each
matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders of Datron.
Shares of Datron
common stock are not entitled to any cumulative voting rights.


PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

    TITAN.  
Titan common stock has no preemptive rights enabling a holder to
subscribe for or receive shares of any class of stock of Titan or any other
securities convertible into shares of any class of stock of Titan under Titan's
certificate of incorporation.

    DATRON.  
Datron common stock has no preemptive rights enabling a holder to
subscribe to or receive shares of any class of stock of Datron or any other
security convertible into shares of any class of stock of Datron under Datron's
certificate of incorporation.


BUSINESS COMBINATIONS; SUPERMAJORITY VOTING REQUIREMENTS

    Titan and Datron are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, which, with specified exceptions, prohibits a Delaware
corporation from engaging in any "business combination" with any "interested
stockholder" for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder
became an interested stockholder unless:

    - before that time, the board of directors of the corporation approved
      either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the
      stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

    - upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
      becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
      least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time
      the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
      number of shares outstanding those shares owned by persons who are
      directors and also officers and by employee stock plans in which employee
      participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether
      shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange
      offer; or

    - at or after that time, the business combination is approved by the board
      of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
      stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at
      least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the
      interested stockholder.

    
Section 203 defines "business combination" to include the following:

    - any merger or consolidation of the corporation with the interested
      stockholder;

    - any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition
      of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested
      stockholder;

    - subject to specified exceptions, any transaction that results in the
      issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to
      the interested stockholder;

    - any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of
      increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of
      the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or

    - any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans,
      advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or
      through the corporation.

    