URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1044324/000095014401504378/0000950144-01-504378.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     During the week of January 9, 2001, a representative of KSA CA, Duck Head's
financial advisor, contacted William W. Compton, our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, expressing a general interest in a possible business
combination between us and Duck Head.

     
On February 3, 2001, Mr. Compton contacted William V. Roberti, Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President of Duck Head, by phone about a potential
transaction whereby we would acquire Duck Head.
Mr. Compton and Mr. Roberti
agreed to meet the week of February 12th in Las Vegas at the M.A.G.I.C. trade
show.

     
Mr. Compton and Mr. Roberti met at M.A.G.I.C. on February 13, 2001 and
discussed further our potential interest in acquiring Duck Head.

     
On March 1, 2001, Mr. Roberti and a representative of KSA CA called Mr.
Compton, to assess our interest in acquiring Duck Head.

     
On March 16, we entered into a confidentiality agreement with KSA CA, on
behalf of Duck Head.
In addition to traditional terms, the confidentiality
agreement provides that we would not acquire any securities of Duck Head,
initiate any form of business combination or other acquisition transaction
involving Duck Head or solicit the employment of certain Duck Head employees
without the consent of Duck Head for a period of one year from the date of the
agreement.

     
Following the execution of the confidentiality agreement, on March 16,
2001, KSA CA, on behalf of Duck Head, sent us a confidential informational
memorandum describing Duck Head's business, assets, personnel, historical and
forecast results of operations, financial condition and other information
pertaining to Duck Head.

     
Between March 16 and April 26, Mr. Compton and Mr. Roberti continued
general discussions of a potential business combination between us and Duck
Head.

     
On April 26, Michael Kagan, our Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, Todd Bement, our Director of Business Analysis, and Cory
Pugh, our Director of Organizational Development, met with K. Scott Grassmyer,
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Duck
Head, Mr. Roberti and a representative of KSA CA, at Duck Head's headquarters in
Winder, Georgia to continue our due diligence investigation of Duck Head.
In
connection with this meeting, our representatives were provided various
business, legal and financial information and documentation relating to Duck
Head.

     
On April 27, Messrs. Compton, Kagan, Pugh and Bement, and Gregory L.
Williams, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, met with members of
Duck Head's management, including Mr. Roberti, Mr. Grassmyer and Michael H.
Prendergast, Senior Vice President of Sales, and representatives of KSA CA, to
continue our due diligence investigation.
At this meeting, the representatives
of Duck Head presented a review of Duck Head including information

about accounting and financial matters, information technology matters, product
and distribution capabilities and strategies and customer relationships.

     
On April 30, Mr. Compton confirmed in a telephone conversation with a
representative of KSA CA our continuing interest in pursuing an acquisition of
Duck Head.

     
On May 2, N. Larry McPherson, our Executive Vice President -- Finance and
Treasurer, and Radhames Fernandez, our Senior Vice President -- 807 Sourcing,
inspected Duck Head's production facilities in San Jose, Costa Rica and met with
the management of the facilities and discussed the operations of the facilities.

     
During the period of May 8 through May 28, discussions continued between
Messrs. Compton, Kagan and Williams and representatives of Duck Head regarding
the status of our interest in acquiring Duck Head.

     
On May 30, Messrs. Compton, Kagan, Williams, Pugh and Bement, together with
a representative of A2 Partners, LLC, our financial advisor, met at Duck Head's
headquarters with Messrs. Roberti, Grassmyer and Prendergast and representatives
of KSA CA to continue our due diligence investigation.
At this meeting, we
provided Duck Head with a request for financial information necessary for us to
confirm our interest in making an offer to acquire Duck Head.
The parties also
discussed the general structure and terms of a possible transaction.
George M.
Hanley, Duck Head's retail consultant, was also present at the meeting.

     
On June 1, representatives of A2 Partners and KSA CA met to discuss our
interest in the acquisition of Duck Head and the general structure and terms of
a possible transaction.

     
On June 4 and June 5, Mr. Compton and Mr. Roberti both attended a
conference sponsored by an apparel industry trade publication.
On June 4, Mr.
Roberti and Mr. Compton met in Tampa, Florida and traveled together to the
conference.
Among other unrelated matters, Mr. Roberti and Mr. Compton discussed
a possible offer by us to acquire Duck Head, including the terms and conditions
of the proposed acquisition.
Mr. Roberti indicated that he would review our
preliminary indication of interest with the investment bank oversight committee
of Duck Head's board of directors.

     
On June 15, Messrs. Compton, Kagan, Pugh and Bement, together with a
representative of A2 Partners, met with Mr. Roberti of Duck Head, and
representatives of KSA CA at our headquarters in Tampa, Florida to discuss terms
and conditions of a possible offer by us to acquire Duck Head.
After discussing
certain due diligence issues and alternative transaction structures, Mr. Compton
proposed a transaction whereby we would acquire all of the outstanding common
stock of Duck Head pursuant to a cash tender offer and subsequent merger at
$4.75 per share.
Mr. Roberti asked that we confirm our proposal in writing to
Duck Head for submission to Duck Head's board.

     
Our board of directors held a special telephonic meeting on June 20, to
discuss the contemplated proposal to acquire Duck Head.
Messrs. Compton, Kagan
and Williams presented the rationale for the proposed acquisition.
Also
participating in the meeting were representatives of Alston & Bird LLP, our
legal counsel, and A2 Partners.
Our board authorized management to negotiate and
submit a merger agreement to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of Duck
Head for a cash purchase price of $4.75 per share, subject to satisfactory
completion of our due diligence investigation, approval of the lenders under our
revolving credit facility, execution by the directors of Duck Head of tender and
option agreements and other customary terms and conditions.
On June 20, Alston &
Bird, on our behalf, submitted to Duck Head a proposed merger agreement.

     
On June 21, Alston & Bird, on our behalf, provided to Wyche, Burgess,
Freeman & Parham, P.A., Duck Head's legal counsel, on behalf of the directors of
Duck Head a draft form of tender and option agreement.
The tender and option
agreements generally provide that each director would tender all of his shares
in the offer, vote his shares in favor of the merger with us and against any
competing proposal, grant us and Messrs. Compton and Kagan a proxy to vote his
shares in favor of the merger and against any competing proposal, not transfer
his shares without our consent and grant us an option to acquire his shares at
$4.75 per share.

     
From June 22 through June 26, Mr. Kagan and certain other of our
representatives participated in several telephone conversations with Mr. Roberti
and representatives of Duck Head relating to various terms and conditions of the
proposed merger agreement and transaction.

     
On June 22, representatives of A2 Partners and KSA CA had a telephone
conference to discuss the terms and conditions set forth in the proposed merger
agreement.

     
On June 24, Duck Head's legal counsel provided to us and Alston & Bird
revised drafts of the merger agreement and the tender and option agreement that
reflected the comments of Duck Head.

     
On June 25 and June 26, representatives of Alston & Bird and A2 Partners
had telephone discussions with Mr. Roberti, Mr. Grassmyer and representatives of
Duck Head's counsel and KSA CA to resolve the remaining open issues concerning
the proposed merger agreement, including conditions to the closing of the offer,
provisions relating to the termination of the merger agreement and the instances
in which Duck Head would be required to pay us termination fees or transaction
expenses.

     
As of June 26, we and Duck Head executed the definitive merger agreement.

Also, as of June 26, 2001, we and each of the directors of Duck Head executed
the tender and option agreements.

     
On June 27, prior to the opening of the American Stock Exchange, we and
Duck Head issued a joint press release regarding the offer and the merger, which
is filed as an exhibit to our Schedule TO dated June 27, 2001.


PURPOSE AND STRUCTURE OF THE OFFER

     The purpose of the offer is to acquire control of Duck Head.
The purpose of
the merger is to acquire all outstanding shares of Duck Head common stock not
tendered and purchased pursuant to the offer.
If the offer is successful, we
intend to consummate the merger as soon as practicable.
In connection with the
merger, shares of Duck Head common stock will be canceled in exchange for the
offer price (subject to applicable appraisal rights under Georgia law) and, as a
result, such shares will be delisted from the American Stock Exchange.

     
Depending upon the number of shares purchased by us pursuant to the offer
or otherwise, Duck Head's board may be required to submit the merger agreement
to Duck Head's shareholders for approval at a shareholders' meeting convened for
that purpose in accordance with Georgia law.
If shareholder approval is
required, the merger agreement must be approved by a majority of the outstanding
shares at a meeting at which a quorum is present.

     
If the Minimum Condition is satisfied, we will have sufficient voting power
to approve the merger agreement at the shareholders' meeting without the
affirmative vote of any other shareholder.
If we acquire at least 90% of the
then-outstanding shares pursuant to the offer or otherwise, the merger may be
consummated without a shareholder meeting and without the approval of Duck
Head's shareholders pursuant to Section 14-2-1104 of the Georgia Business
Corporation Code.

     
Under Georgia law, holders of shares do not have appraisal rights in the
offer but will have appraisal rights in the merger.

PLANS FOR DUCK HEAD

     Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, we currently intend,
promptly after consummation of the offer, to exercise our right under the merger
agreement to designate a number of directors for election or nomination to Duck
Head's board of directors in proportion to our share ownership.
We also
currently intend, as soon as practicable after consummation of the offer, to
consummate the merger.

     
After consummation of the offer and the merger, we expect to integrate the
Duck Head brand into our operations.
We intend to continue Duck Head's pending
efforts to sell its headquarters and distribution center in Winder, Georgia.

Upon consummation of the offer, we expect to cease all of Duck Head's operations
of the Winder facility.
We expect to integrate selected management and operating
personnel of Duck Head into our existing operations and terminate the employment
of all other Duck Head personnel at Winder.
In addition, we expect to analyze
Duck Head's production capacity in Costa Rica and determine whether to maintain
such capacity or consolidate its activities into our existing network of
contract manufacturers.
We also expect to analyze each of Duck Head's retail
stores and determine whether to maintain or close each store on a case-by-case
basis.
In addition, we expect to enter into an employment agreement with William
V. Roberti on mutually acceptable terms pursuant to which Mr. Roberti will
become one of our senior executive officers.
We are considering the employment
of K. Scott Grassmyer (Duck Head's Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer) and/or Michael H. Prendergast (Duck Head's
Senior Vice President of Sales) in various capacities after consummation of the
offer.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement
on Schedule TO filed by us under the Exchange Act.
The summary is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement.

  
The Offer

     The merger agreement provides for commencement of the offer within 10
business days after the public announcement of the execution of the merger
agreement.
Our obligation to accept for payment shares tendered in the offer is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Minimum Condition and other
conditions that are described in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."
We may
generally waive any condition to the offer or change any of the terms or
conditions of the offer.
However, without Duck Head's prior written consent, we
may not change or waive the Minimum Condition, change the form of consideration
to be paid, decrease the price per share or the number of shares sought in the
offer, extend the offer (except as described under "The Offer --
Terms of the
Offer") or modify, in any manner adverse to the holders of shares, or impose
conditions to the offer in addition to those set forth in "The
Offer -- Conditions to the Offer.
"

  Board Representation

     The merger agreement provides that upon the acceptance for payment pursuant
to the offer of a number of shares that satisfies the minimum condition, we will
be entitled to designate up to the number of directors, rounded up to the next
whole number, on Duck Head's board as will give us representation proportionate
to the percentage of the total number of outstanding shares that we beneficially
own.
To this end, Duck Head will take all necessary action to cause our
designees to be elected or appointed to Duck Head's board, including increasing
the number of directors or securing resignations of some of its incumbent
directors.
At such time, Duck Head will also, upon our request, use its best
efforts to cause our designees to have the same percentage representation on
each committee of Duck Head's board and each board of directors of each
subsidiary of Duck Head (and each committee thereof).

     
If our designees are elected or appointed to Duck Head's board, Duck Head's
board must continue to include at least two members who were directors as of the
date of the merger agreement and are not employees of Duck Head, until the
effective time of the merger.
Following the election or appointment of our
designees to Duck Head's board, the approval of a majority of the directors of
Duck Head then in office who are not our designees or employees of Duck Head
will be required to authorize any consent required by Duck Head for termination
of the merger agreement by the mutual consent of the parties, any amendment of
the merger agreement requiring action by Duck Head's board, certain consents of
Duck Head required by the merger agreement, any extension of time for
performance of any obligation of us or HB Acquisition under, or waiver of
compliance with or amendment of, the merger agreement by Duck Head and any
amendment of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Duck Head.

  
The Merger

     The merger agreement provides that after the satisfaction or waiver of each
of the conditions to the merger, HB Acquisition will be merged into Duck Head
with Duck Head becoming our wholly owned subsidiary.
If after consummation of
the offer, we directly or indirectly own at least 90% of the outstanding shares,
then the merger will be consummated without a meeting of Duck Head's
shareholders in accordance with Section 14-2-1104 of the Georgia Business
Corporation Code.
If the offer has been consummated but we do not directly or
indirectly own at least 90% of the outstanding shares, Duck Head will hold a
special shareholders meeting for the purpose of voting upon the approval of the
merger agreement.
At any such special meeting, all shares then beneficially
owned by us will be voted in favor of approval of the merger agreement.

     
Pursuant to the merger agreement, each share outstanding immediately prior
to the effective time of the merger (other than shares that are held by
shareholders, if any, who properly perfect their appraisal rights) will be
converted in the merger into the right to receive the offer price.
Shareholders
who perfect their appraisal rights will be entitled to receive from Duck Head,
as the surviving corporation in the merger, the value of their shares in cash as
determined pursuant to Sections 14-2-1301 through 14-2-1332 of the Georgia
Business Corporation Code.
See "The Offer -- Appraisal Rights.
"

  Treatment of Stock Options

     In the merger, each option to purchase shares held by any current or former
employee or director (including incentive stock awards), whether or not
exercisable, will be cancelled, and, at the effective time of the merger, we
will pay each holder of any option with a per share exercise price of less than
the offer price an amount equal to the difference between the offer price and
the per share exercise price, minus any applicable withholding tax.
To the
extent the per share exercise price of a stock option equals or exceeds the
offer price, at the effective time of the merger such stock option will be
cancelled, and the holder of such stock option will not be entitled to receive
any consideration.
All of Duck Head's option plans will be terminated as of the
effective time of the merger.

  
Representations and Warranties

     Duck Head has made customary representations and warranties to us in the
merger agreement, including representations relating to the following:

     - corporate organization, existence, power and authority;

     - non-contravention and non-breach as a result of the merger agreement;

     - governmental authorizations;

     - capitalization;

     - subsidiaries;

     - SEC filings and financial statements;

     - absence of undisclosed liabilities;

     - absence of adverse changes;

     - taxes;

     - title to and condition of assets;

     - intellectual property;

     - environmental matters;

     - compliance with laws;

     - labor relations and employee benefits;

     - material contracts;

     - litigation;

     - reports filed with regulatory authorities;

     - tender offer and proxy disclosure documents;

     - anti-takeover statutes;

     - charter provisions;

     - inapplicability of shareholder rights agreement;

     - receipt of opinion of financial advisor;

     - board recommendation;

     - privacy of customer information; and

     - tender and option agreements.

     
Pursuant to the merger agreement, we have also made customary
representations and warranties to Duck Head, including representations relating
to the following:

     - corporate organization, existence, power and authority;

     - non-contravention and non-breach as a result of the merger agreement;

     - government authorizations;

     - SEC filings;

     - tender offer and proxy disclosure documents; and

     - corporate organization, existence, power and authority of HB Acquisition.

  
Conduct of Duck Head's Business

     Prior to the earliest of the election or appointment to the board of
directors of Duck Head of our designees, the effective time of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement, unless we consent in writing otherwise,
Duck Head and its subsidiaries must operate their businesses in the usual,
regular and ordinary course, preserve intact their business organizations and
assets and maintain their rights and franchises and not take any action which
would adversely affect the ability of any party to obtain any consents required
for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement without the imposition
of a condition or restriction of the type which in the reasonable judgment of
our board would have caused us not to enter into the merger agreement had we
known it, or adversely affect the ability of any party to perform its covenants
and agreements under the merger agreement.
In addition, unless we consent in
writing otherwise, Duck Head has agreed not to take and to cause its
subsidiaries not to take any of the following additional actions during the same
period:

     - amend its organizational documents;

     - incur additional indebtedness;

     - permit its assets to become subject to any encumbrance;

     - redeem or repurchase its capital stock;

     - declare or pay dividends;

     - issue, sell, pledge, encumber or authorize the issuance of, or agree to
       issue, sell, pledge or encumber, additional shares of capital stock or
       rights to acquire capital stock or stock appreciation rights or amend the
       terms of any existing equity securities, except pursuant to the exercise
       of stock options under Duck Head's stock option plans;

     - make changes in its capital structure;

     - sell, lease, mortgage, dispose of or encumber any of Duck Head's assets
       other than in the ordinary course of business for reasonable
       consideration;

     - make material acquisitions or dispositions;

     - increase compensation or benefits, pay severance or termination pay or
       bonuses or accelerate or amend any stock options or restricted stock;

     - adopt, amend or terminate any employee benefit or compensation plans or
       enter into or amend any employment contract between Duck Head or any of
       its subsidiaries and any person;

     - change significantly any of its tax or accounting methods or systems;

     - commence any litigation or settle any litigation for material money
       damages or restrictions upon the operations of such person; or

     - enter into, amend, terminate or waive any material rights or claims under
       any material contracts.

  
Duck Head's Board Recommendation

     Duck Head's board has unanimously approved the merger agreement and
unanimously agreed to recommend that its shareholders tender their shares in our
offer and, if required, vote to adopt and approve the merger.
However, in order
to comply with its fiduciary duties to shareholders under applicable Georgia
law, Duck Head's board may, after July 26, 2001 (or earlier if we have waived
the due diligence condition to our performance), in limited circumstances,
withdraw or change this recommendation, and approve or recommend a proposal by a
third party to acquire Duck Head.
In order to do so, first, the proposal to
acquire Duck Head must be a "Superior Proposal," which means that:

     - the proposal must involve the acquisition of the entire equity interest
       in, or all or substantially all of the assets and liabilities of, Duck
       Head and its subsidiaries;

     - Duck Head's board must determine in good faith that the proposal, if
       accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated on a timely basis,
       taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of
       the proposal and the person or group making the proposal;

     - Duck Head's board must determine in good faith, after consultation with
       its financial advisors, that the proposal would result in a transaction
       more favorable to Duck Head's shareholders than the offer and the merger;
       and

     - the person or group making the proposal is, in the good faith judgment of
       Duck Head's board, after consultation with its financial advisors,
       reasonably able to finance the transaction contemplated by the proposal.

     
Second, Duck Head must have complied with the terms of the "No
Solicitation" covenant described below.
Third, Duck Head must provide us with
notice of such proposal within two business days of its receipt by Duck Head.

Fourth, Duck Head must give us two business days to make adjustments to the
terms and conditions of our offer.
Fifth, Duck Head must provide us with at
least two business days prior written notice of a meeting at which Duck Head's
board is reasonably expected to recommend such a proposal to its shareholders.

Sixth, Duck Head's board must conclude in good faith, after consultation with
its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would result in
a breach of its fiduciary duties to Duck Head's shareholders under Georgia law.

  
Solicitation Prohibitions

     In the merger agreement, Duck Head agreed to immediately cease any and all
existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any and all parties
conducted prior to June 26, 2001 with respect to any "Acquisition Proposal"
(other than the selling efforts with respect to Duck Head's Winder, Georgia
facility), which means any offer or proposal by a third party to acquire 5% or
more of the outstanding securities or assets of Duck Head, whether by
acquisition, purchase, merger, consolidation, business combination, or similar
transaction involving Duck Head or any of its subsidiaries, the assets of which
are 10% or more of the consolidated assets of Duck Head.

     
As a general rule, Duck Head agreed that neither Duck Head nor any of its
subsidiaries will (and that Duck Head would cause its officers, directors,
affiliates and any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant,
consultant or other representative or agent retained by Duck Head, not to) take
any of the following actions:

     - solicit, initiate, encourage or induce the making, submission or
       announcement of any Acquisition Proposal;

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to
       any person or group any non-public information with respect to, or take
       any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
       proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
       Acquisition Proposal;

     - approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

     - enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition
       agreement or other similar agreement relating to any Acquisition
       Proposal.

     
However, in order for Duck Head's board to comply with its fiduciary duties
to shareholders under applicable Georgia law, after July 26, 2001 (or earlier if
we have waived the due diligence condition to our performance) until the closing
of the offer (which will be at least a five business day period), Duck Head is
not prohibited from furnishing nonpublic information regarding Duck Head or any
of its subsidiaries to, or entering into a confidentiality agreement or
discussions or negotiations with, any person or group in response to a bona fide
unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal submitted by such person or group (and
not withdrawn) so long as:

     - neither Duck Head nor any of its subsidiaries nor any representative or
       affiliate of Duck Head has violated any of the non-solicitation
       restrictions set forth in the merger agreement;

     - Duck Head's board determines in good faith, after consultation with its
       financial advisors, that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior
       Proposal;

     - Duck Head's board concludes in good faith, after consultation with and
       the receipt of advice from its outside legal counsel, that the failure to
       take such action would result in a breach of its fiduciary duties to Duck
       Head's shareholders under applicable Georgia law;

     - at least two business days prior to furnishing any nonpublic information
       to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, the person or
       group making the Acquisition Proposal, Duck Head gives us written notice
       of the identity of such person or group and of Duck Head's intention to
       furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions or
       negotiations with, such person or group;

     - Duck Head has received or receives from such person or group an executed
       confidentiality agreement containing terms no less favorable to the
       disclosing party than the terms of the confidentiality agreement, dated
       as of March 16, 2001, between KSA CA, on behalf of Duck Head, and us; and

     - contemporaneously with furnishing any nonpublic information to such
       person or group, Duck Head furnishes such nonpublic information to us (to
       the extent such nonpublic information has not been previously furnished
       to us).

     
In addition, Duck Head must advise us as promptly as practicable, but no
more than one business day, after any request is received by Duck Head for any
nonpublic information which Duck Head reasonably believes could lead to an
Acquisition Proposal or after any Acquisition Proposal is received by Duck Head,
of the identity of the person or group making the request or the Acquisition
Proposal and the material terms and conditions of any such request or
Acquisition Proposal.

  
Director and Officer Liability

     We have agreed to cause Duck Head to indemnify, upon consummation of the
merger and to the fullest extent permitted by Georgia law, Duck Head's and its
subsidiaries' present and former directors, officers, employees and agents in
respect of any liability arising from such person's service for Duck Head or any
of Duck Head's subsidiaries that occurred at or before the effective time of the
merger.
In addition, we have agreed to cause Duck Head to use its reasonable
efforts to maintain in effect the current or similar directors' and officers'
liability insurance maintained by Duck Head on the date of the merger agreement
for a period of three years after the effective time of the merger with respect
to facts or circumstances that occurred before the effective time, so long as
Duck Head can maintain such insurance annually for no more than 150% of the
current annual premium.
If Duck Head cannot maintain such insurance annually for
no more than 150% of the current annual premium, we will cause it to use its
reasonable efforts to maintain or obtain the most advantageous of directors' and
officers' liability insurance as can be so maintained or obtained for 150% of
the current annual premium.
We have also agreed that for a period of six years
after the effective time of the merger the indemnification provisions of the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of Duck Head will be no less favorable than
the indemnification provisions contained in Duck Head's current articles and
bylaws.

  
Conditions to the Merger

     Consummation of the merger is subject to the following conditions:

     - we will have acquired shares of Duck Head common stock pursuant to the
       offer;

     - if required, Duck Head's shareholders will have approved and adopted the
       merger agreement;

     - no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction will have
       taken any action (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that
       prohibits, restricts or makes illegal consummation of the merger; and

     - all consents of, filings and registrations with, and notifications to,
       all regulatory authorities required for consummation of the merger will
       have been obtained, and no consent will be conditioned or restricted in a
       manner which, in the reasonable judgment of our board of directors would
       so materially adversely affect the economic or business assumptions of
       the merger that had our board known of such condition or restriction, it
       would not have, in its reasonable judgment entered into the merger
       agreement.

  
Termination

     The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned at
any time prior to the effective time in any of the following circumstances:

     - By mutual written agreement between Duck Head and us.

     - If, before consummation of the offer, we or Duck Head has breached in any
       material respect any of our respective representations, warranties,
       covenants or other agreements contained in the merger agreement, which
       breach or failure to perform is incapable of being cured or has not been
       cured within 30 days following written notice to the other party.

     -
By either Duck Head or us if consummation of the offer or the merger
       would violate or be restrained, enjoined or prohibited by any law or
       regulation or if any court or regulatory authority has issued a final and
       nonappealable injunction, judgment, order or decree restraining,
       enjoining or prohibiting consummation of the offer or the merger.

     -
By either Duck Head or us if the shareholders of Duck Head fail to vote
       their approval of the merger at a shareholder meeting called for such
       purpose.

     - By either Duck Head or us if the offer has not been consummated by
       November 1, 2001, provided that the terminating party has not breached
       any provision of the merger agreement which results in the failure of the
       offer to be consummated on or before such date and provided that such
       date shall be extended for any period of time that there is a nonfinal
       order or other action restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the closing
       of the offer or the consummation of the merger or the calling or holding
       of a Duck Head shareholders meeting to approve the merger.

     - By us on or before July 26, 2001, if we have not been satisfied in our
       reasonable discretion, exercised in good faith, with the results of our
       due diligence review of information concerning Duck Head and its
       business.

     - By us, if, before consummation of the offer any of the following
       circumstances has occurred:

      -- Duck Head's board has failed to reaffirm, upon our request, or resolved
         not to reaffirm, its approval of the offer, the merger agreement or the
         merger, to the exclusion of another Acquisition Proposal, or shall have
         affirmed, recommended or authorized another Acquisition Proposal;

      -- within 10 days after commencement of any tender or exchange offer other
         than the offer, Duck Head's board fails to recommend against the
         acceptance of such tender or exchange offer or takes no position with
         respect to such offer;

      -- Duck Head's board negotiates or authorizes the conduct of negotiations
         with a third party regarding an Acquisition Proposal other than the
         merger; or

      -- any person or group of persons (other than us) acquires beneficial
         ownership of 15% or more of Duck Head's common stock in addition to any
         shares owned on the date of the merger agreement or any person or group
         becomes the beneficial owner of 25% or more of Duck Head's common
         stock.

     -
By Duck Head, if, before the adoption of the merger agreement by the Duck
       Head shareholders, all of the following circumstances have occurred:

      -- Duck Head's board has withdrawn or modified its recommendation of the
         offer in a manner adverse to us in order to accept a Superior Proposal;

      -- Duck Head's board has determined, after consideration of advice of
         outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such actions as set
         forth in the preceding bullet point would result in a breach of its
         fiduciary duties to Duck Head's shareholders under Georgia law;

      -- Duck Head has negotiated with us regarding any adjustments to the offer
         made in response to the Superior Proposal at least two business days
         prior to such termination; and

      -- prior to or simultaneously with delivery of notice of such termination,
         Duck Head pays us any termination fees and expenses payable pursuant to
         the merger agreement.

     -
By either Duck Head or us, if as a result of the failure of the
       conditions to the offer, the offer will have been terminated without us
       buying any shares of Duck Head common stock; for a discussion of the
       conditions to the offer, see "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" on
       page 30.

  
Termination Fees and Expenses

     Generally, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the offer, the
merger and the merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring such
expenses.
However, Duck Head will be required to pay us a termination fee of 3%
of the total consideration that would have been paid by us or HB Acquisition to
the equity holders of Duck Head, including holders of options, if the offer and
merger were consummated, plus all of our reasonable costs and expenses, provided
that such costs and expenses do not exceed $1,000,000, under any of the
following circumstances:

     - Either we or Duck Head have terminated the merger agreement and the
       following events have occurred:

      -- the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied and, prior to such
         termination, there has been publicly announced and not withdrawn
         another Acquisition Proposal; or

      -- Duck Head has failed to perform and comply in all material respects
         with any of its obligations, agreements or covenants required by the
         merger agreement or we terminate the merger agreement because of such
         failure to perform or comply; and

      -- within 12 months of such termination, Duck Head either consummates an
         Acquisition Proposal to acquire 50% or more of Duck Head's capital
         stock or assets or enters into an agreement with respect to an
         Acquisition Proposal to acquire more than 50% of Duck Head's capital
         stock or assets whether or not such transaction is subsequently
         consummated.

     - We have terminated the merger agreement prior to consummation of the
       offer because any of the following events have occurred:

      -- Duck Head's board has failed to reaffirm, upon our request, or resolved
         not to reaffirm its approval of the offer, the merger agreement or the
         merger, to the exclusion of another Acquisition Proposal, or shall have
         affirmed, recommended or authorized another Acquisition Proposal;

      -- within 10 days after commencement of any tender or exchange offer other
         than the offer, Duck Head's board fails to recommend against the
         acceptance of such tender or exchange offer or takes no position with
         respect to such offer;

      -- Duck Head's board negotiates or authorizes the conduct of negotiations
         with a third party regarding an Acquisition Proposal other than the
         merger; or

      -- any person or group of persons (other than us) acquires beneficial
         ownership of 15% or more of Duck Head's common stock in addition to any
         shares owned on the date of the merger agreement or any person or group
         becomes the beneficial owner of 25% or more of Duck Head's common
         stock.

     - Duck Head has terminated the merger agreement prior to the adoption of
       the merger agreement by the Duck Head shareholders because all of the
       following events have occurred:

      -- Duck Head's board has withdrawn or modified its recommendation of the
         offer in a manner adverse to us in order to accept a Superior Proposal;

      -- Duck Head's board has determined, after consideration of advice of
         outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such actions as set
         forth in the preceding bullet point would result in a breach of its
         fiduciary duties to Duck Head's shareholders under Georgia law;

      -- Duck Head has negotiated with us regarding any adjustments to the offer
         made in response to the Superior Proposal at least two business days
         prior to such termination; and

      -- prior to or simultaneously with delivering notice of such termination,
         Duck Head pays us any termination fees and expenses payable pursuant to
         the merger agreement.

     
- We have terminated the merger agreement prior to the consummation of the
       offer, because of the existence of any of the circumstances under which
       we are not required to close the offer listed in the second, third,
       fifth, sixth, seventh, ninth, tenth, twelfth and thirteenth bullet points
       in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" below within 12 months of such
       termination, Duck Head either consummates a transaction contemplated by
       any Acquisition Proposal to acquire 50% or more of Duck Head's capital
       stock or assets or enters into an agreement with respect to any
       Acquisition Proposal to acquire more than 50% of Duck Head's capital
       stock or assets whether or not such transaction is subsequently
       consummated.

     
Separate from the payment of the termination fee and costs and expenses
discussed above, Duck Head will be required to pay us all of our reasonable
costs and expenses up to $1,000,000, if we terminate the merger agreement on or
before July 26, 2001 because we have not been satisfied in our reasonable
discretion, exercised in good faith, with the results of our due diligence
review of information concerning Duck Head and its business.


THE TENDER AND OPTION AGREEMENTS

     
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the tender and
option agreements, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Schedule TO.

This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of
the tender and option agreements.

     
In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, we entered into
tender and option agreements with each of the directors of Duck Head.

Collectively, these shareholders beneficially own a total of 1,234,891 shares of
Duck Head common stock, representing approximately 38% of the shares on a fully
diluted basis.
In addition, we have been informed that Duck Head expects to
issue approximately 22,700 shares to such persons prior to the merger in
connection with previously existing compensation arrangements for their services
in fiscal 2001 and fiscal 2002.
Each of these shareholders has taken the
following actions with respect to the shares beneficially owned by him:

     - agreed to tender all of the shares of Duck Head common stock he
       beneficially owns in the offer and not withdraw them without our prior
       consent;

     - granted us options to acquire his shares at $4.75 per share;

     - assigned to us all dividends and distributions with respect to his shares
       during the term of the tender and option agreement (we may, at our
       choice, alternatively adjust the exercise price of the option described
       in the preceding clause downward to reflect any such dividends or
       distributions);

     - agreed to vote his shares in favor of the merger, the merger agreement
       and the transactions contemplated therein and against competing
       transactions or actions of Duck Head that would impede the transactions
       contemplated in the merger agreement;

     - agreed to exercise his options immediately upon our request;

     - agreed not to transfer his shares or grant any third party a proxy except
       pursuant to the tender and option agreement; and

     - granted us and certain of our officers irrevocable proxies to vote his
       shares in favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions
       contemplated therein and against any competing transactions.

     
In certain circumstances, the option described in the second bullet point
above will survive termination of the offer or the merger agreement for 90 days.

The tender and option agreement generally will terminate upon either the
effectiveness of the merger or the prior termination of the merger agreement.
In
certain circumstances, however, certain of the provisions of the tender and
option agreements will survive termination of the tender and option agreement
for 270 days.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     No appraisal rights are available in connection with the offer.
However, if
the merger is consummated, shareholders will have certain rights under Article
13 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code to dissent and demand appraisal of,
and to receive payment in cash of the fair value of, their shares.
Such rights
to dissent, if the statutory procedures are met, could lead to a judicial
determination of the fair value of the shares, as of the day prior to the date
on which the shareholders' vote was taken approving the merger or similar
business combination (excluding any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger), required to be paid in cash to
such dissenting holders for their shares.
In addition, such dissenting
shareholders would be entitled to receive payment of a fair rate of interest
from the date of consummation of the merger on the amount determined to be the
fair value of their shares.
In determining the fair value of the shares, the
court is required to take into account all relevant factors.
Accordingly, such
determination could be based upon considerations other than, or in addition to,
the offer price and the market value of the shares, including, among other
things, asset values and earning capacity.
Therefore, the value so determined in
any appraisal proceeding could be the same as, or more or less than, the offer
price or the merger consideration.


EFFECTS OF THE OFFER

     Market for the Shares.  
Our purchase of shares pursuant to the offer will
reduce the number of holders of shares of Duck Head common stock and the number
of shares that might otherwise trade publicly, which could adversely affect the
liquidity and market value of the remaining shares held by shareholders other
than us.
We cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of shares that
might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the
market price for, or marketability of, the shares or whether such reduction
would cause future market prices to be greater or less than the offer price.

     
Stock Listing.  
Shares of Duck Head common stock are listed for trading on
the American Stock Exchange.
Depending upon the number of shares purchased
pursuant to the offer, Duck Head shares may no longer meet the requirements for
continued listing on the American Stock Exchange.
According to the American
Stock Exchange's published guidelines, the American Stock Exchange would
consider delisting Duck Head shares if, among other things:

     - the number of publicly held shares falls below 200,000;

     - the total number of public shareholders is less than 300;

     - the aggregate market value of shares publicly held is less than
       $1,000,000; or

     - the total shareholders' equity was less than $2,000,000 if Duck Head had
       losses in two of the most recent three years or $4,000,000 if it had
       losses in three of the most recent four years.

     
Shares held by officers or directors of Duck Head or their immediate
families, or by any beneficial owner of 10% or more of the shares, ordinarily
will not be considered as being publicly held for the purpose of satisfying
these requirements.
If, as a result of the purchase of shares pursuant to the
offer or otherwise, the shares no longer meet the requirements of the American
Stock Exchange for continued listing and the shares are no longer listed, the
market for shares could be adversely affected.
If the American Stock Exchange
were to delist the Duck Head common stock, it is possible that they would
continue to trade on other securities exchanges or in the over-the-counter
market and that price quotations would be reported by such exchanges or market.

The extent of the public market for the Duck Head common stock and the
availability of such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of
holders of the Duck Head common stock remaining at such time, the interests in
maintaining a market in the Duck Head common stock on the part

of the securities firms, the possible termination of registration of the Duck
Head common stock under the Exchange Act, as described below, and other factors.

     
Margin Regulations.  
The shares are currently "margin securities" under the
Regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, which has
the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit to purchase
other margin securities on the collateral of the shares.
Depending upon factors
similar to those described above regarding the market for the shares and stock
quotations, it is possible that, following the offer, the shares would no longer
constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for
loans made by brokers.

     
Exchange Act Registration.  
The shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act.
Such registration may be terminated upon application of Duck Head
to the SEC if the shares are neither listed on a national securities exchange
nor held by 300 or more holders of record.
Termination of registration of the
shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information
required to be furnished by Duck Head to its shareholders and to the SEC and
would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act no longer applicable to Duck
Head, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act, the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement pursuant to
Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with shareholders' meetings and
the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to shareholders and the
requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to "going
private" transactions.
Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of Duck Head and
persons holding "restricted securities" of Duck Head to dispose of such
securities pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act may be
impaired or eliminated.
If registration of the shares under the Exchange Act
were terminated, the shares would no longer be "margin securities."
We currently
intend to seek to cause Duck Head to terminate the registration of the shares
under the Exchange Act as soon after consummation of the offer as the
requirements for termination of registration are met.

CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER

     As we discuss above under "The Offer -- Terms of the Offer," our offer is
subject to various conditions.
The following is a summary of the conditions to
the offer, which are set forth in Annex I to the merger agreement.
A copy of the
merger agreement is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on
Schedule TO filed by us under the Exchange Act.
The summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement.
We are not
required under the merger agreement to accept for payment or pay for any shares
tendered in the offer if any of the following circumstances exist on the
expiration date:

     - The Minimum Condition has not been satisfied.

     -
Any regulatory authority has taken or threatened any action, or there is
       pending any litigation or other regulatory proceeding that has a
       reasonable probability of success, that would:

      -- make our purchase of all or a substantial number of the shares pursuant
         to the offer illegal, or otherwise restrict our ability to consummate
         the offer or the merger;

      -- result in a delay in or restrict our ability to purchase all or a
         substantial number of the shares pursuant to the offer or to effect the
         merger;

      -- impose limitations on our ability to acquire or hold, transfer or
         dispose of, or effectively to exercise all rights of ownership of, all
         or a substantial number of the shares, including the right to vote the
         shares purchased by us pursuant to the offer on an equal basis with all
         other shares on all matters properly presented to the shareholders of
         Duck Head;

      -- require the divestiture by us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliates
         of any shares, or require us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliates
         to dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of our respective
         businesses, assets or properties or impose any material limitations on
         the ability of any of such entities to conduct their respective
         businesses or own such assets or shares or on our ability or the
         ability of our subsidiaries or affiliates to conduct the business of
         Duck Head and own the assets or shares of Duck Head, in each case taken
         as a whole; or

      -- impose any limitations on our ability or the ability of any of our
         subsidiaries or affiliates effectively to control the business or
         operations of Duck Head or us or any of our respective subsidiaries or
         affiliates.

     - There is any pending litigation or threatened action of any regulatory
       authority challenging the making of the offer, HB Acquisition's
       acquisition of Duck Head shares, the consummation of the merger or any of
       the consequences described in the preceding bullet point that has a
       reasonable probability of success.

     - Either party terminates the merger agreement in accordance with its
       terms.

     - There exist inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of Duck
       Head such that the aggregate effect of such inaccuracies has, or is
       reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on Duck Head and its
       subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or their financial position, business or
       results of operations or the ability of Duck Head to perform its
       obligations under the merger agreement.

     - There exist material inaccuracies in representations and warranties of
       Duck Head relating to Duck Head's capitalization and Duck Head's action
       regarding state takeover laws, its charter provisions and its "poison
       pill" rights agreement.

     
- Duck Head has failed to perform in any material respect, or to comply in
       any material respect with, taken as a whole, any agreement or covenant of
       Duck Head to be performed or complied with by it under the merger
       agreement and such breach or failure has not or cannot be cured prior to
       the expiration date.

     - Duck Head's board of directors (or any of its committees) has taken or
       approved any of the following actions:

      -- withdrawn, or modified or changed in a manner adverse to us, its
         approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or the offer; or

      -- recommended, endorsed or approved an Acquisition Proposal.

     -
Any consent of, filing and registration with, and notification to, a
       regulatory authority required for consummation of the merger will not
       have been obtained or made, or any such consent is conditioned or
       restricted in a manner which, in the reasonable judgment of our board of
       directors would so materially adversely affect the economic or business
       assumptions of the merger that had our board known of such condition or
       restriction, it would not, in its reasonable judgment, have entered into
       the merger agreement.

     -
Any party shall not have obtained any consent required for consummation
       of the merger (other than Duck Head's shareholder approval) or for the
       preventing of any default under any material contract or permit of such
       party, other than Duck Head's loan and security agreement with Congress
       Financial Corporation (Southern).

     - Duck Head has not delivered to us a certificate to the effect that the
       conditions of the offer have been satisfied, and certified copies of
       resolutions of Duck Head's board evidencing the taking of all necessary
       corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of
       the merger agreement and to consummate the offer.

     
- Duck Head has not delivered to us certifications that Duck Head has not
       been a real property holding company for the last five years and has not
       provided notice of such to the IRS.

     - Duck Head does not have stockholders' equity of at least $21,000,000, as
       reduced for certain liabilities.

     - William V. Roberti has not entered into an employment agreement with us
       on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to us, including the
       termination of his severance protection agreement with Duck Head.

     
The foregoing conditions are for our benefit.
We may, subject to the terms
of the merger agreement, waive any of the conditions (except for the Minimum
Condition) in whole or in part at any time in our sole discretion.


LEGAL MATTERS; REGULATORY APPROVALS

     General.  
We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding relating to the
offer.
Except as described in this section, based on our examination of publicly
available information filed by Duck Head with the SEC and other publicly
available information concerning Duck Head, we are not aware of any governmental
license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to Duck Head's business
that might be adversely affected by our acquisition of shares as contemplated
herein or of any approval or other action by any governmental, administrative or
regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, that would be required for
our acquisition or ownership of shares.
Should any such approval or other action
be required, we currently contemplate that, except as described below under
"State Takeover Statutes," such approval or other action will be sought.
While
we do not currently intend to delay acceptance for payment of shares tendered
pursuant to the offer

pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such
approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained
without substantial conditions or that if such approvals were not obtained or
such other actions were not taken, adverse consequences might not result to Duck
Head's business, or certain parts of Duck Head's business might not have to be
disposed of, any of which could cause us to terminate the offer without the
purchase of shares thereunder under certain conditions.
See "The
Offer -- Conditions to the Offer.
"

     State Takeover Statutes.  
Duck Head is incorporated under the laws of
Georgia.
A number of states (including Georgia) have adopted takeover laws and
regulations purport, to varying degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire
securities of corporations that are incorporated in such states or that have
substantial assets, shareholders, principal executive offices or principal
places of business therein.
Except as set forth below, neither we nor HB
Acquisition has attempted to comply with any state takeover statutes in
connection with the offer or the merger.
We have the right to challenge the
validity or applicability of any state law allegedly applicable to the offer or
the merger, and nothing in this Offer to Purchase nor any action taken in
connection herewith is intended as a waiver of that right.
In the event that it
is asserted that one or more takeover statutes apply to the offer or the merger,
and it is not determined by an appropriate court that such statute or statutes
do not apply or are invalid as applied to the offer or the merger, as
applicable, we may be required to file certain documents with, or receive
approvals from, the relevant state authorities, and we might be unable to accept
for payment or purchase shares tendered pursuant to the offer or be delayed in
continuing or consummating the offer.
In such case, we may not be obligated to
accept for purchase, or pay for, any shares tendered.
See "The
Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" above.

     
Sections 14-2-1110 through -1132 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code
restrict certain "business combinations" with an "interested shareholder"
(generally, any person who owns or has the right to acquire 10% or more of the
corporation's outstanding voting stock) of a Georgia corporation that has
expressly elected to be governed by these provisions.
The restrictions of
Sections 14-2-1110 through -1132 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code are
inapplicable to the merger, the offer and the related transactions because the
Duck Head board of directors has approved the offer and the merger.

     
A number of states have adopted laws that purport, to varying degrees, to
apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or that have
substantial assets, shareholders, principal executive offices or principal
places of business or whose business operations otherwise have substantial
economic effects in, such states.
Duck Head, directly or through subsidiaries,
conducts business in a number of states throughout the United States, some of
which have enacted such laws.

     
In Edgar v. MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States invalidated
on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute which, as a
matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations meeting certain
requirements more difficult.
However, in 1987 in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of
America, the Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana could, as a matter of
corporate law, constitutionally disqualify a potential acquiror from voting
shares of a target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining
shareholders where, among other things, the corporation is incorporated in, and
has a substantial number of shareholders in, the state.
Subsequently, in TLX
Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp., a Federal District Court in Oklahoma ruled
that the Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they apply to
corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma in that they would subject such
corporations to inconsistent regulations.
Similarly, in Tyson Foods, Inc. v.
McReynolds, a Federal District Court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee
takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated
outside Tennessee.
This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.

FEES AND EXPENSES

     We have retained MacKenzie Partners to be the information agent and
SunTrust Bank to be the depositary in connection with the offer.
MacKenzie
Partners may contact holders of shares by mail, telephone, telecopy, telegraph
and personal interview and may request banks, brokers, dealers and other
nominees to forward materials relating to the offer to beneficial owners of
shares.

     
MacKenzie Partners and SunTrust Bank each will receive reasonable and
customary compensation for their respective services in connection with the
offer, will be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will be
indemnified against various liabilities and expenses in connection therewith,
including certain liabilities under federal securities laws.

     
We will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or to any
other person (other than to SunTrust Bank and MacKenzie Partners) in connection
with the solicitation of tenders of shares pursuant to the offer.
Brokers,
dealers, commercial banks and trust companies will, upon request, be reimbursed
by us for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding
offering materials to their customers.


MISCELLANEOUS

     
The offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of) holders of shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the
offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such
jurisdiction.

     
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF US NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT
BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

     
We have filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO pursuant
to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act,
together with exhibits furnishing certain additional information with respect to
the Offer, and may file amendments thereto.
In addition, Duck Head has filed
with the SEC a Solicitation/ Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9,
together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, setting
forth the recommendation of Duck Head's board of directors with respect to the
offer and the reasons for such recommendation and furnishing certain additional
related information.
A copy of such documents, and any amendments thereto, may
be examined at, and copies may be obtained from, the SEC (but not the regional
offices of the SEC) in the manner set forth under "The Offer -- Information
Concerning Duck Head" and "The Offer -- Information Concerning TSI and HB
Acquisition.
"

                                         TROPICAL SPORTSWEAR INT'L CORPORATION
                                         HB ACQUISITION CORP.

July 11, 2001

                                                                      SCHEDULE
I

                        DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     1.
Directors and Executive Officers of Tropical Sportswear Int'l
Corporation.  
The following table sets forth the name, business address and
present occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices
or employment for the past five years, of each director and executive officer of
Tropical Sportswear Int'l Corporation ("TSI" or the "Company").
Unless otherwise
indicated, each such person is a citizen of the United States of America and the
business address of each such person is c/o Tropical Sportswear Int'l
Corporation, 4902 West Waters Avenue, Tampa, Florida 33634-1302.
Unless
otherwise indicated, each occupation set forth opposite an individual's name
refers to employment with Tropical Sportswear Int'l Corporation.
Unless
otherwise indicated, each such person has held his or her present occupation as
set forth below, or has been an executive officer at Tropical Sportswear Int'l
Corporation, or the organization indicated, for the past five years.
Directors
are identified by an asterisk.

                                                       
PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS                           MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- -------------------------                           --------------------------------------------------

*William W. Compton...............................  
Mr. Compton has served as Chairman of the Board,
                                                    Chief Executive Officer and a Director of TSI and
                                                    its predecessors since November 1989.
He has
                                                    served as President of TSI since January 2001.
He
                                                    also served as President of TSI from November 1989
                                                    to November 1994.
Mr. Compton has over 30 years of
                                                    experience in the apparel industry.
Prior to
                                                    joining TSI, he served as President and Chief
                                                    Operating Officer of Munsingwear, Inc., an apparel
                                                    manufacturer and marketer, President/Executive
                                                    Vice President of Corporate Marketing for five
                                                    apparel divisions of McGregor/Faberge Corporation
                                                    and President, U.S.A. and a director of Farah
                                                    Manufacturing Corporation.
Mr. Compton currently
                                                    serves on the Board of Directors for the Center
                                                    for Entrepreneurship for Brigham Young University,
                                                    and recently served as the Chairman of the Board
                                                    of Directors of the American Apparel and Footwear
                                                    Association and is a member of its Executive
                                                    Committee.

*Michael Kagan....................................  
Mr. Kagan has served as Executive Vice President,
                                                    Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Vice
                                                    Chairman of the Board of TSI and its predecessors
                                                    since November 1989.
He was also Treasurer of TSI
                                                    from November 1989 to January 1998.
Mr. Kagan has
                                                    more than 30 years experience in the apparel
                                                    industry.
Prior to joining TSI, Mr. Kagan served
                                                    as Senior Vice President of Finance for
                                                    Munsingwear, Inc. and as Executive Vice President
                                                    and Chief Operating Officer of Flexnit Company,
                                                    Inc., a manufacturer of women's intimate apparel.

                                       
S-1

                                                       PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS                           MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- -------------------------                           
--------------------------------------------------

*Leon H. Reinhart.................................  
Mr. Reinhart has served as a Director of TSI since
P.O. Box 5000-85                                    August 1997.
Mr. Reinhart was President, Chief
Rancho Sante Fe, CA 92067                           Executive Officer and a Director of First National
                                                    Bank based in San Diego, California from May 1996
                                                    through May 2001.
Prior to such time, Mr.
                                                    Reinhart's experience includes 28 years as an
                                                    executive with Citibank, N.A. and its affiliates
                                                    in a variety of domestic and international
                                                    positions.
Mr. Reinhart also serves as a Director
                                                    on the Boards of Shop-A-Z.com, Elamex, S.A., San
                                                    Diego Dialogue and the International Community
                                                    Foundation.

*Charles J. Smith.................................  
Mr. Smith became a director of TSI in June 1998.

202 Micmac Lane                                     
Previously he had been director of Farah since
Jupiter, Florida 33458                              March 1994.
For more than five years prior to his
                                                    retirement in 1994, Mr. Smith served in various
                                                    capacities with Crystal Brands, Inc., an apparel
                                                    manufacturer and marketer, most recently as an
                                                    Executive Vice President.
Since then, Mr. Smith
                                                    has served as a consultant to various apparel
                                                    companies.
In May 1995, Mr. Smith became a partner
                                                    in and director of Phoenix Apparel Group, Inc., a
                                                    privately-held apparel sourcing and consulting
                                                    company.

*Jesus Alvarez-Morodo.............................  
Mr. Alvarez-Morodo has served as a Director of TSI
Citizen of Mexico                                   and its predecessors since November 1989.
Mr.
Virginia Fabregas #80                               Alvarez-
Morodo has been Vice Chairman of the
Col. San Rafael                                     Board of Elamex, S.A. de C.V., a manufacturing
Mexico, D.F. 06470                                  company controlled by Accel S.A. de C.V., since
                                                    1995 and a Director of Elamex since 1990.
Accel is
                                                    a publicly traded Mexican holding company having
                                                    subsidiaries engaged in warehousing, distribution
                                                    and manufacturing.
He has been President and Chief
                                                    Executive Officer of Accel since 1992 and has held
                                                    various positions with Accel and its predecessor,
                                                    Grupo Chihuahua S.A. de C.V., and its subsidiaries
                                                    since 1982, including Vice President from 1989 to
                                                    1992 and Vice Chairman since 1999.

*Leslie Gillock...................................  Ms. Gillock has served as a Director of TSI since
Springs Industries                                  August 1997.
Ms. Gillock has served as Vice
P.O. Box 70                                         President Brand Management of Springs Industries,
Ft. Mill, SC 29716                                  Inc. since October 1999.
Previously, Ms. Gillock
                                                    served in various capacities with Fruit of the
                                                    Loom, Inc. from 1978 until June 1998, including
                                                    Vice President of Marketing from March 1995
                                                    through June 1998, Director of Marketing from
                                                    January 1993 through February 1995, and Marketing
                                                    Manager for Intimate Apparel from January 1989
                                                    through December 1992.
She has over 20 years
                                                    experience in the apparel industry.

                                       
S-2

                                                       PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS                           MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- -------------------------                           --------------------------------------------------

*Donald H. Livingstone............................  
Mr. Livingstone has served as a Director of TSI
610 Tanner Building                                 since August 1997.
He has been a Teaching
Brigham Young University                            Professor at the Brigham Young University Marriott
Provo, Utah 84602                                   School of Management and the Director of its
                                                    Center for Entrepreneurship since September 1994.
                                                    
Mr. Livingstone also has served as a Trustee of
                                                    the Eureka Family of Mutual Funds since August
                                                    1997 and as a Director of California Independent
                                                    Bankcorp since October 1998.
From 1976 through
                                                    March 1995, he was a partner with Arthur Andersen
                                                    LLP.
He joined Arthur Andersen LLP in 1966.

*Eloy S. Vallina-Laguera..........................  
Mr. Vallina-Laguera has served as a Director of
Citizen of Mexico                                   TSI and its predecessors since November 1989.
He
Ave.
Zarco 2401                                     has been Chairman of the Board of Accel and its
Chihuahua Chih.                                     predecessor, Grupo Chihuahua, since its inception
Mexico 31020                                        in 1979, and Chairman of the Board of Elamex since
                                                    1990.
He was Chairman of Banco Commercial
                                                    Mexicano, later Multibanco Comermex, one of
                                                    Mexico's largest commercial banks at that time,
                                                    from 1971 until its expropriation in 1982.

Richard Domino....................................  
Mr. Domino serves as Executive Vice President of
                                                    TSI and as President of the TSI Private Brand
                                                    division.
He served as President of TSI from
                                                    November 1994 to January 2001.
Mr. Domino served
                                                    as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing
                                                    from January 1994 to October 1994 and Vice
                                                    President of Sales from December 1989 to December
                                                    1993.
He has over 25 years experience in
                                                    apparel-related sales and marketing.

Michael Mitchell..................................  
Mr. Mitchell serves as Executive Vice President of
                                                    TSI and President of Savane International
                                                    division.
He has served as President of Savane
                                                    International (formerly Farah, Inc.) since March
                                                    1994.
Mr. Mitchell has been employed by Savane
                                                    since 1981 in various sales and marketing
                                                    capacities.
He also served on the Savane Board of
                                                    Directors from March 1994 until June 1998.

Gregory L. Williams...............................  
Mr. Williams has served as Executive Vice
                                                    President and General Counsel of TSI since July
                                                    1999.
Before joining TSI, Mr. Williams practiced
                                                    commercial law in Tampa, Florida for 18 years.

                                       
S-3

     2.
Directors and Executive Officers of HB Acquisition Corp.  All
information concerning the current business address, citizenship, principal
occupation or employment and five-year employment history for each person
identified below is the same as the information given in the paragraph 1 above.


Director

Michael Kagan

Executive Officers

Michael Kagan
Gregory L. Williams

                                       S-4

     Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly
completed and duly executed, will be accepted.
The Letter of Transmittal,
certificates for shares and any other required documents should be sent or
delivered by each shareholder of Duck Head or such shareholder's broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to SunTrust Bank at one of the
addresses set forth below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 SUNTRUST BANK

            By Mail:                         By Facsimile:              By Hand or Overnight Courier:

           SunTrust Bank                    (404) 332-3875                      SunTrust Bank
          Attn: Reorg.                                                           