URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/10081/000095012301505101/0000950123-01-505101.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND TO THE MERGER

     In September 2000 the Duramed board of directors established an
acquisition/strategic alliances committee to work with Duramed's chief executive
officer to review possible acquisitions of products or companies, joint ventures
or strategic alliances to implement its business plan for the development of a
portfolio of brand name and generic female hormone products in the estrogen
replacement therapy, hormone replacement therapy and oral contraceptive
categories.
The committee consisted initially of Messrs. Peter R. Seaver, Chair,
George W. Baughman, Richard R. Frankovic and S. Sundararaman.

     
On November 17, 2000, Mr. Bruce Downey, the chief executive officer of
Barr, and Mr. Martin Zeiger, senior vice president, strategic business
development and general counsel of Barr, who were in Cincinnati, Ohio for an
unrelated business conference, met briefly with Mr. E. Thomas Arington, the
chief executive officer of Duramed, and other members of Duramed management.

During this meeting, the parties discussed potential co-development,
co-marketing, licensing and other arrangements between Barr and Duramed.
One
suggestion raised by Mr. Downey was a merger of Duramed and Barr.
Mr. Arington
responded that while Duramed would be interested in various business
arrangements with Barr, his position and the position of Duramed's board of
directors were that Duramed was not for sale.

     
At a meeting of the acquisitions/strategic alliances committee held on
November 21, 2000, at which Messrs. Seaver, Baughman and Sundararaman were
present, Mr. Arington reported on the meeting with Barr.

     
On March 16, 2001, Mr. E. Thomas Arington and Mr. Downey met briefly and
discussed, in general terms, possible ventures between Duramed and Barr.
These
discussions did not involve a merger of Duramed and Barr.
They agreed to meet
again at the Banc of America Securities Healthcare Conference later in March in
Las Vegas, Nevada.

     
In late March 2001, at the Banc of America Securities Healthcare
Conference, Mr. Paul Donofrio of Banc of America Securities, Barr's financial
advisor, suggested to Mr. Arington that Duramed consider a merger with Barr.
As
previously agreed, Mr. Arington and Mr. Downey met and, at this meeting, Mr.
Downey expressed an interest in Barr's merger with Duramed.

     
At a meeting of the acquisition/strategic alliances committee held on April
4, 2001, Mr. Arington reported on the discussions with Mr. Donofrio and Mr.
Downey.
Messrs. Seaver, Baughman and Sundararaman attended the meeting.
In view
of the expression of interest by Mr. Downey, as well as management's
understanding of Barr's business and its future prospects, Mr. Arington believed
it was appropriate to speak further with Barr to determine whether a merger with
Barr might be in the best interests of Duramed and its stockholders.
Duramed's
counsel then described to the members of the committee the procedures that might
be considered for such discussions.
It was agreed that any discussions with Barr
would be overseen by the acquisition/strategic alliances committee, which would
report to the Duramed board of directors for any final action if deemed
appropriate.
Counsel recommended that Duramed engage a financial advisor to
assist Duramed in a potential transaction with Barr.
After discussion, it was
agreed that management should contact one or more investment banking firms and
provide information about them and their proposed services to the committee.

     
At a meeting of the acquisition/strategic alliances committee on April 17,
2001, representatives of UBS Warburg described UBS Warburg's merger and
acquisition experience and the approach which UBS Warburg would take in advising
Duramed with respect to discussions with Barr.
After the representatives of UBS
Warburg left the meeting, the members of the committee discussed the possible
retention of UBS Warburg, including the question of whether it was necessary to
interview other investment banking firms.
Following these discussions, the
committee authorized Duramed to retain UBS Warburg as its financial advisor to
assist Duramed in a potential transaction with Barr.

     
At a Duramed board of directors meeting on May 10, 2001, two new directors,
Messrs. Vernon A. Brunner and Gerald L. Wolken, were added to the
acquisition/strategic alliances committee.
At a meeting

of the committee on that date, at which all members were present, the continuing
members of the committee reviewed with Messrs. Wolken and Brunner the previous
actions taken concerning Barr and considered what further action should be
taken.
After discussion, it was agreed that management should continue to meet
with representatives of Barr and that an informal "subcommittee," consisting of
Messrs. Brunner, Frankovic, Seaver and Wolken, be appointed to work directly
with management.

     
During the next four weeks, a number of meetings were held between
management of Duramed and Barr and their respective advisors.
On May 30 and 31,
2001, various Barr personnel visited Duramed's Cincinnati manufacturing facility
and held general business discussions.

     
On June 1, 2001, Messrs. Brunner, Frankovic and Seaver met with Mr. E.
Thomas Arington and other Duramed personnel to review ongoing discussions among
Duramed, Barr and their respective advisors.

     
On June 5, 2001, Duramed and Barr entered into a mutual confidentiality
agreement and Messrs. Downey, Zeiger and other Barr personnel, together with
Barr's financial advisor, met with Mr. E. Thomas Arington and other Duramed
personnel and representatives of Duramed's financial advisor.
Both Duramed and
Barr presented information concerning their business operations.
On June 11,
2001, Mr. E. Thomas Arington and other Duramed personnel again met with Mr.
Downey and other Barr personnel and their respective financial advisors.

     
On June 12, 2001, at a meeting of the Barr board of directors, Mr. Downey,
among other things, reviewed the meetings with Duramed and related matters,
including the due diligence process, financial modeling and pooling issues.

     
On June 12, 2001, at a meeting of the acquisition/strategic alliances
committee, Messrs. Brunner, Frankovic and Seaver reviewed with the committee
their meeting with Duramed management on June 1, 2001.
Also at this meeting,
management reviewed the various meetings held with representatives of Barr and
described the business plan information provided to Barr.
After discussion, the
members agreed that management should continue discussions with Barr, with
results to be reported back to the committee for consideration and possible
further action.

     
On June 14, 2001, Messrs. E. Thomas Arington and Downey met, together with
other representatives of Duramed and Barr and their respective financial
advisors.
Mr. Downey expressed continued interest in Barr's merger with Duramed
and suggested terms for a possible transaction.
Following this discussion, both
parties agreed to commence active mutual due diligence investigations.

     
On June 15, 2001, at a meeting of the Barr board of directors, Mr. Downey
reported on the meetings with Mr. E. Thomas Arington and the proposed terms of a
possible merger transaction, including the purchase price, the composition of
the Barr board of directors after the merger and key Duramed employee issues.

Also at this meeting, managers reported on the potential synergies between Barr
and Duramed and the due diligence process.

     
The acquisition/strategic alliances committee met again on June 19, 2001.

Mr. E. Thomas Arington reviewed with the committee the various meetings and
discussions held among representatives of Duramed and Barr and their financial
advisors.
Duramed's financial advisor reviewed with the committee financial
aspects of a possible merger.
Duramed's counsel reported that Duramed had
received a draft merger agreement prepared by Barr's counsel and reviewed with
the committee certain of the provisions of the proposed merger agreement: a
fixed exchange ratio, a separate stockholder's agreement under which certain
Duramed stockholders would agree to vote for the merger and a termination fee
which would be payable by Duramed to Barr under specified circumstances.
The
members of the committee, with the assistance of management and counsel,
discussed the information presented and the course of action which Duramed
should follow.
The members noted that, in order for the merger to qualify as a
pooling of interests for financial accounting purposes, Duramed's affiliates,
including Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., would be required to agree not to sell
their shares for a period of time after the merger.
The committee authorized
management to contact Solvay with respect to the proposed transaction between
Duramed and Barr.
After discussion, the members of the committee agreed that
Duramed and its legal and financial

advisors should proceed with due diligence investigations of, and discussions
with, Barr.
The committee also expressed the view that management, with the
assistance of Duramed's financial advisor, should attempt to negotiate a higher
per share price.
It was agreed that management would thereafter consult with the
full board of directors for further actions as discussions and negotiations
continued.

     
On June 24, 2001, at a meeting of the Barr board of directors, Mr. Downey
reported that due diligence was proceeding and that no matter had been
identified which would cause Barr to terminate the merger discussions.
Barr
representatives reviewed with the Barr directors a financial presentation of the
proposed merger and various purchase price and valuation scenarios prepared by
Banc of America Securities.
Following this presentation and discussion, the Barr
board unanimously agreed that management should proceed to finalize the merger
with Duramed substantially on the terms described by Mr. Downey.

     
A meeting of the Duramed board of directors was held on June 25, 2001.

Participating were Messrs. E. Thomas Arington, Jeffrey T. Arington, Baughman,
Brunner, Frankovic, Seaver, Sundararaman and Wolken.
The Duramed directors
reviewed the actions taken to date by the acquisition/strategic alliances
committee and management.
Mr. E. Thomas Arington reported that both companies
had conducted various legal, technical, financial and business due diligence
reviews and that these reviews and discussions between the parties were
continuing.
Duramed representatives then reviewed with the Duramed directors the
results of their due diligence reviews, including research and development
activities, technical and formulation matters, production and manufacturing
capabilities, quality and regulatory matters, sales and marketing capabilities,
legal affairs, financial and accounting matters, management information systems,
human resources, clinical programs and possible reasons for and against the
proposed merger.

     
On June 26, 2001, Mr. Downey and Barr personnel and financial advisors met
with Mr. E. Thomas Arington and Duramed personnel and financial advisors to
discuss further the terms of the proposed merger.
Mr. Downey presented an
overview of the results of Barr's due diligence investigations of Duramed,
reviewed the average stock prices for Duramed and Barr over the past month and
suggested a merger with a fixed exchange ratio of .25 of a share of Barr common
stock for each outstanding share of Duramed common stock.
The Duramed
representatives suggested instead an exchange ratio of .2624.
Mr. Downey
responded with a price protection mechanism proposal.
The Duramed
representatives rejected this proposal, and it was agreed that Messrs. Arington
and Downey would meet again during the morning of June 27, 2001.
Messrs.
Arington and Downey met on the morning of June 27, 2001 and discussed a fixed
exchange ratio of .2562 with no price protection mechanism.
Mr. Arington agreed
to present this exchange ratio to the Duramed board of directors.

     
The Duramed board of directors met again on June 27, 2001.
Mr. E. Thomas
Arington reported on the discussions which had been held with Barr since the
meeting of the Duramed board of directors on June 25, 2001 and noted that Barr
had proposed for Duramed to be acquired in a stock-for-stock merger transaction
in which each share of Duramed common stock would be converted into .2562 of a
share of Barr common stock and described the discussions which had been held
with Barr.
Various Duramed personnel then reviewed further with the directors
the due diligence reports considered previously at the June 25, 2001 meeting.

Following this presentation, the Duramed directors considered the potential
advantages and disadvantages of the proposed merger with Barr.
Representatives
of UBS Warburg updated the Duramed directors as to financial aspects of the
proposed merger.

     
Mr. Downey then joined the meeting and presented various information to the
Duramed directors on the business and prospects of Barr. Counsel to Duramed
described the terms of the proposed merger agreement, noting that the merger
agreement provided for a fixed exchange ratio.
Counsel also noted that, although
the merger agreement would prohibit Duramed from soliciting other prospective
buyers, Duramed would be permitted under certain circumstances to provide
information to, and enter into discussions with, parties who made unsolicited
approaches to Duramed.
The Duramed board of directors would be able to terminate
the merger agreement if, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, the board of
directors were presented with an offer which it deemed to be superior to that of
the merger.
Counsel noted that, in such event, Duramed would be required to pay
a termination fee to Barr of $15 million, which fee had been

reduced from Barr's original proposal of $25 million.
Approval of the merger
would require the vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Duramed common stock.
Certain Duramed stockholders (holding in total less than
20% of the outstanding shares of Duramed) would be required to vote for the
merger.
A similar agreement to vote in favor of the issuance of shares by Barr
in the merger would be required from the holder of approximately 33% of Barr
common stock.
Counsel then reviewed the representations and warranties, various
conditions to the closing of the merger and other provisions included in the
merger agreement.
Following counsel's presentation, the directors discussed
further the information reviewed with the directors by Duramed management, Mr.
Downey and Duramed's legal and financial advisors.
Following these discussions,
the meeting was adjourned until June 28, 2001.

     
When the meeting resumed on June 28, 2001, all directors were present.
Mr.
E. Thomas Arington updated the Duramed directors on further discussions with
representatives of Barr and noted that it had been agreed that Messrs. Arington,
Frankovic and Seaver would join the Barr board of directors and that he would
assume the role of chairman of the business development committee of the Barr
board of directors.
Counsel noted that agreement had been reached on the final
terms of the proposed merger agreement and that there were no significant
changes from the terms reviewed with the Duramed directors on the previous day.

At this meeting, UBS Warburg reviewed with the Duramed board of directors its
various financial analyses with respect to the common stock exchange ratio and
rendered to the directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by
delivery of a written opinion dated June 29, 2001, the date of the definitive
merger agreement, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on
and subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken as described in its written opinion, the
common stock exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Duramed common stock.

     
At the conclusion of the meeting on June 28, 2001, the Duramed directors
unanimously determined that the proposed merger, the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement were advisable and in the best
interests of the stockholders of Duramed, and recommended that the merger and
the merger agreement be presented to the stockholders of Duramed at a special
meeting for approval and adoption.

     
The Barr board of directors concurrently held a meeting on June 28, 2001.

At this meeting, Banc of America Securities reviewed with the Barr board of
directors its various financial analyses with respect to the common stock
exchange ratio and rendered to the directors an oral opinion, which opinion was
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated June 28, 2001, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken as described in its written opinion, the common stock exchange ratio
provided for in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to Barr.

The Barr board of directors considered the merger, the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, authorized the execution and
delivery of the merger agreement and the voting agreement between Barr and
certain affiliates of Duramed and recommended that the issuance of shares of
Barr common stock in connection with the merger be presented to Barr's
stockholders at a special meeting for approval.

     
The definitive merger agreement, the voting agreement between Sherman
Delaware, Inc. and Duramed, the voting agreement between Barr and certain
affiliates of Duramed, a letter of the Duramed preferred stockholders, and
affiliate letters were executed as of June 29, 2001.
On June 29, 2001 Duramed
and Barr issued a joint press release announcing the proposed merger.


JOINT REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     At separate meetings held on June 28, 2001, the boards of directors of Barr
and Duramed each concluded unanimously that the merger, the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are advisable and fair to,
and in the best interests of, their respective companies and stockholders.
The
factors considered by each board of directors and the reasons for its decisions
are set forth below, and you should read them carefully.

     
In addition, the boards of directors of both Barr and Duramed believe that
the following potential benefits may result from the merger:

     - the merger will create a larger, more diversified pharmaceutical company,
       enabling such company to compete more effectively for promising
       pharmaceutical opportunities, including product acquisition and
       development and licensing arrangements;

     - the merger will combine the growth prospects related to Duramed's
       portfolio of products with Barr's and both portfolios are expected to
       benefit from the availability of a large sales force;

     - the merger creates the opportunity to form a single company offering
       consumers a complete line of oral contraceptive products based on the
       combination of unique strengths that each partner will contribute.
Barr
       will contribute a strong pipeline of generic and proprietary oncology,
       female healthcare products and oral contraceptives; a well-financed
       research and development capability; and significant expertise in legal,
       regulatory and government affairs activities.
Duramed will contribute
       several key oral contraceptives, including Apri, Aviane and Enpresse;
       hormone replacement therapy products, including Cenestin, as well as the
       sales force that has been driving the growth of this innovative product;
       and pipeline development capabilities, including both single-entity and
       combination hormone products to be marketed as generic and brand
       products; and

     - the merger is expected to result in the elimination of some duplicative
       costs and the achievement of some operating efficiencies.


BARR'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF BARR'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     
In reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement, Barr's board of
directors consulted with Barr's management, as well as its legal counsel and its
financial advisors, and considered the following material factors:

     - information concerning the financial performance and condition, results
       of operations, asset quality, prospects and businesses of each of Barr
       and Duramed as separate entities and on a combined basis, including:

       -- Duramed's improving financial results and prospects due to its
          successful introduction of new products,

       -- recent historical stock price performance of Barr common stock and
          Duramed common stock, and

       -- percentage of the combined company existing Barr stockholders would
          own following the merger.

     - a benefit of the merger is the opportunity to bring Duramed's sales force
       to the combined company.
This experienced sales force is important to
       Barr's ability to successfully launch its proprietary products,
       particularly the innovative SEASONALE oral contraceptive that is
       currently in clinical studies.
In 1999, Duramed launched Cenestin and has
       been successful in using Cardinal Health Inc.'s contract sales
       organization to position Cenestin as a viable alternative to Premarin(R).
       
Duramed has the right to bring this sales force in-house in July 2002 by
       offering employment to the sales representatives.
This experienced sales
       team will allow the combined company to better position its joint new
       products within the physician community and to pursue more aggressively
       product licensing opportunities;

     - the expanded manufacturing capabilities, particularly in the specialized
       manufacturing suites used in the production of hormone replacement
       agents, oral contraceptives and oncology products;

     - the enhanced packaging capabilities of the combined entity, particularly
       in specialized packaging capabilities for oral contraceptives;

     - the ability for Barr to compete more effectively in the female health
       market against much larger existing competitors;

     - the opinion of Barr's financial advisor to the effect that, as of the
       date of the opinion and based on and subject to the matters described in
       its opinion, which is described below under "-- Opinion of Barr's
       Financial Advisor," the common stock exchange ratio provided for in the
       merger was fair to Barr from a financial point of view;

     - the intended accounting for the merger as a pooling of interests which
       results in combined financial statements prepared on a basis consistent
       with the underlying view that stockholders' interests in the two
       companies have simply been combined; and

     - the agreement that E. Thomas Arington will become a member of the Barr
       board of directors and will assume the role of chairman of its business
       development committee, participate in day-to-day business development
       activities of Barr, be active in the management of Duramed during the
       transition, and continue in an advisory capacity after the merger.

     
In reaching its conclusions and recommendations, the Barr board of
directors considered all these factors generally positively, as advantages or
opportunities, with the following exceptions:

     - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger might not be fully
       realized;

     - the risk that the combined company could experience slower growth
       relative to Barr's prior growth rate;

     - the risk of diverting management's attention from executing its own
       business plan; and

     - other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       under "Risk Factors.
"

     The Barr board of directors believed that certain of these risks were
unlikely to occur or unlikely to have a material impact on the combined company,
while others could be avoided or mitigated by Barr or Duramed, and that,
overall, the risks associated with the merger were outweighed by the potential
benefits.

     
The discussion of the information and factors considered by the Barr board
of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors
and the amount of information considered, the Barr board of directors did not
find it practicable to and did not quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision.
The
determination was made after consideration of all of the factors as a whole.

     
The Barr board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement
and the merger and believes that the terms of the merger are fair to, and in the
best interests of, Barr and its stockholders.
The Barr board of directors
recommends a vote "FOR" approval of the issuance of shares of Barr common stock
in connection with the merger.


DURAMED'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF DURAMED'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

     
In reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement, Duramed's board of
directors consulted with Duramed's management, as well as its legal counsel and
its financial advisors, and considered the following material factors to be in
favor of the merger:

     - the exchange ratio and resulting theoretical value of a share of Duramed
       common stock as compared to how the common stock of Duramed has performed
       historically;

     - the historical financial information of Duramed and Barr, as well as the
       information presented to the Duramed directors with respect to the
       prospects of both Duramed and Barr;

     - business conditions in the industry in which Duramed and Barr operate and
       the competition in that industry, including the fact that Duramed's
       competitors generally have substantially greater financial resources than
       Duramed;

     - the results of the due diligence investigations of Barr conducted by
       Duramed and its advisors;

     - the theoretical alternatives to the merger, including continuing to
       operate Duramed as an independent company;

     - the possibility that if the merger is not completed, and in view of the
       consolidation generally taking place in the pharmaceutical industry,
       Duramed could receive an unsolicited acquisition proposal from another
       party on terms that are not as favorable as the merger;

     - the tax-deferred nature of the proposed merger;

     - the perceived business synergies between Duramed and Barr;

     - the reduced risks that would result if Duramed were part of a larger,
       more financially stable organization;

     - the terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement, including the
       facts that Duramed may, under certain circumstances, provide information
       to and negotiate with prospective unsolicited purchasers after the
       execution of the merger agreement and that the Duramed board of directors
       may terminate the merger agreement in the event of a superior proposal;

     - the various financial analyses with respect to the common stock exchange
       ratio of Duramed's financial advisor and its opinion as to the fairness,
       from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinion, of the
       common stock exchange ratio provided for in the merger, as more fully
       described below under "-- Opinion of Duramed's Financial Advisor;"

     - the fact that stockholders of Duramed will receive equity interests in
       the combined company after the merger and will be able to share in the
       combined company's growth; and

     - the belief of the directors that the effective merger price is greater
       than the amount which a stockholder of Duramed would be able to obtain in
       the open market in the immediate future if the merger were rejected.

     
The Duramed directors noted the following factors which they believed were
unfavorable to the proposed transaction:

     - the merger would occur at a time when Duramed is just beginning to enjoy
       the benefits of its long-term development activities;

     - the risks inherent in the antitrust litigation in which Barr is involved;

     - the differences in approach between Duramed's efforts to establish a
       brand name identity for its products and Barr's generic marketing
       strategy; and

     - the termination fee payable to Barr if the Duramed board of directors or
       Barr should terminate the merger agreement under certain circumstances.

     
The discussion of the information and factors considered by the Duramed
board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of
factors and the amount of information considered, the Duramed board of directors
did not find it practicable to and did not quantify, rank or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision.

The determination was made after consideration of all of the factors as a whole.

     
In reaching its determination that the merger is advisable and in the best
interests of the stockholders of Duramed, the Duramed directors were aware that
the members of the board and certain executive officers have personal interests
in the merger that are or may be different from, or in addition to, the
interests of other Duramed stockholders.
These interests are described below
under "-- Interests of Duramed Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.
"
The decision of the board of directors of Duramed, however, was based upon the
factors identified above and not the interests of those individuals.

     
The Duramed board of directors has unanimously approved the merger
agreement and the merger and believes that the terms of the merger are fair to,
and in the best interests of, Duramed and its

stockholders.
The Duramed board of directors recommends a vote "FOR" adoption of
the merger agreement and approval of the merger.


INTERESTS OF BARR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the recommendation of Barr's board of directors with respect
to the issuance of shares of Barr common stock in the merger, Barr stockholders
should be aware that the members of Barr's board of directors and Barr's
executive officers have personal interests in the merger that are or may be
different from, or in addition to, the interests of other Barr stockholders.

     
The members of Barr's board of directors and Barr's executive officers are
beneficiaries of certain Barr compensation programs under which vesting is
accelerated upon a "change of control."
The merger will be deemed a "change of
control" for purposes of such compensation programs.

     
Under the Barr stock option plans adopted by vote of Barr stockholders, all
outstanding options to purchase Barr common stock issued under the Barr stock
plans, including those held by executive officers and directors of Barr, vest at
the merger.

     
The following table sets forth, as of June 30, 2001, the number of shares
of Barr common stock subject to unvested options held by Barr's directors and
executive officers and the average exercise prices of those options:

                                       NUMBER OF SHARES    WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                          SUBJECT TO        EXERCISE PRICE
NAME                                   UNVESTED OPTIONS       PER SHARE
- ----                                   ----------------    ----------------

Salah U. Ahmed.......................       42,500              $38.78
Carole S. Ben-Maimon.................       50,000               55.95
Paul M. Bisaro.......................       69,998               41.92
Robert J. Bolger.....................        7,500               63.31
Timothy P. Catlett...................       47,499               37.32
Harold N. Chefitz....................       15,000               65.50
Edwin A. Cohen.......................        7,500               63.31
Bruce L. Downey......................      129,998               38.56
Michael F. Florence..................        7,500               63.31
Jacob ("Jack") M. Kay................        7,500               63.31
William T. McKee.....................       57,499               40.44
George P. Stephan....................        7,500               63.31
Martin Zeiger........................       55,000               25.19
                                           -------
          Total......................      504,994              $42.05

     Of this total, 224,157 options will vest by October 25, 2001 by their terms
and are therefore not expected to be materially accelerated as a result of the
merger.

     
Barr's board of directors was aware of the interests described above when
approving the merger.


INTERESTS OF DURAMED DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the recommendation of Duramed's board of directors with
respect to the merger, Duramed stockholders should be aware that the members of
Duramed's board of directors and Duramed's executive officers have personal
interests in the merger that are or may be different from, or in addition to,
the interests of other Duramed stockholders.

  
Stock Options

     The members of Duramed's board of directors and Duramed's executive
officers are participants in Duramed stock option plans under which vesting is
accelerated upon the occurrence of certain events, including the merger.

     
Under the Duramed stock option plans adopted by vote of Duramed
stockholders, all outstanding options to purchase Duramed common stock,
including those held by executive officers and directors of Duramed, will vest
in connection with the proposed merger with Barr and will be assumed by Barr,
subject to adjustment to reflect the exchange ratio.

     
The following table sets forth, as of June 30, 2001, the number of shares
of Duramed common stock subject to unvested options held by Duramed's directors
and executive officers and the average exercise prices of those options:

                                       NUMBER OF SHARES    WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                          SUBJECT TO        EXERCISE PRICE
NAME                                   UNVESTED OPTIONS       PER SHARE
- ----                                   ----------------    ----------------

E. Thomas Arington...................       538,428             $6.79
Jeffrey T. Arington..................       127,800              7.37
George W. Baughman...................         5,000              9.46
Vernon A. Brunner....................        10,000              9.46
Richard R. Frankovic
.................        13,000              8.40
Lawrence A. Glassmann................        29,000              4.71
Timothy J. Holt......................        49,199              7.25
Peter R. Seaver......................        10,000              7.45
S. Sundararaman......................         5,000              9.46
Philip M. Urhan......................             0                --
Gerald L. Wolken.....................        15,000              8.13
                                          ---------
          Total......................       802,427             $6.95

     Although all unvested options will vest upon the completion of the merger,
under a separate agreement with Barr, the Duramed directors' and executive
officers' ability to sell their shares of Barr common stock received in exchange
for shares of Duramed common stock or shares issuable on exercise of stock
options is restricted until after Barr publicly releases earnings that include
at least 30 days of post-merger combined operations of the two companies.

  Executive Agreements

     - E. Thomas Arington Amended and Restated Employment Agreement.  
Effective
       July 18, 2000, Duramed entered into an amended and restated employment
       agreement with Mr. E. Thomas Arington.
The initial term of the agreement
       expires December 31, 2005.
Under the agreement, Mr. Arington receives a
       salary in an amount to be set by the Duramed compensation committee, but
       not less than $41,666 per month.
For 2000, the salary was set at that
       amount.
In addition, Mr. Arington is entitled to receive for each year a
       separate annual bonus in such amount as may be determined by the Duramed
       compensation committee.
For 2000, Mr. Arington's bonus was $165,000.
The
       agreement also provides for life and disability insurance and for certain
       other customary benefits.
Further, the agreement provides for the payment
       of a lump sum benefit to Mr. Arington equal to three times Mr. Arington's
       salary and bonus, plus a gross-up for federal excise tax purposes if
       necessary, pursuant to Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code, plus
       vesting of all outstanding options and the continuation of certain
       medical and insurance benefits, in the event that Mr. Arington's
       employment is terminated without cause by Duramed or for good reason by
       Mr. Arington, following a change in control of Duramed during the term of
       the agreement.
A "change in control" includes certain mergers, sales of
       assets or tender offers.
The proposed merger will constitute a change in
       control.
"Good reason" includes a resignation by

       Mr. Arington for any reason within six months after a change in control.
       
"Cause" means willful and continued failure to perform his duties under
       the agreement or willfully engaging in illegal conduct or gross
       misconduct which materially injures Duramed.
If Mr. Arington terminates
       his employment without good reason, or if his employment is terminated by
       Duramed for cause, the agreement provides that he will not compete with
       Duramed for a period of one year after termination.

     - Change in Control Contingent Employment Agreements.  
Effective September
       8, 2000, Duramed entered into change in control contingent employment
       agreements with certain executive officers, including Mr. Jeffrey T.
       Arington, President and Chief Operating Officer, Timothy J. Holt, Senior
       Vice President of Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer and
       Treasurer, and Lawrence A. Glassmann, Senior Vice President and General
       Counsel.
In the event of a "change in control" of Duramed, as defined in
       the agreements, Duramed agrees to continue the employment of the employee
       for three years beginning with the date of the change in control.
The
       proposed merger will constitute a change in control.
The agreements also
       provide for certain lump-sum payments (equal to three times salary and
       bonus) in the event of termination without cause or for good reason
       following a change in control of Duramed.
The agreements contain defined
       terms and tax gross-up provisions similar to those in Mr. E. Thomas
       Arington's amended and restated employment agreement described above.

     - Waiver of Certain Executive Agreement Provisions.  
Barr has entered into
       separate letter agreements with the following executive officers of
       Duramed:

     - E. Thomas Arington, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;

     - Jeffrey T. Arington, President and Chief Operating Officer;

     - Timothy J. Holt, Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration,
       Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and

     - Lawrence A. Glassmann, Senior Vice President and General Counsel.

     
Pursuant to these letter agreements, in exchange for waiver payments of
$600,000, $250,000, $250,000 and $50,000, respectively, each executive agreed to
defer the exercise of his right to terminate employment for good reason under
his employment agreement or change in control contingent employment agreement,
as applicable, until the six month period beginning on April 1, 2002 or on such
earlier date as Barr advises the executive that his services are no longer
needed.

     
Appointment to Barr's Board of Directors

     Barr will take all necessary action to expand Barr's board of directors by
three additional members and will take all necessary action to cause E. Thomas
Arington, Richard R. Frankovic and Peter R. Seaver to be appointed directors of
Barr one day after the effective time of the merger.

     
Indemnification and Insurance

     The merger agreement provides that all rights to indemnification and all
limitations on liability existing in favor of current or former officers,
directors or employees of Duramed as provided for under the Duramed certificate
of incorporation, bylaws or indemnification agreements will be assumed by the
surviving corporation in the merger and will continue in full force and effect
in accordance with their terms following the merger.
To the extent permitted,
advancement of expenses and costs will be mandatory rather than permissive.

     
For six years after the effective time of the merger, Barr will cause the
surviving corporation to maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance
on terms no less favorable than those in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement.
Barr's obligation to provide this insurance coverage is subject to a
cap of 200% of the higher of the premiums paid by Duramed for its existing
insurance coverage in its last full fiscal year or in the current fiscal year.

If Barr cannot maintain the existing or equivalent insurance

coverage without exceeding the 200% cap, Barr is required to maintain only that
amount of insurance coverage that can be obtained by paying an annual premium
equal to the 200% cap.

     
In addition to these rights, for a period six years after the effective
time of the merger, Barr will cause the surviving corporation to indemnify and
hold harmless the individuals who, prior to the merger, were officers, directors
or employees of Duramed against all threatened losses, claims, damages and
liabilities for acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the
merger and arising out or relating to the fact of the person's relationship with
Duramed.

     
Board Considerations

     Duramed's board of directors was aware of the interests described above
when approving the merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     Completion of the merger is conditioned upon its being accounted for as a
pooling of interests and on the receipt by Barr and Duramed of letters from
Deloitte & Touche LLP and Ernst & Young LLP, respectively, regarding each firm's
concurrence with the Barr management's and the Duramed management's conclusions,
respectively, that, as of the date the merger is completed, no conditions exist
that would preclude accounting for the merger as a pooling of interests
transaction under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16 and applicable
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations, if the merger is
completed in accordance with the merger agreement.
Under this accounting
treatment, upon completion of the merger, the assets and liabilities of Duramed
would be added to those of Barr at their recorded book values and the
stockholders' equity accounts of Barr and Duramed would be combined on Barr's
consolidated balance sheet.
On a pooling of interests accounting basis, Barr
will retroactively restate its financial statements issued after completion of
the merger to reflect the consolidated combined financial position and results
of operations of Barr and Duramed as if the merger had taken place as of the
earliest period covered by such financial statements.


EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

     
The effective time of the merger will be at the time the certificate of
merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at a
later time as may be agreed to by Duramed and Barr.

FORM OF THE MERGER

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in
accordance with Delaware law, at the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Barr and a party to the merger agreement, will merge
with and into Duramed.
Duramed will survive the merger as a wholly-owned
Delaware subsidiary of Barr.

MERGER CONSIDERATION

     At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of Duramed
common stock will be converted into the right to receive .2562 shares of Barr
common stock and each outstanding share of Duramed Series G preferred stock will
be converted into the right to receive 5.0632 shares of Barr common stock,
except that Duramed treasury stock and Duramed common stock held by Barr will be
canceled.
Duramed stockholders will receive cash for any fractional shares which
they would otherwise receive in the merger.
The exchange ratio was determined
through arm's-length negotiations between Barr and Duramed.

     
The merger agreement provides that, if between the date of the merger
agreement and the effective time of the merger, the outstanding shares of Barr
common stock are changed into a different number of shares or a different class,
by reason of the occurrence or record date of any stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, exchange of shares or
similar transaction, the exchange

ratio will be appropriately adjusted to reflect such stock dividend,
subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, exchange of
shares or similar transaction.


OWNERSHIP OF BARR FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Based on the number of outstanding shares of Duramed common and preferred
stock on the record date, and assuming the exercise of all outstanding options
and warrants to purchase shares of Duramed common stock, we anticipate that
Duramed stockholders will receive approximately 8,684,714 shares of Barr common
stock in the merger.
Based on that number and on the number of outstanding
shares of Barr common stock on June 30, 2001, Duramed stockholders will own
approximately 20% of the outstanding shares of Barr common stock following the
merger.


CONVERSION OF SHARES; PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

     The conversion of Duramed stock into the right to receive Barr common stock
will occur automatically at the effective time of the merger.
As soon as
reasonably practicable after the completion of the merger, Mellon Investor
Services LLC, the exchange agent, will send a letter of transmittal to each
former Duramed stockholder.
The transmittal letter will contain instructions for
obtaining shares of Barr common stock and cash for any fractional shares of Barr
common stock in exchange for shares of Duramed stock.

     
All shares of Barr common stock issued in exchange for shares of Duramed
stock, including any cash paid instead of any fractional shares of Barr common
stock, will be issued in full satisfaction of all rights relating to such shares
of Duramed stock.

     
No fractional shares of Barr common stock will be issued to any Duramed
stockholder upon surrender of certificates previously representing Duramed
stock.
The amount of cash for any fractional share a Duramed stockholder would
otherwise receive will be calculated by multiplying the fractional share
interest to which that stockholder is entitled by the closing price of Barr
common stock on the last trading day before the date on which the merger is
completed as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions
Tape.


DURAMED STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED
PROXY

     After the effective time of the merger, each certificate that previously
represented shares of Duramed stock will no longer be outstanding, automatically
will be canceled and retired, will cease to exist and will represent only the
right to receive the Barr common stock into which such shares are converted in
the merger and the right to receive cash for any fractional shares of Barr
common stock as described above.

     
Until holders of certificates previously representing Duramed stock have
surrendered those certificates to the exchange agent for exchange, those holders
will not receive any dividends or distributions on the Barr common stock into
which such shares have been converted with a record date after the effective
time of the merger and will not receive cash for any fractional shares of Barr
common stock.
When holders surrender such certificates, they will receive any
dividends with a record date after the effective time of the merger and a
payment date on or prior to the date of surrender and any cash for fractional
shares of Barr common stock, in each case without interest.

     
In the event of a transfer of ownership of Duramed stock that is not
registered in the transfer records of Duramed, a certificate representing the
proper number of shares of Barr common stock may be issued to a person other
than the person in whose name the certificate so surrendered is registered if:

     - such certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper form for
       transfer and

     - the person requesting such exchange pays any transfer or other taxes
       resulting from the issuance of shares of Barr common stock to a person
       other than the registered holder of such certificate.


STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF BARR COMMON STOCK

     It is a condition to the completion of the merger that the Barr common
stock issuable to:

     - Duramed stockholders in the merger;

     - holders of options to acquire shares of Duramed common stock, which will
       be converted into options to acquire shares of Barr common stock, upon
       exercise of such options; and

     - holders of warrants to purchase common stock of Duramed, to be assumed by
       Barr, upon exercise of such warrants

have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
official notice of issuance.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF DURAMED COMMON STOCK

     If the merger is completed, Duramed common stock will be delisted from the
Nasdaq National Market and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     
In the opinion of Winston & Strawn, tax counsel to Barr, and Taft,
Stettinius & Hollister LLP, tax counsel to Duramed, the following is a summary
of the material United States federal income tax consequences of the merger to
holders of Duramed stock who exchange their shares of Duramed stock for shares
of Barr common stock and, as applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares of
Barr common stock.
This discussion addresses only such stockholders who hold
their Duramed stock as a capital asset, and does not address all of the United
States federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to particular
stockholders in light of their individual circumstances or to stockholders who
are subject to special rules, such as holders who are subject to alternative
minimum tax provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, financial institutions,
tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, mutual funds, dealers in
securities or foreign currencies, foreign holders, persons who hold such shares
as a hedge against currency risk, or as part of a constructive sale or
conversion transaction or straddle, holders whose shares are qualified small
business stock for purposes of Sections 1202 and 1045 of the Internal Revenue
Code or holders who acquired their shares upon the exercise of employee stock
options or otherwise as compensation.
The following discussion is not binding on
the Internal Revenue Service.
It is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, and
other laws, regulations, rulings and decisions in effect as of the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly
with retroactive effect.
United States federal estate tax consequences and tax
consequences under state, local and foreign laws are not addressed.

     
THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL
POTENTIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES.
IN ADDITION, THE
DISCUSSION DOES NOT ADDRESS TAX CONSEQUENCES WHICH MAY VARY WITH, OR ARE
CONTINGENT ON, YOUR INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
HOLDERS OF DURAMED STOCK ARE
STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR
CIRCUMSTANCES.

     
No ruling has been, or will be, sought from the Internal Revenue Service as
to the United States federal income tax consequences of the merger.
It is a
condition to the completion of the merger that Barr receive an opinion of its
tax counsel, Winston & Strawn, and that Duramed receive an opinion from its tax
counsel, Taft, Stettinius & Hollister LLP, that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
The issuance of such opinions will be conditioned on customary assumptions
and representations made by Barr, Merger Sub and Duramed.
An opinion of counsel
is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or a court.
As a result, neither
Barr nor

Duramed can assure you that the tax considerations and opinions contained in
this discussion will not be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service or
sustained by a court if challenged.

     Effect of Qualification as a Reorganization; Exchange of Duramed Stock for
Barr Common Stock

     Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code,

     - each Duramed stockholder who exchanges Duramed stock for Barr common
       stock in the merger will not recognize gain or loss, except with respect
       to cash, if any, that such stockholder receives in lieu of a fractional
       share of Barr common stock;

     - each Duramed stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the Barr common stock
       received in the merger will be the same as such stockholder's aggregate
       tax basis in the Duramed stock surrendered in the merger, decreased by
       the amount of any tax basis allocable to any fractional share interest
       for which cash is received;

     - the holding period of the Barr common stock received in the merger by
       each Duramed stockholder will include the holding period of the Duramed
       stock that such stockholder surrendered in the merger; and

     - each Duramed stockholder who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share
       of Barr common stock will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
       between the amount of cash received and such stockholder's tax basis in
       the Duramed stock surrendered for the fractional share.

     
Backup Withholding

     Certain noncorporate holders of Duramed stock may be subject to backup
withholding at a 31% rate on amounts received in exchange for their Duramed
stock.
Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a stockholder who (1)
furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that he or she
is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form W-9 or successor
form included in the letter of transmittal that will be mailed to Duramed
stockholders by the exchange agent shortly after completion of the merger, (2)
provides a certification of foreign status on Form W-8BEN or successor form or
(3) is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.


REGULATORY MATTERS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and related rules,
certain transactions, including the merger, may not be completed unless certain
waiting period requirements have been satisfied.
On July 24, 2001, Barr and
Duramed each filed a Notification and Report Form with the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission.
Barr and Duramed
have requested early termination of the waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.
At any time the Antitrust
Division, the Federal Trade Commission or others could take action under the
antitrust laws, including seeking to prevent the merger, to rescind the merger
or to conditionally approve the merger upon the divestiture of substantial
assets of Barr or Duramed.
There can be no assurance that a challenge to the
merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made,
that it would not be successful.

     
It is possible that any of the governmental entities with which filings are
made may seek, as conditions for granting approval of the merger, various
regulatory concessions.
There can be no assurance that:

     - Barr or Duramed will be willing or able to satisfy or comply with such
       conditions;

     - compliance or non-compliance will not have adverse consequences on Barr
       after completion of the merger or

     - the required regulatory approvals will be obtained within the time frame
       contemplated by Barr and referred to in this joint proxy
       statement/prospectus or on terms that will be satisfactory to Barr and
       Duramed.

     
See "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to the Completion of the Merger.
"

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, holders of Duramed common stock are not entitled to
appraisal rights in connection with the merger because, on the record date,
Duramed common stock was listed on the Nasdaq National Market and will be
converted into shares of Barr common stock, which at the effective time of the
merger will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


DURAMED EMPLOYEE BENEFITS MATTERS

     Barr will honor all existing employment, severance, consulting and salary
continuation agreements between Duramed and its officers, directors, employees
or consultants.
In addition, each Duramed employee will be given credit for all
service with Duramed under all employee benefit plans, programs, policies and
arrangements maintained by Duramed or Barr, as the case may be, after the
effective time in which they participate or in which they become participants
for all purposes (other than accrual of benefits) but only to the extent such
service would be taken into account under the plan, program policy or
arrangement of Duramed or Barr, as the case may be, after the effective time,
without regard to whether vesting a portion of the account benefit is based upon
or calculated with respect to years of service under any qualified,
non-qualified pension or retirement plan and each welfare benefit plan.
All pre-
existing conditions and exclusions (to the extent such conditions or exclusions
are covered under Duramed's plans) shall be waived.
All expenses incurred by any
employee for deductibles and co-payments in the portion of the year prior to the
date an employee first became a participant in such plan shall be credited to
the benefit of such employee under such plan in the year in which such
employee's participation commenced.


EFFECT ON AWARDS OUTSTANDING UNDER DURAMED STOCK PLANS

     Each option to purchase Duramed common stock granted under any of Duramed's
stock option plans, which is outstanding immediately prior to the merger, will
vest as of the effective time of the merger and will be assumed by Barr.
Such
assumed stock options will be deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on the
same terms and conditions as were applicable under the Duramed stock option plan
under which the option was granted, the number of shares of Barr common stock as
the holder of the stock option would have been entitled to receive pursuant to
the merger had the holder exercised the option in full immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger at a price per share of Barr common stock equal to:

     - the aggregate exercise price for Duramed common stock purchasable
       pursuant to the option divided by

     - the conversion ratio for Duramed common stock.

     
After the effective time of the merger, Barr will comply with the terms of
the assumed Duramed stock option plans and the agreements governing any assumed
Duramed stock options.


RESALE OF STOCK

     Barr common stock issued in the merger will not be subject to any
restrictions on transfer arising under the Securities Act, except for shares
issued to any Duramed stockholder who may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of
Duramed or Barr for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or for
purposes of qualifying the merger for pooling of interests accounting treatment.

Each such affiliate has agreed not to transfer any Barr common stock received in
the merger except in compliance with the resale provisions of Rule 144 or 145
under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.

Each such affiliate has also agreed not to make any disposition of Duramed stock
within 30 days prior to completion

of the merger, and any disposition of Barr common stock until after such time as
financial results covering at least 30 days of combined operations of Barr and
Duramed after the merger have been published.
The affiliates of Barr have agreed
to similar restrictions on the disposition of Barr common stock currently owned
by them within 30 days prior to completion of the merger and until after such
time as financial results covering at least 30 days of combined operations of
Barr and Duramed after the merger have been published.
This joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not cover resales of Barr common stock received by any
person upon completion of the merger, and no person is authorized to make any
use of this joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any such resale.


OPINION OF BARR'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     In June 2001, Barr retained Banc of America Securities to act as its
financial advisor in connection with the merger.
Banc of America Securities is
an internationally recognized investment banking firm and regularly engages in
the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiates underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
Barr selected Banc of America Securities to act as its financial
advisor on the basis of Banc of America Securities' experience and expertise in
transactions similar to the merger, its reputation in the healthcare industry,
its familiarity with Barr's business and its long-standing working relationship
with Barr.

     
In connection with Banc of America Securities' engagement, Barr requested
that Banc of America Securities evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to Barr of the common stock exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

Barr did not limit the investigations made or procedures followed by Banc of
America Securities in rendering its opinion.
On June 28, 2001, at a meeting of
the Barr board of directors held to evaluate the merger, Banc of America
Securities delivered to the Barr board of directors its oral opinion, which
opinion was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated June
28, 2001, that, as of that date, and based on and subject to the matters
described in the opinion, the common stock exchange ratio provided for in the
merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to Barr.

     
The full text of Banc of America Securities' written opinion to the Barr
board of directors which sets forth, among other things, the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex 2, and is incorporated into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference.
Holders of Barr common stock are encouraged
to, and should, read this opinion carefully and in its entirety.
The following
summary of Banc of America Securities' opinion is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.

     
Banc of America Securities' opinion is addressed to the Barr board of
directors and relates only to the fairness of the common stock exchange ratio
provided for in the merger, from a financial point of view, to Barr.
Banc of
America Securities' opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger or
any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder as to how the stockholders of Barr or Duramed should vote at the
stockholder meetings held in connection with the merger.
In furnishing its
opinion, Banc of America Securities does not admit that it is an expert within
the meaning of the term "expert" as used in the Securities Act, nor does Banc of
America Securities admit that its opinion constitutes a report or valuation
within the meaning of the Securities Act.
Statements to this effect are included
in Banc of America Securities' opinion.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Banc of America Securities:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of Barr and Duramed;

     - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data concerning Barr and Duramed;

     - analyzed certain financial forecasts prepared by the managements of Barr
       and Duramed;

     - discussed the past and current operations, financial condition and
       prospects of Barr with senior executives of Barr and discussed the past
       and current operations, financial condition and prospects of Duramed with
       senior executives of Duramed;

     - reviewed and discussed with senior executives of Barr and Duramed
       information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational
       benefits anticipated from the merger prepared by the management of Barr;

     - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger on Barr's earnings
       per share, cash flow, consolidated capitalization and financial ratios;

     - reviewed and considered in the analysis, information prepared by members
       of senior management of Barr and Duramed relating to the relative
       contributions of Barr and Duramed to the combined company;

     - reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Barr common stock
       and Duramed common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Barr and Duramed and the prices and
       trading activity of Barr common stock and Duramed common stock with that
       of other publicly traded companies which Banc of America Securities
       deemed relevant;

     - compared financial terms of the merger to financial terms, to the extent
       publicly available, of other business combination transactions which Banc
       of America Securities deemed relevant;

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       Barr and Duramed and their financial and legal advisors;

     - reviewed the June 28, 2001 draft of the merger agreement and certain
       related documents; and

     - performed other analyses and considered other factors as Banc of America
       Securities deemed appropriate.

     
Banc of America Securities did not assume any responsibility to
independently verify the financial or other information, including the
information listed above, that it reviewed for purposes of its opinion.
Instead,
Banc of America Securities relied on that information as being accurate and
complete.
Banc of America Securities also made the following assumptions without
independent verification or investigation:

     - with respect to the financial forecasts, including information relating
       to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from
       the merger, that they had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting
       the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the
       future financial performance of Barr and Duramed;

     - with respect to Barr's estimates relating to certain strategic, financial
       and operational benefits anticipated from the merger (which Banc of
       America Securities relied on), that such benefits will be realized;

     - that the definitive merger agreement would be identical in all material
       respects to the June 28, 2001 draft merger agreement and that the merger
       will be completed as provided in such draft merger agreement, with full
       satisfaction of all covenants and conditions without any waivers thereof;

     - that, in connection with the receipt of all the necessary regulatory
       approvals for the merger, no restrictions will be imposed that would have
       a material adverse effect on the contemplated benefits of the merger;

     - that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization within the
       meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

     - that the merger will be accounted for as a pooling of interests in
       accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

     
In addition, for purposes of its opinion, Banc of America Securities was
not requested to make, and did not make or receive, any independent valuation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Duramed or
Barr.
Banc of America Securities' opinion was necessarily based on financial,
economic, market and other conditions in effect on, and the information made
available to it as of, the date of its opinion.
Accordingly, although subsequent
developments may affect its opinion, Banc of America Securities did not assume
any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.
Banc of America
Securities did not express any opinion as to what the value of Barr common stock
will be when issued to Duramed's stockholders pursuant to the merger or the
prices at which shares of Barr common stock will trade subsequent to the merger.

     
The following summary is merely a summary of the analyses and examinations
that Banc of America Securities considered to be material to its opinion.
It is
not a comprehensive description of all analyses and examinations actually
conducted by Banc of America Securities.
The preparation of a fairness opinion
is a complex process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate
and relevant methods of financial analyses and the application of those methods
to the particular circumstances.
Therefore, the preparation of a fairness
opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.

In arriving at its opinion, Banc of America Securities made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that
it considered.
Accordingly, Banc of America Securities believes that selecting
portions of its analyses and factors considered or focusing on the information
presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the
narrative description of the analyses, would create an incomplete view of the
process underlying its analyses and opinion.
Banc of America Securities did not
assign any specific weight to any of the analyses described below.
The fact that
any specific analysis has been referred to in the summary below is not meant to
indicate that such analysis was given greater weight than any other analysis.

Accordingly, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis
described below should not be interpreted as Banc of America Securities' view of
the actual value of either Barr or Duramed.

     
In performing its analyses, Banc of America Securities considered industry
performance, regulatory, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Duramed
and Barr.
No company, transaction or business used in Banc of America
Securities' analyses as a comparison is identical to Duramed or Barr or the
merger.
Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not
entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and
other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values
of the companies, business segments or transactions being analyzed.
The
estimates contained in Banc of America Securities' analyses and the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the analyses.
The
analyses were prepared solely as part of Banc of America Securities' analysis of
the financial fairness of the common stock exchange ratio and were provided to
the board of directors of Barr in connection with the delivery of Banc of
America Securities' opinion.
The analyses relating to the value of companies,
businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which companies or businesses might actually be sold or the prices at
which any securities may trade at any time in the future.
Accordingly, Banc of
America Securities analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty.

     
HISTORICAL STOCK TRADING ANALYSIS.  
Banc of America Securities reviewed the
average trading price for shares of Duramed common stock for the month of May
2001 and the closing price of Duramed common stock on June 26, 2001.
In
addition, Banc of America Securities analyzed the consideration to be received
by the holders of Duramed common stock, based on the 0.2562 exchange ratio and
the average closing price of Barr common stock for the last 20 trading days
prior to June 26,

2001 of $72.64.
This analysis indicated that the consideration per share of
Duramed common stock to be received by holders of Duramed common stock in the
merger represented:

     - a premium of 12.2% to the closing price of Duramed common stock on June
       26, 2001; and

     - a premium of 83.8% to the average closing price of Duramed common stock
       for the month of May 2001.

     ANALYSIS OF SELECTED PUBLIC COMPANIES.  
Banc of America Securities compared
selected financial, operating and stock market data of Duramed and Barr to
corresponding data of the following publicly traded companies in the generic
pharmaceutical industry:

     - IVAX Corporation

     - Mylan Laboratories Inc.

     - SICOR, Inc.

     - Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.

     - Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.

     - Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

     These companies were chosen for comparison because they are publicly traded
companies with operating characteristics that Banc of America Securities
considered similar to those of Duramed and Barr.
Based on public and other
available information for each company, Banc of America Securities calculated
aggregate value, which Banc of America Securities defined as diluted equity
market value, plus total debt, less cash and cash equivalents, as a multiple of
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, commonly
referred to as EBITDA, for the last twelve months (LTM).
Banc of America
Securities also compared price to earnings (P/E) multiples using estimated net
income for calendar years 2001, 2002 and 2003.
This analysis indicated the
ranges and means for multiples as set forth below, and Banc of America
Securities compared this information to the multiples for Duramed and Barr.

                                                                               CALENDAR YEAR P/E
                                                    AGGREGATE VALUE    ---------------------------------
                                                    AS A MULTIPLE OF     2001        2002        2003
                                                     LTM EBITDA(1)     ESTIMATED   ESTIMATED   ESTIMATED
                                                    ----------------   ---------   ---------   ---------

High..............................................        46.8x           49.5x       33.7x       29.6x
Low...............................................        
15.8x           21.3x       16.5x       14.9x
Mean..............................................        
28.2x           32.9x       26.1x       21.5x
Median............................................        24.0x           33.4x       27.8x       21.8x
Duramed Management(2).............................        
46.6x           42.3x        9.8x        7.2x
Modified Duramed(2)...............................        
46.6x           53.2x       32.7x        9.8x
Barr w/Fluoxetine (Wall Street)...................        
23.3x           23.3x       16.5x       14.9x
Barr w/o Fluoxetine (Wall Street).................        23.3x           38.1x       25.3x       17.3x

- ---------------
(1) LTM data is historical and therefore reflects actual results.


(2) Duramed multiples are based on the implied aggregate value (for LTM EBITDA)
    and the implied equity value per share (for earnings) of Duramed at
    announcement of the transaction.

     
Banc of America Securities then applied a range of selected multiples of
LTM EBITDA and estimated net income for calendar years 2001, 2002 and 2003
derived from the selected companies to corresponding financial data of Duramed.

This analysis indicated an implied per share equity reference range for Duramed
of $16.00 to $44.00 based on projections provided by Duramed management on June
11, 2001 at Duramed's management presentation to Barr management, (the "Duramed
Management Case") and $12.00 to $32.00 based on modified Duramed management
projections, which represented Barr management's best estimate of Duramed's
future financial performance

(the "Modified Duramed Case"), as compared to the per share equity value for
Duramed implied by the exchange ratio based on the average closing price of Barr
common stock for the 20 trading days prior to June 26, 2001 of $18.61.
Equity
values were calculated based on closing stock prices on June 26, 2001.
Estimated
financial data for the selected comparable companies were based on publicly
available information with respect to LTM EBITDA and Wall Street research
analyst consensus estimates with respect to 2001, 2002 and 2003 earnings per
share.
Estimated financial data for Duramed was based on both the Duramed
Management Case and the Modified Duramed Case.
Estimated financial data for Barr
was based on Wall Street research analyst consensus estimates, including and
excluding the impact of Fluoxetine.

     
ANALYSIS OF SELECTED ACQUISITIONS.  
Using publicly available information,
Banc of America Securities reviewed the purchase prices and implied transaction
multiples in the following ten acquisition transactions in the generic and
specialty pharmaceutical industries announced since September 1997:

      ANNOUNCEMENT
          DATE                           ACQUIROR                              TARGET
      ------------                       --------                              ------

        09/29/97           F.H. Faulding & Co. Limited           Faulding Inc.
        05/07/98           Alpharma Inc.                         Cox Pharmaceuticals
        05/18/98           Cardinal Health, Inc.                 RP Scherer Corporation
        07/26/99           Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc       Roberts Pharmaceutical Corporation
        08/10/99           Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd.  Copley Pharmaceutical, Inc.
        12/01/99           King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            Medco Research, Inc.
        05/25/00           Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.          Schein Pharmaceutical, Inc.
        07/13/00           King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            Jones Pharma Incorporated
        09/11/00           Elan Corporation, plc                 Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
        03/27/01           Johnson & Johnson                     ALZA Corporation

     Each transaction was selected because Banc of America Securities believed
the acquired company has similar operating characteristics to those of Duramed
and because the transaction was relatively recent.

     
Banc of America Securities reviewed the aggregate value as of the
announcement of the transaction, which Banc of America Securities defined as
diluted equity market value at the purchase price, plus total debt, less cash
and cash equivalents, in each of the selected acquisitions as a multiple of LTM
EBITDA, and also reviewed the acquired company's equity value as of the
announcement of the transaction as a multiple of estimated net income for the
first and second projected fiscal years as of the date of the transaction.
Based
on these calculations, Banc of America Securities noted the ranges for, and
median of the multiples in each of, the selected acquisitions as summarized in
the following table and compared these multiples to those for Duramed.

                                       
AGGREGATE VALUE AT
                                        ANNOUNCEMENT OF                EQUITY VALUE
AT ANNOUNCEMENT
                                          TRANSACTION                 OF TRANSACTION AS A MULTIPLE OF
                                       ------------------    -------------------------------------------------
                                         AS A MULTIPLE       FIRST PROJECTED FISCAL    SECOND PROJECTED FISCAL
                                         OF LTM EBITDA          YEAR NET INCOME            YEAR NET INCOME
                                       ------------------    ----------------------    -----------------------

High.................................         30.9x                   51.9x                      42.6x
Low..................................         14.8x                   20.1x                      16.5x
Mean.................................         21.7x                   37.9x                      30.9x
Median...............................         19.3x                   38.3x                      30.7x
Duramed Management...................         46.6x                   42.3x                       9.8x
Modified Duramed.....................         46.6x                   53.2x                      32.7x

     Banc of America Securities then applied a range of selected multiples to
LTM EBITDA and first and second projected fiscal year net income derived from
the comparable transactions to corresponding

financial data of Duramed.
This analysis indicated an implied per share equity
reference range for Duramed of $15.00 to $45.00 based on the Duramed Management
Case and $11.00 to $20.00 based on the Modified Duramed Case, as compared to the
per share equity value for Duramed implied by the exchange ratio based on the
average closing price of Barr common stock for the 20 trading days prior to June
26, 2001 of $18.61.
All multiples for the selected transactions were based on
financial information publicly available at the time of the announcement of the
relevant transaction.

     
ANALYSIS OF SELECTED ACQUISITION PREMIUMS.  
Using publicly available
information, Banc of America Securities analyzed the premiums paid in 114
stock-for-stock transactions completed since January 1, 1998, with transaction
values between $350 and $750 million as well as 30 stock-for-stock healthcare
transactions completed since January 1, 1998, with transaction values between
$250 million and $1 billion.
For each of the selected transactions, Banc of
America Securities reviewed the premiums (represented by the purchase price over
the market price of the acquired company's stock) paid in each transaction based
on the acquired company's stock price for the one day, one-week and one-month
periods prior to public announcement of the transaction.
Banc of America
Securities then applied a range of selected premiums derived from the selected
transactions to the average stock prices of Duramed common stock for
corresponding periods prior to June 26, 2001.
This analysis indicated an implied
per share equity reference range for Duramed of $16.00-$19.00, as compared to
the per share equity value for Duramed implied by the exchange ratio based on
the average closing price of Barr common stock for the 20 trading days prior to
June 26, 2001 of $18.61.

     
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
Banc of America Securities performed a
discounted cash flow analysis in order to estimate the present value of the sum
of Duramed's estimated future stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows
plus its perpetuity value, which was derived from estimated calendar year 2005
unlevered, after-tax free cash flow with implied perpetuity growth rates ranging
from 2.0% to 6.0%.
Banc of America Securities performed its analysis for Duramed
using two scenarios, the Duramed Management Case and the Modified Duramed Case.

Cash flows were discounted at rates ranging from 11.0% to 13.0%.
This analysis
indicated an implied per share equity reference range for Duramed of $38.00 to
$47.00 based on the Duramed Management Case and $17.00-$21.00 based on the
Modified Duramed Case, as compared to the per share equity value for Duramed
implied by the exchange ratio based on the average closing price of Barr common
stock for the 20 trading days prior to June 26, 2001 of $18.61.

     CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS.  
Banc of America Securities estimated the
contribution of each of Barr and Duramed to the pro forma combined company with
respect to EBITDA and net income for fiscal years ending June 30, 2002, 2003 and
2004, based on projections provided by Barr management (the Barr "Management
Base Case"), which includes the impact of Fluoxetine, and both the Duramed
Management Case and the Modified Duramed Case.
In addition, Banc of America
Securities estimated the contribution of each of Barr and Duramed to the pro
forma combined company with respect to net income for fiscal years 2002, 2003
and 2004, based on Wall Street research analyst consensus estimates for Barr,
excluding the impact of Fluoxetine, and both the Duramed Management Case and the
Modified Duramed Case.
Banc of America Securities also included the contribution
of cost savings and other potential synergies to the pro forma company with
respect to EBITDA and net income for fiscal years 2002, 2003 and 2004 based on
Barr management's estimates of the strategic, financial and operational benefits
of the merger, for which Barr received no credit in this analysis.
The analysis
indicated that Barr would contribute to the EBITDA and net income of the
combined company as set forth in the following table:

                                         BARR CONTRIBUTION BASED ON                BARR CONTRIBUTION BASED ON
                                        MODIFIED DURAMED PROJECTIONS             DURAMED MANAGEMENT PROJECTIONS
                                   ---------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------
                                   FISCAL 2002   FISCAL 2003   FISCAL 2004   FISCAL 2002   FISCAL 2003   FISCAL 2004
                                   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

EBITDA (Barr Management).........     89.7%         74.7%         69.0%         82.7%         65.2%         58.4%
Net Income Barr Management.......     92.8%         75.7%         68.9%         85.1%         65.1%         57.3%
Wall Street Consensus (without
  Fluoxetine)....................     
85.0%         71.6%         65.5%         71.4%         60.1%         53.5%

     Banc of America Securities then compared these percentages to the pro forma
share ownership of Barr shareholders in the combined company implied by the
merger, based on the average closing price of Barr common stock for the 20
trading days prior to June 26, 2001.
Banc of America Securities noted that, on a
pro forma basis, the implied ownership of Barr shareholders in the combined
company on a diluted basis was 82%.

     
PRO FORMA MERGER ANALYSIS.  
Banc of America Securities prepared a pro forma
analysis of the financial impact of the merger on Barr, including cost savings
and other potential synergies based on Barr management's estimates of the
strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger.
Banc
of America Securities performed this analysis using the Barr Management Base
Case (which includes the impact of Fluoxetine) and both the Duramed Management
Case and the Modified Duramed Case.
In addition, Banc of America Securities
performed this analysis using Wall Street research analyst consensus estimates
for Barr, excluding the impact of Fluoxetine, and both the Duramed Management
Case and the Modified Duramed Case.
Based on Wall Street research analysts
consensus estimates for Barr for fiscal years 2002, 2003 and 2004, excluding the
impact of Fluoxetine, and the Modified Duramed Case, the merger would be neutral
to holders of Barr common stock in 2002 and accretive to them thereafter.
Based
on Wall Street research analysts consensus estimates for Barr for fiscal years
2002, 2003 and 2004, excluding the impact of Fluoxetine, and the Duramed
Management Case, the merger would be accretive to holders of Barr common stock
in 2002 and thereafter.
Based on the Barr Management Base Case for fiscal years
2002, 2003 and 2004, which includes the impact of Fluoxetine, and both the
Duramed Management Case and the Modified Duramed Case, the merger would be
dilutive to holders of Barr common stock in 2002 and accretive to them
thereafter.

     
Banc of America Securities' opinion and the financial analyses described
above were among the many factors considered by the board of directors of Barr
in its evaluation of the merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the
views of the board of directors of Barr or its management with respect to the
merger or the common stock exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

     
Under an engagement letter dated June 19, 2001, Barr has agreed to pay Banc
of America Securities for its financial advisory services in connection with the
merger a fee of up to $3.5 million upon completion of the merger.
The board of
directors of Barr was aware of this fee structure and took it into account in
considering Banc of America Securities opinion and in approving the merger.
The
engagement letter also calls for Barr to reimburse Banc of America Securities
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable fees and
expenses of Banc of America Securities' legal counsel, and to indemnify Banc of
America Securities and related parties against liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement.

     
Banc of America Securities and its affiliates have in the past performed
certain financial advisory and financing services for Barr and Duramed and have
received customary fees for those services.
In the ordinary course of business,
Banc of America Securities and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and
equity securities of Duramed and Barr for their own accounts and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short
positions in those securities.


OPINION OF DURAMED'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     On June 28, 2001, at a meeting of the Duramed board of directors held to
evaluate the proposed merger, UBS Warburg delivered to the Duramed board of
directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written
opinion dated June 29, 2001, the date of the merger agreement, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to various
assumptions, matters considered and limitations described in the opinion, the
common stock exchange ratio provided for in the merger was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Duramed common stock.

     
The full text of UBS Warburg's opinion describes the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken
by UBS Warburg.
This opinion is attached as Annex 3 and is incorporated into
this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference.
UBS WARBURG'S OPINION IS
DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, OF THE COMMON
STOCK EXCHANGE RATIO PROVIDED

FOR IN THE MERGER AND DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE MERGER OR ANY
RELATED TRANSACTION.
THE OPINION DOES NOT ADDRESS DURAMED'S UNDERLYING BUSINESS
DECISION TO EFFECT THE MERGER OR CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF
COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW TO VOTE WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTERS RELATING TO THE
PROPOSED MERGER.
HOLDERS OF DURAMED COMMON STOCK ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ THIS
OPINION CAREFULLY IN ITS ENTIRETY.
The summary of UBS Warburg's opinion
described below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
its opinion.

     
In arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg:

     - reviewed current and historical market prices and trading volumes of
       Duramed common stock and Barr common stock;

     - reviewed publicly available business and historical financial information
       relating to Duramed and Barr;

     - reviewed internal financial information and other data relating to
       Duramed's and Barr's businesses and financial prospects and the potential
       cost savings and other synergies anticipated to result from the merger,
       including estimates and financial forecasts relating to Duramed and Barr,
       that Duramed and Barr provided to or discussed with UBS Warburg and were
       not publicly available;

     - conducted discussions with members of Duramed's and Barr's senior
       managements;

     - reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect
       to other companies in lines of businesses that UBS Warburg believed to be
       generally comparable to those of Duramed and Barr;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the publicly available
       financial terms of other transactions which UBS Warburg believed to be
       generally relevant;

     - considered the pro forma financial impact of the merger on Barr;

     - reviewed the merger agreement; and

     - conducted other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and
       considered other information, as UBS Warburg deemed necessary or
       appropriate.

     
In connection with its review, with Duramed's consent, UBS Warburg did not
assume any responsibility for independent verification of any of the information
that UBS Warburg was provided or reviewed for the purpose of its opinion and,
with Duramed's consent, UBS Warburg relied on that information being complete
and accurate in all material respects.
In addition, at Duramed's direction, UBS
Warburg did not make any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Duramed or Barr, and was not
furnished with any evaluation or appraisal.

     
With respect to the financial forecasts and estimates that it reviewed, UBS
Warburg assumed, at the direction of Duramed regarding the financial forecasts
and estimates relating to Duramed and at the direction of Barr regarding the
financial forecasts and estimates relating to Barr, that they were reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the managements of Duramed and Barr as to the future financial
performance of each of their companies and the potential cost savings and other
synergies anticipated to result from the merger, including the amount, timing
and achievability of those synergies.
UBS Warburg also relied, without
independent verification, on the assessments of Duramed's and Barr's managements
as to the existing and future products of Duramed and Barr and the risks
associated with those products.

     
UBS Warburg assumed, at Duramed's direction, that the merger would qualify
as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes and would be
accounted for as a pooling of interests transaction for financial accounting
purposes.
UBS Warburg also assumed, with Duramed's consent, that all
governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the
completion of the merger would be obtained without any material adverse effect
on Duramed, Barr or the merger.
UBS Warburg's

opinion is necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions
existing, and information available to UBS Warburg, on the date of its opinion.

     
At Duramed's direction, UBS Warburg was not asked to, and it did not, offer
any opinion as to the terms of the merger agreement or the form of the merger.

UBS Warburg expressed no opinion as to the value of Barr common stock when
issued in the merger or the prices at which Barr common stock will trade at any
time.
In connection with its engagement, UBS Warburg was not requested to, and
it did not, solicit third party indications of interest in the acquisition of
all or a part of Duramed.
In rendering its opinion, UBS Warburg assumed, at
Duramed's direction, that each of Duramed and Barr would comply with all
material covenants and agreements contained in, and other material terms of, the
merger agreement and that the merger would be completed in accordance with its
terms, without waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition
or agreement.
Duramed imposed no other instructions or limitations on UBS
Warburg with respect to the investigations made or the procedures followed by
UBS Warburg in rendering its opinion.

     
In connection with rendering its opinion to Duramed's board of directors,
UBS Warburg performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses which are
summarized below.
The following summary is not a complete description of all of
the analyses performed and factors considered by UBS Warburg in connection with
its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process
involving subjective judgments and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description.
With respect to the analysis of selected
publicly traded companies and the analysis of selected transactions summarized
below, no company or transaction used as a comparison is either identical or
directly comparable to Duramed, Barr or the merger.
These analyses necessarily
involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading or
acquisition values of the companies concerned.

     
UBS Warburg believes that its analyses and the summary below must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or
focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying UBS Warburg's
analyses and opinion.
None of the analyses performed by UBS Warburg was assigned
greater significance by UBS Warburg than any other.
UBS Warburg arrived at its
ultimate opinion based on the results of all analyses undertaken by it and
assessed as a whole.
UBS Warburg did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or
with regard to any one factor or method of analysis.

     
The estimates of Duramed's and Barr's future performance provided by
Duramed's and Barr's managements in or underlying UBS Warburg's analyses are not
necessarily indicative of future results or values, which may be significantly
more or less favorable than those estimates.
In performing its analyses, UBS
Warburg considered industry performance, general business and economic
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond Duramed's and Barr's
control.
Estimates of the financial value of companies do not necessarily
purport to be appraisals or reflect the prices at which companies actually may
be sold.

     
The exchange ratio provided for in the merger was determined through
negotiation between Duramed and Barr and the decision to enter into the merger
was solely that of Duramed's board of directors.
UBS Warburg's opinion and
financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by Duramed's board
of directors in its evaluation of the merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of Duramed's board of directors or management with
respect to the merger or the exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by UBS Warburg and reviewed with Duramed's board of directors in
connection with its opinion dated June 29, 2001.
THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES
SUMMARIZED BELOW INCLUDE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN TABULAR FORMAT.
IN ORDER TO
FULLY UNDERSTAND UBS WARBURG'S FINANCIAL ANALYSES, THE TABLES MUST BE READ
TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.
THE TABLES ALONE DO NOT CONSTITUTE A
COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES.
CONSIDERING THE DATA BELOW
WITHOUT CONSIDERING THE FULL NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES,

INCLUDING THE METHODOLOGIES AND ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THE ANALYSES, COULD
CREATE A MISLEADING OR INCOMPLETE VIEW OF UBS WARBURG'S FINANCIAL ANALYSES.

  
Analysis of Selected Public Companies.

     Duramed.  
UBS Warburg compared selected financial information and operating
statistics for Duramed with corresponding financial information and operating
statistics of the following 17 selected publicly held companies in the specialty
pharmaceutical and generic pharmaceutical industries:

  SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICAL              GENERIC PHARMACEUTICAL
  ------------------------              ----------------------

  Allergan, Inc.                        Andrx Corporation
  Elan Corporation, plc                 Biovail Corporation
  Forest Laboratories, Inc.             Galen Holdings PLC
  IVAX Corporation                      K-V Pharmaceutical Company
  King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            Mylan Laboratories Inc.
  Medicis Pharmaceutical Corporation    Pharmaceutical Resources, Inc.
  Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc       SICOR Inc.
                                        Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
                                        Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                                        Barr

     UBS Warburg reviewed enterprise values, calculated as equity value, plus
debt, less cash, as multiples of latest 12 months and estimated calendar years
2001 and 2002 net revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, commonly known as EBITDA.
UBS Warburg also reviewed equity values
as a multiple of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002 earnings per share,
commonly known as EPS.
UBS Warburg then compared the multiples derived from the
selected companies with corresponding multiples for Duramed based on the closing
price of Duramed common stock on June 27, 2001 and as implied in the merger
based on the common stock exchange ratio and the closing price of Barr common
stock on June 27, 2001.
Multiples for the selected companies also were based on
closing stock prices on June 27, 2001.
Estimated financial data for the selected
companies were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates,
excluding, in the case of Barr, the impact of estimated Fluoxetine sales and
earnings for fiscal year 2002.
Estimated financial data for Duramed were based
on internal estimates of Duramed's management as prepared for the Duramed board
of directors.
This analysis indicated the following implied low, mean, median
and high enterprise and equity value multiples for the selected companies, as
compared to the multiples for Duramed based on the closing price of Duramed
common stock on June 27, 2001 and as implied in the merger based on the common
stock exchange ratio and the closing price of Barr common stock on June 27,
2001:

                                                                                         IMPLIED MULTIPLES
                                                                                         OF DURAMED BASED
                                                                     IMPLIED MULTIPLES       ON COMMON
                                                                     OF DURAMED BASED     STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                                     ON CLOSING PRICE    RATIO AND CLOSING
                                                                        OF DURAMED         PRICE OF BARR
                                  IMPLIED MULTIPLES OF SELECTED        COMMON STOCK        COMMON STOCK
                                SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES   ON JUNE 27, 2001    ON JUNE 27, 2001
ENTERPRISE VALUE                ----------------------------------   -----------------   -----------------
AS MULTIPLES OF:                 LOW      MEAN    MEDIAN     HIGH
- ----------------                ------   ------   -------   ------

Net Revenue
  Latest 12 months............   
7.0x     10.8     10.4x    14.3x           6.1x                6.6x
  Estimated calendar year
     2001.....................   
6.0x     9.0x      8.8x    12.0x           3.9x                4.2x
  Estimated calendar year
     2002.....................   
5.5x     7.9x      8.1x    10.2x           2.7x                2.9x
EBITDA
  Latest 12 months............  
26.4x    33.5x     34.3x    40.4x          41.8x               45.0x
  Estimated calendar year
     2001.....................  
17.3x    24.9x     24.7x    32.2x          28.9x               31.2x
  Estimated calendar year
     2002.....................  
16.6x    21.2x     21.2x    24.9x          13.6x               14.6x

                                                                                         IMPLIED MULTIPLES
                                                                                         OF DURAMED BASED
                                                                     IMPLIED MULTIPLES       ON COMMON
                                                                     OF DURAMED BASED     STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                                     ON CLOSING PRICE    RATIO AND CLOSING
                                                                        OF DURAMED         PRICE OF BARR
                                  IMPLIED MULTIPLES OF SELECTED        COMMON STOCK        COMMON STOCK
                                SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES   ON JUNE 27, 2001    ON JUNE 27, 2001
EQUITY VALUE                    
----------------------------------   -----------------   -----------------
AS MULTIPLE OF:                  LOW      MEAN    MEDIAN     HIGH
- ---------------                 ------   
------   -------   ------

EPS
  Estimated calendar year
     2001.....................  28.9x    38.3x     38.5x    48.9x          76.9x               83.1x
  Estimated calendar year
     2002.....................  24.3x    31.5x     31.2x    38.2x          27.4x               29.6x

                                                                                         IMPLIED MULTIPLES
                                                                                         OF DURAMED BASED
                                                                     IMPLIED MULTIPLES       ON COMMON
                                                                     OF DURAMED BASED     STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                                     ON CLOSING PRICE    RATIO AND CLOSING
                                                                        OF DURAMED         PRICE OF BARR
                                  IMPLIED MULTIPLES OF SELECTED        COMMON STOCK        COMMON STOCK
                                 GENERIC PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES    ON JUNE 27, 2001    ON JUNE 27, 2001
ENTERPRISE VALUE                ----------------------------------   -----------------   -----------------
AS MULTIPLES OF:                 LOW      MEAN    MEDIAN     HIGH
- ----------------                ------   ------   -------   
------

Net Revenue
  Latest 12 months............   3.9x     7.8x      7.3x    17.3x           6.1x                6.6x
  Estimated calendar year
     2001.....................   3.5x     6.1x      5.8x    11.5x           3.9x                4.2x
  Estimated calendar year
     2002.....................   
3.1x     4.9x      4.5x     9.4x           2.7x                2.9x
EBITDA
  Latest 12 months............  
16.0x    29.1x     26.5x    44.0x          41.8x               45.0x
  Estimated calendar year
     2001.....................  12.4x    22.0x     20.2x    48.8x          28.9x               31.2x
  Estimated calendar year
     2002.....................  
10.5x    14.5x     13.8x    19.8x          13.6x               14.6x

EQUITY VALUE
AS MULTIPLE OF:
- ------------------------------
EPS
  Estimated calendar year
     2001.....................  22.8x    40.3x     35.4x    90.9x          76.9x               83.1x
  Estimated calendar year
     2002.....................  
19.6x    25.1x     24.5x    31.5x          27.4x               29.6x

     Barr.  
UBS Warburg also compared the multiples derived from the selected
generic pharmaceutical companies with corresponding multiples for Barr.
Multiples for the selected companies were based on closing stock prices on June
27, 2001.
Estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on
publicly available research analysts' estimates.
Estimated financial data for
Barr were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates, excluding
the impact of estimated Fluoxetine sales and earnings for fiscal year 2002.
This
analysis indicated the following implied low and high enterprise and equity
value multiples for the selected generic pharmaceutical companies, as compared
to the multiples for Barr based on the closing price of Barr common stock on
June 27, 2001:

                                                                                  
IMPLIED MULTIPLES
                                                                   IMPLIED        OF BARR BASED ON
                                                                MULTIPLES OF      CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                              SELECTED GENERIC       BARR COMMON
                                                               PHARMACEUTICAL         STOCK ON
                                                                  COMPANIES         JUNE 27, 2001
ENTERPRISE VALUE                                              -----------------   -----------------
AS MULTIPLES OF:                                                LOW      HIGH
- ----------------                                              -------   -------

Net Revenue
  Latest 12 months..........................................    3.9x     17.3x           5.0x
  Estimated calendar year 2001..............................    3.5x     11.5x           4.3x
  Estimated calendar year 2002..............................    
3.1x      9.4x           4.4x
EBITDA
  Latest 12 months..........................................   
16.0x     44.0x          38.7x
  Estimated calendar year 2001..............................   
12.4x     48.8x          21.0x
  Estimated calendar year 2002..............................   
10.5x     19.8x          13.8x

EQUITY VALUE
AS MULTIPLE OF:
- ------------------------------------------------------------
EPS
  Estimated calendar year 2001..............................   22.8x     90.9x          38.0x
  Estimated calendar year 2002..............................   19.6x     31.5x          22.6x

  Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions

     UBS Warburg reviewed implied enterprise and equity values in the following
11 selected transactions in the pharmaceutical industry:

               ACQUIROR                                 TARGET
               --------                                 ------

  Johnson & Johnson                     ALZA Corporation
  Elan Corporation plc                  Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
  Cephalon, Inc.                        Anesta Corp.
  King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            Jones Pharma Incorporated
  Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.          Schein Pharmaceutical, Inc.
  Galen Holdings PLC                    Warner Chilcott Public Limited Company
  Elan Corporation plc                  The Liposome Company, Inc.
  Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc.    Algos Pharmaceutical Corporation
  Teva Pharmaceutical Industries        Copley Pharmaceutical, Inc.
    Ltd.
  Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc       Roberts Pharmaceutical Corporation

     UBS Warburg reviewed enterprise values as multiples of latest 12 months net
revenue and EBITDA.
UBS Warburg reviewed equity values as a multiple of latest
12 months, one-year forward and two-year forward net income.
UBS Warburg then
compared the implied multiples derived from the selected transactions with the
latest 12 months net revenue and EBITDA and latest 12 months and estimated
calendar years 2001 and 2002 net income multiples implied for Duramed in the
merger based on the common stock exchange ratio and the closing price of Barr
common stock on June 27, 2001.
All multiples

for the selected transactions were based on publicly available information at
the time of announcement of the relevant transaction.
Estimated financial data
for Duramed were based on internal estimates of Duramed's management as prepared
for the Duramed board of directors.
This analysis indicated the following
implied low, mean, median and high enterprise and equity value multiples for the
selected transactions, as compared to the multiples for Duramed implied in the
merger based on the common stock exchange ratio and the closing price of Barr
common stock on June 27, 2001:

                                                                          IMPLIED MULTIPLES OF
                                                                        DURAMED BASED ON COMMON
                                                                        STOCK EXCHANGE RATIO AND
                                                                         CLOSING PRICE OF BARR
                                       IMPLIED MULTIPLES IN SELECTED          COMMON STOCK
                                                TRANSACTIONS                ON JUNE 27, 2001
ENTERPRISE VALUE                       ------------------------------   ------------------------
AS MULTIPLES OF:                        LOW    MEAN    MEDIAN   HIGH
- ----------------                       -----   -----   ------   -----

Net Revenue
  Latest 12 months...................  
1.8x    7.1x    5.8x     19.2x              6.6x
EBITDA
  Latest 12 months...................  
15.0x   24.3x   23.5x    33.9x             45.0x

EQUITY VALUE
AS MULTIPLE OF:
- -------------------------------------
Net Income
  Latest 12 months...................  39.4x   47.6x   49.3x    52.2x            154.3x
  
Estimated calendar year 2001.......  
32.4x   41.5x   39.7x    51.5x             83.1x
  Estimated calendar year 2002.......  22.9x   35.8x   34.0x    47.9x             29.6x

     UBS Warburg also reviewed the premiums paid in the selected transactions
based on the purchase prices paid in the selected transactions relative to the
target company's closing stock prices one day and 30 days prior to public
announcement of the transaction.
UBS Warburg then compared the implied premiums
derived from the selected transactions with the premiums implied in the merger
based on the common stock exchange ratio and the closing price of Barr common
stock on July 27, 2001 and the closing price of Duramed common stock one trading
day and 30 trading days prior to public announcement of the merger.
This
analysis indicated the following implied low, mean, median and high premiums in
the selected transactions, as compared to the premiums implied in the merger:

                                               IMPLIED PREMIUMS              IMPLIED PREMIUMS
                                           IN SELECTED TRANSACTIONS             IN MERGER
                                     ------------------------------------    
----------------
SPECIFIED PERIOD                      LOW       MEAN     MEDIAN     HIGH
- ----------------                     ------    ------    ------    
------

One day prior......................  
(10.7)%   20.5%     22.6%     42.1%            8.0%
30 days prior......................  
(6.1)%    37.6%     37.2%     74.7%           58.4%

  Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

     UBS Warburg performed an analysis of the present value of the estimated
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Duramed and Barr could each generate
over fiscal years 2002 through 2005 and, in the case of Duramed, the third and
fourth quarters of fiscal year 2001.
Financial data used in this analysis were
based on internal estimates of the management of Duramed as prepared for the
Duramed board of directors and internal estimates of the management of Barr,
including, in the case of Barr, the impact of estimated Fluoxetine sales and
earnings for fiscal year 2002.
UBS Warburg applied multiples of 9.0x to 15.0x to
the estimated calendar year 2005 EBITDA of each of Duramed and Barr using
discount rates of 14.0% to 18.0%.
UBS Warburg then derived an implied exchange
ratio reference range from the equity reference ranges for Duramed and Barr
implied by this analysis.
This analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio
reference range of approximately 0.220x to 0.235x, as compared to the common
stock exchange ratio provided for in the merger of 0.2562x.

  
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis

     UBS Warburg performed a historical exchange ratio analysis comparing the
common stock exchange ratio provided for in the merger with the exchange ratios
implied for Duramed and Barr based on the daily closing prices of Duramed common
stock and Barr common stock on June 27, 2001 and the average daily closing
prices of Duramed common stock and Barr common stock during the one-year period
preceding June 27, 2001.
This analysis indicated an implied exchange ratio
reference range of 0.040x to 0.242x, as compared to the common stock exchange
ratio provided for in the merger of 0.2562x.

  
Contribution Analysis

     UBS Warburg analyzed the relative contributions of Duramed and Barr to the
combined company's net income and EBITDA for fiscal year 2000 and estimated
fiscal years 2001 through 2004 based on internal estimates of the management of
Duramed as prepared for the Duramed board of directors and internal estimates of
the management of Barr, both including and excluding the impact of estimated
Fluoxetine sales and earnings on Barr's estimated net income and EBITDA for
fiscal year 2002.
UBS Warburg then compared the percentage contributions of
Duramed to these operational metrics to the percentage equity ownership of its
stockholders in the combined company and the percentage that Duramed will
constitute of the combined company's enterprise value immediately upon
completion of the merger.
Based on the common stock exchange ratio, this
analysis indicated the following contribution reference ranges for Duramed, as
compared to the percentage equity ownership of its stockholders in the combined
company and the percentage that Duramed will represent of the combined company's
enterprise value, immediately upon completion of the merger:

  DURAMED'S IMPLIED NET INCOME    DURAMED'S IMPLIED EQUITY
  CONTRIBUTION REFERENCE RANGE    OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE
  ----------------------------    ------------------------

          6% to 15%                         18%

  DURAMED'S IMPLIED EBITDA        DURAMED'S IMPLIED
  CONTRIBUTION REFERENCE RANGE    ENTERPRISE
     ----------------------       PERCENTAGE
                                   ----------------------
          9% to 20%                         21%

  Pro Forma Impact Analysis

     UBS Warburg analyzed the potential pro forma effect of the merger on Barr's
estimated EPS in fiscal years 2002, 2003 and 2004 based on internal estimates of
the management of Duramed as prepared for the Duramed board of directors and
internal estimates of the management of Barr, after giving effect to potential
cost savings anticipated by the management of Duramed to result from the merger
and excluding the impact of estimated Fluoxetine sales and earnings on Barr's
estimated EPS in fiscal year 2002.
Based on the common stock exchange ratio
provided for in the merger, this analysis indicated that the merger could be
accretive to Barr's estimated EPS commencing in fiscal years 2003 and 2004.
This
analysis also indicated that the merger could be accretive to Duramed's
estimated EPS in each of the fiscal years analyzed relative to Duramed's
estimated EPS on a stand-above basis.
Actual results may vary from projected
results and the variations may be material.

  
Other Factors

     In rendering its opinion, UBS Warburg also reviewed and considered other
factors, including:

     - historical trading volumes and market prices for Duramed common stock and
       Barr common stock and the relationship between movements in Duramed
       common stock, movements in Barr common stock and movements in the common
       stock of selected companies in the specialty pharmaceutical and generic
       pharmaceutical industry;

     - the average purchase price of Duramed common stock over the one year
       period ended June 27, 2001;

     - the range of premiums implied in the merger based on the exchange ratios
       derived from the historical exchange ratio analysis described above; and

     - selected published research analysts' reports for Barr.

  
Miscellaneous

     Under the terms of its engagement, Duramed has agreed to pay UBS Warburg
for its financial advisory services upon completion of the merger an aggregate
fee based on a percentage of the total consideration, including liabilities
assumed, payable in the merger.
The aggregate fee payable to UBS Warburg is
currently estimated to be approximately $5 million.
In addition, Duramed has
agreed to reimburse UBS Warburg for its reasonable expenses, including
reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel, and to indemnify UBS Warburg
and related parties against liabilities, including liabilities under federal
securities laws, relating to, or arising out of, its engagement.

     
Duramed selected UBS Warburg as its financial advisor in connection with
the merger because UBS Warburg is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm with substantial experience in similar transactions.
UBS Warburg is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated
underwritings, competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities and private placements.

     
UBS Warburg and its affiliates in the past have provided services to Barr
unrelated to the proposed merger, for which services UBS Warburg and its
affiliates have received compensation.
In the ordinary course of business, UBS
Warburg, its successors and affiliates may actively trade the securities of
Duramed and Barr for their own accounts and the accounts of their customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in these securities.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     This is a summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement.
The
merger agreement, which is attached as Annex 1 to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference, contains the
complete terms of that agreement.
You should read the entire merger agreement
carefully.


EFFECTIVE TIME

     The effective time of the merger will be at the time the certificate of
merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at a
later time as may be agreed to by Duramed and Barr.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Conditions to Barr's and Duramed's Obligations to Complete the Merger

     Each party's obligation to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of various conditions that include, in addition to other customary
closing conditions, the following:

     - the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
       statement/prospectus is a part, has been declared effective by the
       Securities and Exchange Commission and is not the subject of any stop
       order or proceedings seeking a stop order;

     - the merger agreement has been approved and adopted, and the merger has
       been approved, by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
       Duramed common stock and the affirmative vote of the holders of
       two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Duramed preferred stock;

     - no action, proceeding, temporary restraining order, injunction or other
       court order or statute, rule or regulation is in effect that seeks to
       prevent or delay the completion of the merger, challenges the terms of
       the merger agreement or seeks material damages in connection with the
       merger agreement;

     - all consents and approvals of governmental entities necessary for
       consummation of the merger and related transactions have been obtained,
       other than those which if not obtained would not have a material adverse
       effect on Barr or Duramed;

     - any waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Antitrust Improvements Act has expired or has been terminated;

     - the shares of Barr common stock to be issued to:

          - Duramed stockholders upon completion of the merger,

          - holders of options to acquire shares of Duramed common stock, which
            will be converted into options to acquire shares of Barr common
            stock, upon exercise of such options, and

          - holders of warrants to purchase Duramed common stock, to be assumed
            by Barr in the merger, upon exercise of such warrants

       have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
       official notice of issuance;

     - Barr and Merger Sub have received an opinion from their tax counsel,
       Winston & Strawn, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Barr
       and Merger Sub, and Duramed has received an opinion from its tax counsel,
       Taft, Stettinius & Hollister LLP, in form and substance reasonably
       satisfactory to Duramed to the effect that:

          - the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
            Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code,

          - none of Duramed, Barr or Merger Sub will recognize any gain or loss
            for federal income tax purposes on the merger, and

          - stockholders of Duramed will not recognize any gain or loss (except
            as a result of receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of Barr
            common stock) for federal income tax purposes on the exchange of
            Duramed stock solely for shares of Barr common stock pursuant to the
            merger; and

     - Barr and Duramed have received letters dated as of the date on which the
       merger is to be completed from Deloitte & Touche LLP and Ernst & Young
       LLP, respectively, regarding each firms' concurrence with Barr
       management's and Duramed management's conclusions, respectively, that, as
       of the date the merger is completed, no conditions exist that would
       preclude accounting for the merger as a pooling of interests transaction
       under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16 and applicable
       Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations if the merger is
       completed in accordance with the merger agreement.

     
Condition to Barr's Obligation to Complete the Merger

     Barr's obligation to effect the merger is further subject to satisfaction
or waiver of the condition that Duramed must have performed in all material
respects its obligations under the merger agreement required to be performed by
the effective time of the merger and the representations and warranties of
Duramed in the merger agreement, to the extent qualified with respect to
materiality, must be true and correct in all respects, and to the extent not
qualified with respect to materiality, must be true and correct in all material
respects, except as expressly contemplated by the merger agreement and except
that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by their terms speak as
of the date of the merger agreement or some other date will be determined as of
such date.

     
Condition to Duramed's Obligation to Complete the Merger

     Duramed's obligation to effect the merger is further subject to
satisfaction or waiver of the condition that Barr must have performed in all
material respects its obligations under the merger agreement required to be
performed by the effective time of the merger and the representations and
warranties of Barr in the merger agreement, to the extent qualified with respect
to materiality, must be true and correct in all respects, and to the extent not
qualified with respect to materiality, must be true and correct in all material
respects, except as expressly contemplated by the merger agreement and except
that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by their terms speak as
of the date of the merger agreement or some other date will be determined as of
such date.


NO SOLICITATION

     Duramed will not, nor will it authorize or cause any of its directors,
officers or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney,
accountant or other advisor, agent or representative retained by it or any of
its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly through another person:

     - solicit, initiate or encourage, or take any other action to facilitate,
       any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or could
       reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal, as described
       below; or

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to
       any person any information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, an
       acquisition proposal.

     
The merger agreement provides that the term "acquisition proposal" means
any offer or proposal relating to any:

     - direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business that constitutes
       15% or more of the net revenues, net income or the assets of Duramed;

     - direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 15% or more of any class of
       equity securities of Duramed;

     - tender offer or exchange offer that if completed would result in any
       person beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of equity securities
       of Duramed; or

     - merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
       liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Duramed,

in each case, other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     
Notwithstanding the restrictions described above, if, at any time prior to
the time Duramed stockholders have adopted the merger agreement:

     - Duramed receives a bona fide written acquisition proposal that Duramed's
       board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with
       outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized
       reputation, constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a superior
       proposal, as described below; and

     - such acquisition proposal was unsolicited and made after the date of the
       merger agreement and did not otherwise result from a breach by Duramed of
       the no solicitation provisions described above,

Duramed may, if Duramed's board of directors determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to respond to such proposal
is reasonably likely to breach its fiduciary duties to the Duramed stockholders
under applicable law, subject to providing prior notice to Barr:

     - furnish information about Duramed and its subsidiaries to the person
       making such acquisition proposal under a confidentiality agreement not
       less restrictive than the confidentiality agreement between Duramed and
       Barr, provided that all such information is also provided to Barr; and

     - participate in discussions or negotiations regarding such acquisition
       proposal.

     
The term "superior proposal" means any bona fide offer made by a third
party that if completed would result in such person (or its stockholders)
owning, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of Duramed common stock
then outstanding (or of the surviving entity in a merger or the direct or
indirect parent of the surviving entity in a merger) or all or substantially all
the assets of Duramed, which Duramed's board of directors determines in good
faith, after consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation, to be:

     - more favorable to the Duramed stockholders from a financial point of view
       than the merger, taking into account all the terms and conditions of such
       proposal and the merger agreement with Barr, including any changes to the
       financial terms of the merger proposed by Barr in response to such
       proposal or otherwise; and

     - reasonably capable of being completed, taking into account all financial,
       legal, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal.

     
Generally, neither Duramed's board of directors nor any committee of
Duramed's board of directors may:

     - withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse to Barr, or propose to withdraw,
       or modify in a manner adverse to Barr, the approval, recommendation or
       declaration of advisability by Duramed's board of directors or such
       committee of Duramed's board of directors of the merger agreement or the
       merger;

     - recommend, adopt or approve, or propose publicly to recommend, adopt or
       approve, any acquisition proposal; or

     - approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or allow
       Duramed to execute or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of
       understanding, agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition
       agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership
       agreement or other similar agreement related to any acquisition proposal.

     
However, at any time prior to the time Duramed stockholders have adopted
the merger agreement with Barr, Duramed's board of directors may withdraw its
recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger or recommend the approval
of an acquisition proposal if Duramed's board of directors determines in good
faith, after consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to take such
action would reasonably likely constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to
the stockholders of Duramed under applicable law.
No such withdrawal of
Duramed's board of directors' recommendation of the merger agreement and the
merger or recommendation of a superior proposal may be made until after the
fifth

business day following Barr's receipt of written notice from Duramed advising
Barr that Duramed's board of directors intends to take such action and
specifying the terms and conditions of such superior proposal.
In determining
whether to take such action, Duramed's board of directors must take into account
any changes to the financial terms of the merger proposed by Barr in response to
its receipt of such notice from Duramed or otherwise.

     
In addition to the no solicitation provisions described above, the merger
agreement provides that Duramed must promptly advise Barr orally and in writing
of any bona fide acquisition proposal, the material terms and conditions of any
such acquisition proposal and the identity of the person making any such
acquisition proposal.
Duramed must keep Barr fully informed of the status and
details, including any changes, of any such acquisition proposal or inquiry and
must provide to Barr copies of all correspondence and other written material
sent or provided by any person to Duramed that describes any of the terms or
conditions of any acquisition proposal as soon as practicable after receipt or
delivery of such correspondence or other written material.

     
Duramed's board of directors may take and disclose to the Duramed
stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of
Regulation M-A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act or make any
required disclosure to Duramed stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of
Duramed's board of directors, after consultation with outside counsel, failure
to make such disclosure would constitute a violation of applicable law, except
that in no event may Duramed or its board of directors or any committee of the
board of directors withdraw its recommendation of the merger agreement or the
merger, recommend an acquisition proposal or enter into an agreement regarding
an acquisition proposal in a manner prohibited by the no solicitation provisions
described above.


MANAGEMENT FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Barr will take all necessary action to reconstitute and expand Barr's board
of directors by three additional members and to cause three of Duramed's current
directors, E. Thomas Arington, Richard R. Frankovic and Peter R. Seaver, to be
appointed directors of Barr one day after the effective time of the merger.


WARRANTS

     Following the merger, Barr will take all reasonable steps to assume the
outstanding warrants to purchase Duramed common stock, reserve for issuance a
sufficient number of shares of Barr common stock for delivery upon exercise of
the warrants and, as long as the warrants remain outstanding, will use its
reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement for
the sale of any Barr common stock issued upon the exercise of any of the
warrants.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective
time of the merger, even if the merger agreement has been adopted by the Duramed
stockholders:

     - by mutual written consent of Barr and Duramed;

     - by either Barr or Duramed, if the merger has not been completed by
       December 31, 2001, except that this right to terminate the merger
       agreement will not be available to any party which has breached in any
       material respect its obligations under the merger agreement in any manner
       which has been a proximate cause of or resulted in the failure of the
       merger to be completed on or before that date;

     - by either Barr or Duramed, if the completion of the merger is made
       illegal by any foreign or domestic, whether federal, state, county,
       municipal or local, law, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation,
       order, judgment, writ, stipulation, award, injunction, decree or
       arbitration award or finding, or if the completion of the merger is
       prohibited by any judgment, injunction, order or

       decree of a court or other governmental entity, and such judgment,
       injunction, order or decree shall become final and nonappealable;

     - by either Barr or Duramed, if the Duramed common and preferred
       stockholders do not adopt the merger agreement at the special Duramed
       stockholder meeting;

     - by Duramed, if the approval of the Barr stockholders of the issuance of
       Barr common stock in connection with the merger is not obtained;

     - by either Barr or Duramed, if the other party has materially breached any
       of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in
       the merger agreement, which breach has not been or cannot be cured within
       20 business days following receiving written notice from the other party
       of such breach or failure to perform;

     - by Barr, if a "Duramed triggering event" occurs, as set forth below:

          - Duramed's board of directors fails to recommend that the Duramed
            stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement,

          - Duramed's board of directors fails to reaffirm publicly its
            recommendation to stockholders of the adoption of the merger
            agreement, or fails to reaffirm its determination that the merger is
            in the best interests of Duramed's stockholders, within ten business
            days after Barr reasonably requests in writing that such
            recommendation or determination be reaffirmed,

          - Duramed's board of directors withdraws or modifies in a manner
            adverse to Barr, or proposes to withdraw or modify in a manner
            adverse to Barr, the approval, recommendation or declaration of
            advisability of the merger agreement or the merger or recommends,
            adopts or approves, or proposes publicly to recommend, adopt or
            approve, any acquisition proposal,

          - Duramed enters into any letter of intent or similar document or any
            contract relating to any acquisition proposal,

          - Duramed fails to hold the special meeting of its stockholders as
            promptly as practicable and in any event within 75 days after this
            registration statement is declared effective under the Securities
            Act unless enjoined or prohibited by law,

          - a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Duramed is
            commenced and Duramed does not send to its security holders, within
            ten business days after the commencement of such tender or exchange
            offer, a statement disclosing that Duramed recommends rejection of
            such tender or exchange offer,

          - an acquisition proposal is publicly announced, and Duramed fails to
            issue within ten days after such announcement a press release that
            reaffirms the recommendation of Duramed's board of directors that
            Duramed's stockholders adopt the merger agreement with Barr, or

          - Duramed or any of its representatives materially violates the
            non-solicitation restrictions of the merger agreement; or

     - by Duramed, if prior to its special stockholder meeting regarding the
       merger, as a result of an acquisition proposal, Duramed's board of
       directors determines in good faith after consulting with outside counsel
       that the failure to take such action would reasonably likely constitute a
       breach of its fiduciary duties to the Duramed stockholders, but only if
       the following conditions are met:

          - Barr must have received a notice that Duramed's board of directors
            has withdrawn (or modified in a manner adverse to Barr), or proposed
            to withdraw (or modified in a manner adverse to Barr), the approval,
            recommendation or declaration of advisability by Duramed's board of
            directors of the merger agreement and the merger or has recommended,
            adopted or approved, or proposed publicly to recommend, adopt or
            approve, any acquisition proposal, and such notice must include
            written notification of Duramed's board of directors' intention to
            terminate the merger agreement,

          - Barr must not have made, within five business days of receipt of
            notice described above, an offer to Duramed's board of directors
            that Duramed's board of directors determines, in good faith and
            after meeting with the representatives of Barr, is more favorable to
            the stockholders of Duramed than the superior proposal,

          - Duramed must have made the requisite termination payment, and

          - Duramed must otherwise have complied with the non-solicitation
            provisions of the merger agreement.


FEES AND EXPENSES

     General

     Each party will pay its own fees and expenses in connection with the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, whether or
not the merger is completed, except that, if the merger agreement is terminated
for any reason, Barr and Duramed will each pay one-half of (1) the expenses
incurred in connection with the preparation, filing, printing and mailing of the
registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part
and (2) the filing fees for the premerger notification and report forms under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.

     
Duramed Termination Fee

     Duramed must pay to Barr a termination fee of $15 million in each of the
following circumstances:

     - Barr terminates the merger agreement pursuant to a "Duramed triggering
       event" described above;

     - Duramed terminates the merger agreement because prior to its special
       stockholder meeting, as a result of an acquisition proposal, Duramed's
       board of directors determines in good faith after consulting with outside
       counsel that the failure to take such action would reasonably likely
       constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to the Duramed stockholders
       and all required conditions are met; or

     - either Barr terminates the merger agreement because the merger has not
       been completed by December 31, 2001 and Duramed has materially breached
       any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained
       in the merger agreement or Barr or Duramed terminates the merger
       agreement because of failure to receive approval of the merger agreement
       by the Duramed stockholders, and within eight months after termination of
       the merger agreement

          - a transaction is completed that would constitute an acquisition
            proposal (except that, for this purpose, references to "15%" in the
            definition of "acquisition proposal" shall become "25%"),

          - a definitive agreement for a transaction that would constitute an
            acquisition proposal is entered into and such transaction is
            completed, whether or not in the eight-month period, or

          - any person acquires beneficial ownership or the right to acquire
            beneficial ownership of, or any group is formed that beneficially
            owns, or has the right to beneficially own, outstanding shares of
            Duramed stock then representing 50% or more of any class of Duramed
            stock.

     
Barr Termination Fee

     Barr must pay to Duramed a termination fee of $15 million upon Duramed's
termination of the merger agreement if the Barr stockholders do not approve the
issuance of Barr common stock in connection with the merger.


CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     Duramed has agreed that, during the period from the date of the merger
agreement to the effective time of the merger, it will, and will cause each of
its subsidiaries to, carry on its business in the ordinary course consistent
with past practice and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and,
to the extent consistent with prudent business practices, will use its
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organization and goodwill in
all material respects, keep available the services of its current officers

and key employees and maintain satisfactory relationships with suppliers,
distributors, customers and others with whom it has significant business
relationships.
In addition, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
during the period from the date of the merger agreement to the effective time of
the merger, Duramed has agreed that it will not, and will not permit any of its
subsidiaries to, without Barr's prior written consent:

     - authorize or pay any dividends (other than regular dividends on Duramed
       preferred stock) on or make any distribution with respect to outstanding
       shares of Duramed stock;

     - enter into or amend any severance or similar agreements or arrangements
       which would be triggered by the merger, with any of its directors or
       employees, except to the extent required by law or the terms of any
       agreement or benefit plan in existence on June 29, 2001 or any collective
       bargaining agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business;

     - enter into any new written employment, consulting or salary continuation
       agreement with any employee, independent contractor or director which has
       a term of more than one year or compensation at an annual rate in excess
       of $150,000, or grant any increases in compensation or benefits to any
       management employee, independent contractor, officer or director;

     - authorize, propose or announce an intention to authorize or propose, or
       enter into or complete an agreement with respect to any merger,
       consolidation or business combination, any acquisition of any assets or
       securities, or any disposition of assets or securities involving
       consideration (including stock, debt and all contingent payments);

     - propose or adopt any amendments to its corporate charter or bylaws
       (except as contemplated by the merger agreement);

     - issue any shares of its capital stock except upon exercise of outstanding
       stock options and warrants, conversion of Duramed preferred stock or
       pursuant to Duramed's 1999 Nonemployee Directors Stock Plan or 2000 Stock
       Bonus Plan;

     - grant, confer or award any options, warrants, conversion rights or other
       rights to acquire any shares of its capital stock;

     - purchase, exchange, convert, or redeem any shares of Duramed's capital
       stock except for conversion of Duramed preferred stock;

     - amend in any significant respect the terms of Duramed's benefit plans,
       including but not limited to employee benefit plans, programs or
       arrangements in existence on the date of the merger agreement, or adopt
       any new employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements;

     - enter into any credit facilities or other loan agreements as a borrower
       or lender, amend any existing credit facility or loan agreement to
       increase its borrowing availability or increase applicable prepayment
       penalties or incur indebtedness that is subject to any prepayment penalty
       or for which Duramed or its subsidiaries are obligated to pay any
       discount, origination or similar fees, or grant any liens on any of its
       assets;

     - enter into any material agreement with aggregate consideration in excess
       of $2,000,000 per year or make any cash advance or upfront guarantee in
       excess of $250,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate;

     - enter into an agreement or arrangement with any affiliate, any family
       member of any affiliate or any stockholder who owns more than 10% of the
       outstanding capital stock of Duramed;

     - incur any material income tax liability outside of the ordinary course of
       business, make or revoke any material tax election, settle or compromise
       any material tax liability, or change (or request a change) to any
       material aspect of its method of accounting;

     - enter into, amend, or extend any material collective bargaining or other
       labor agreement;

     - except as may be required by applicable law or the terms of any agreement
       in existence on June 29, 2001, make any acquisition, by means of a merger
       or otherwise, of assets or securities, or any sale, lease, encumbrance or
       other disposition of assets or securities, or enter into any similar
       transaction, or enter into an agreement to effect any of the foregoing,
       in each case which would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
       ability of Duramed to complete the transactions under the merger
       agreement or materially delay obtaining any consents or approvals of any
       governmental entity required under the merger agreement or otherwise
       materially delay the completion of the merger; or

     - agree to take any of the foregoing actions or take any action that is
       intended or would reasonably be expected to result in any of the
       conditions to the merger not being satisfied, except, in each case, as
       may be required by applicable law.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties
relating to, among other things:

     - corporate organization and similar corporate matters of Barr, Merger Sub
       and Duramed;

     - capital structure of Barr and Duramed;

     - obligations with respect to capital stock of Barr and Duramed;

     - authorization, execution, delivery, performance and enforceability of,
       and required consents, approvals, orders and authorizations of
       governmental authorities relating to, the merger agreement and related
       matters of Barr, Merger Sub and Duramed;

     - documents filed by each of Barr and Duramed with the Securities and
       Exchange Commission and the accuracy of information contained in such
       documents;

     - absence of undisclosed liabilities of Duramed and Barr;

     - accuracy of information supplied by each of Barr and Duramed in
       connection with this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
       registration statement of which it is a part;

     - absence of material changes or events concerning Barr and Duramed;

     - pending or threatened material litigation of Barr and Duramed;

     - material contracts and agreements of Duramed;

     - compliance with applicable laws by Barr and Duramed;

     - absence of changes in benefit plans and labor relations matters of
       Duramed;

     - matters relating to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act for
       Duramed;

     - excess parachute payments to any director, officer, employee or
       consultant of Duramed or its affiliates;

     - filing of tax returns and payment of taxes by Duramed;

     - title to Duramed's properties;

     - intellectual property rights of Barr and Duramed;

     - required stockholder vote of Barr and Duramed;

     - applicability of the requirements of certain state takeover statutes to
       Barr and Duramed;

     - receipt of opinions by Duramed and Barr from each of their financial
       advisors;

     - the absence of actions by Duramed that would prevent using the pooling of
       interests method to account for the merger;

     - absence of actions by Duramed that would prevent the merger from
       qualifying as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes;

     - inapplicability of the rights agreement between Duramed and The Provident
       Bank;

     - compliance by Barr and Duramed with applicable regulatory and
       governmental requirements;

     - maintenance by Duramed of insurance policies that are consistent with
       industry standards and Duramed's historical claims expenses;

     - there have been no transactions, agreements, arrangements or
       understandings between Duramed or Barr, on the one hand, and Duramed's or
       Barr's affiliates or any other person, on the other hand, that would be
       required to be disclosed under Item 404 or Regulation S-K under the
       Securities Act;

     - the largest ten suppliers and ten customers of Duramed and its
       relationship with each; and

     - matters relating to disclosure in the representations and warranties of
       the merger agreement on the part of Barr and Duramed.


INDEMNIFICATION

     All rights to indemnification and all limitations on liability existing in
favor of current or former officers, directors or employees of Duramed as
provided for under the Duramed certificate of incorporation, bylaws or
indemnification agreements will be assumed by the surviving corporation in the
merger and will continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms
following the merger.
To the extent permitted, advancement of expenses and costs
will be mandatory rather than permissive.

     
For six years after the effective time of the merger, Barr will, or will
cause the surviving corporation to, maintain directors' and officers' liability
insurance on terms no less favorable than those in effect as of the date of the
merger agreement.
Barr's obligation to provide this insurance coverage is
subject to a cap of 200% of the greater of the amount of premiums paid by
Duramed for its existing insurance coverage in its last fiscal year and in the
year in which the merger occurs.
If Barr cannot maintain the existing or
equivalent insurance coverage without exceeding the 200% cap, Barr is required
to maintain only that amount of insurance coverage that can be obtained by
paying an annual premium equal to the 200% cap.

     
In addition to these rights, for a period six years after the effective
time of the merger, Barr will cause the surviving corporation to indemnify and
hold harmless the individuals who, prior to the merger, were officers, directors
or employees of Duramed against all threatened losses, claims, damages and
liabilities for acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the
merger and arising out or relating to the fact of the person's relationship with
Duramed.

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

     The certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub will be the certificate of
incorporation of the surviving corporation until changed or amended and the
bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the completion of the
merger, will be the bylaws of the surviving corporation until changed or
amended, except that the name of the surviving corporation will be changed to
Duramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

AMENDMENT; EXTENSION AND WAIVER

     Subject to applicable law:

     - the merger agreement may be amended by mutual consent of the parties in
       writing at any time, except that after the merger agreement has been
       adopted by the stockholders of Duramed, no amendment may be entered into
       which requires further approval by Duramed stockholders or requires the
       approval of stockholders of Barr unless such approval is obtained; and

     - at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, a party may, by
       written instrument signed on behalf of such party:

          - extend the time for performance of any of the obligations or other
            acts of any other party to the merger agreement,

          - waive inaccuracies in representations and warranties of any other
            party contained in the merger agreement or in any related document,
            or

          - waive compliance by any other party with any agreements or
            conditions in the merger agreement, except that no such waiver may
            be made after the merger agreement has been adopted by the
            stockholders of Duramed which requires further approval by Duramed
            stockholders or requires the approval of stockholders of Barr unless
            such approval is obtained.

                               
VOTING AGREEMENTS

     In connection with the merger, Barr entered into a voting agreement with
directors and officers who are Duramed common stockholders and a major holder of
Duramed common stock, under which they agreed to vote in favor of the merger and
related transactions and granted to officers of Barr an irrevocable proxy to
vote such stockholder's shares of Duramed stock in favor of the merger and
related transactions.
Under the voting agreement, Barr agrees to indemnify each
such Duramed stockholder costs and expenses incurred by such stockholder in
connection with the voting agreement for a period of two years from the later of
the date of the voting agreement or the effective date of the merger.

Approximately 4,389,201 shares of Duramed common stock, representing
approximately 16% of the outstanding shares of Duramed common stock as of June
30, 2001, are subject to this voting agreement.

     
Barr also entered into an agreement with the holders of all outstanding
shares of Duramed preferred stock, under which they agreed to vote in favor of
the merger and related transactions and have granted to officers of Barr an
irrevocable proxy to vote such stockholder's shares of Duramed stock in favor of
the merger and related transactions.

     
Duramed entered into a voting agreement with a major holder of Barr common
stock, under which such stockholder agreed to vote in favor of the issuance of
Barr common stock in connection with the merger, and Duramed agreed to indemnify
the stockholder against certain costs and expenses incurred by such stockholder
in connection with the voting agreement for a period of two years from the later
of the date of the voting agreement or the effective date of the merger.

Approximately 11,382,038 shares of Barr common stock, representing approximately
33% of the outstanding share of Barr common stock as of June 30, 2001, are
subject to this voting agreement.

     
The voting agreements will terminate automatically if the merger agreement
is terminated.

                  
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK; CAPITALIZATION

BARR

     The following summary of the capital stock of Barr is subject in all
respects to applicable New York law, the Barr certificate of incorporation, as
amended, and the Barr bylaws.
See "Comparison of Rights of Stockholders of Barr
and Duramed" on this page and "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 90.

     
The total authorized shares of capital stock of Barr consist of (1)
100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (2) 2,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share.
At the close of business
on [          ], 2001, approximately [               ] shares of Barr common
stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of Barr preferred stock were
issued and outstanding.

     
Barr's board of directors is authorized to provide for the issuance from
time to time of Barr preferred stock in series and, as to each series, to fix
the designation, the dividend rate and the preferences, if any, which dividends
on that series will have compared to any other class or series of capital stock
of Barr, the voting rights, if any, the voluntary and involuntary liquidation
prices, the conversion or exchange privileges, if any, applicable to that series
and the redemption price or prices and the other terms of redemption, if any,
applicable to that series.


DURAMED

     
The total authorized shares of capital stock of Duramed consist of (1)
50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (2) 500,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.
On the close of business
on [          ], 2001, approximately [               ] shares of Duramed common
stock were issued and outstanding and 100,000 shares of Duramed Series G
Mandatory Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding.

     
The Duramed certificate of incorporation provides that shares of Duramed
preferred stock may be issued as a class, without series or, if so determined
from time to time by Duramed's board of directors, in one or more series.
The
Duramed certificate of incorporation further provides that shares of Duramed
preferred stock, and each series thereof, will have the voting powers and other
rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as set forth in the resolution
of Duramed's board of directors providing for the issuance of the shares of
Duramed preferred stock.
Duramed's board of directors is expressly authorized to
fix or alter any and all the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
and other terms of the Duramed preferred stock and any series thereof, and the
number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof and to
increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the
issuance of shares of such series, but not below the number of shares of such
series then outstanding.

            
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS OF BARR AND DURAMED

     Barr is a New York corporation subject to the New York Business Corporation
Law, which we refer to as New York law.
Duramed is a Delaware corporation
subject to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which we refer
to as Delaware law.
Duramed stockholders, whose rights are currently governed by
the Duramed certificate of incorporation, the Duramed bylaws and Delaware law,
will, upon completion of the merger, become stockholders of Barr and their
rights will be governed by the Barr certificate of incorporation, the Barr
bylaws and New York law.

     
The following description summarizes the material differences that may
affect the rights of stockholders of Barr and Duramed but does not purport to be
a complete statement of all those differences, or a complete description of the
specific provisions referred to in this summary.
Stockholders should review
carefully the relevant provisions of New York law, Delaware law, the Barr
certificate of incorporation, the Barr bylaws, the Duramed certificate of
incorporation and the Duramed bylaws.


BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

  Barr

     New York law generally provides that the completion of a merger,
consolidation, dissolution or disposition of substantially all of the assets of
a New York corporation requires:

     - the approval of the corporation's board of directors; and

     - the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of all outstanding
       shares entitled to vote, unless

          - the corporation's certificate of incorporation requires only the
            affirmative vote of a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to
            vote on such matter, or

          - the corporation was incorporated after February 22, 1998, and

          - in certain situations, the affirmative vote by the holders of a
            majority of all outstanding shares of each class or series of
            shares.

     
Neither Barr's certificate of incorporation nor bylaws contain provisions
relating to stockholder approval of business combinations.

  Duramed

     Delaware law generally requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
board of directors of a Delaware corporation and at least a majority of the
corporation's outstanding shares entitled to vote to authorize a merger or
consolidation or sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the
corporation's assets.

     
The terms of Duramed's preferred stock provide that an action affecting the
rights of holders of that stock must be approved by two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of preferred stock.

     
Duramed's certificate of incorporation provides that certain business
combinations require a supermajority vote of the stockholders (two-thirds).
This
supermajority approval applies in the following types of business combinations:

     - any merger or consolidation of Duramed with or into any other entity
       which is the beneficial owner of voting securities of Duramed
       representing 15% or more of the votes then entitled to be voted in an
       election of directors of Duramed;

     - any sale, lease or exchange of substantially all the assets of Duramed to
       any other entity which is the beneficial owner of voting securities of
       Duramed representing 15% or more of the votes then entitled to be voted
       in an election of directors of Duramed;

     - any sale, lease or exchange of assets to Duramed in exchange for voting
       securities (or the right to purchase voting securities) of Duramed with
       any other entity which is the beneficial owner of voting securities of
       Duramed representing 15% or more of the votes then entitled to be voted
       in an election of directors of Duramed; or

     - any reclassification of securities, recapitalization or other transaction
       designed to decrease the number of Duramed stockholders remaining after
       any other entity has acquired outstanding voting securities of Duramed
       representing 15% or more of the votes then entitled to be voted in an
       election of directors of Duramed;

unless Duramed's board of directors has authorized such business combination
prior to the time that any such entity became an owner of voting securities of
Duramed representing 15% or more of the votes then entitled to be voted in an
election of directors of Duramed.
At its meeting on June 28, 2001, Duramed's
board of directors authorized and approved the merger prior to the time that
Barr, as a result of its voting agreements with certain Duramed stockholders,
became a beneficial owner of Duramed shares.
As a result, these provisions of
Duramed's certificate of incorporation will not apply to the merger.


STATE ANTI-TAKEOVER LAWS

  Barr

     Section 912 of the New York Business Corporation Law prohibits any business
combination with, involving or proposed by any interested stockholder for a
period of five years after the date on which the interested stockholder became
an interested stockholder.
After the five-year period, a business combination
between a resident domestic corporation and an interested stockholder is
prohibited unless either certain "fair price" provisions are complied with or
the business combination is approved by a majority of the outstanding voting
stock not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or its affiliates.

The term "business combination" is defined to include a variety of transactions,
including:

     - mergers, sales or dispositions of assets;

     - issuances of stock, liquidations, reclassifications; and

     - benefits from the corporation, including loans or guarantees.

     
The term "interested stockholder" is defined generally as any person who,
directly or indirectly, beneficially owns 20% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of a resident domestic New York corporation.

     
The restrictions of Section 912 do not apply to any business combination
with an interested stockholder if the business combination or the purchase of
stock by the interested stockholder is approved by the board of directors of the
resident domestic corporation.
Barr will be considered a resident domestic
corporation as long as at least 10% of its voting stock is owned beneficially by
residents of, or organizations having their principal offices in, the State of
New York.

     
A resident domestic corporation may adopt an amendment to its bylaws
expressly electing not to be governed by Section 912.
The amendment must be
approved by the affirmative vote of the holders, other than interested
stockholders and their affiliates and associates, of a majority of the
outstanding voting stock, excluding the voting stock of interested stockholders
and their affiliates and associates.
Such amendment will not, however, be
effective until 18 months after such stockholder vote and will not apply to any
business combination with an interested stockholder who was such on or before
the effective date of such amendment.
Barr has not amended its bylaws and
remains governed by Section 912.

  
Duramed

     Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law generally prohibits any
business combination between a Delaware corporation and any interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date on which the interested
stockholder became an interested stockholder.
The term "business combination" is
defined to include a variety of transactions, including:

     - mergers and consolidations;

     - sales or dispositions of assets having an aggregate market value equal to
       10% or more of the aggregate market value of the corporation determined
       on a consolidated basis;

     - issuances of stock except for certain pro rata and other issuances; and

     - disproportionate benefits from the corporation including loans and
       guarantees.

     
The term "interested stockholder" is defined generally as any person who,
directly or indirectly, beneficially owns 15% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately
prior to the date on which it is subject to be determined whether such person is
an interested stockholder.

     
The restrictions of Section 203 do not apply, however:

     - if, before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved
       either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in a
       stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

     - if, upon completion of the transaction resulting in a stockholder
       becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
       least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation that was outstanding at
       the time the transaction was commenced, except, for the purposes of
       determining the number of shares outstanding, shares owned by persons who
       are directors and also officers and by certain employee plans of the
       corporation;

     - if, on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved
       by the board of directors and the holders of at least two-thirds of the
       shares not involved in the transaction; or

     - under certain other circumstances.

     
A Delaware corporation may also adopt an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation or bylaws expressly electing not to be governed by Section 203 if,
in addition to any other vote required by law, the amendment is approved by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote.
However the
amendment, except under certain circumstances, will not be effective until 12
months after the stockholder vote and will not apply to any business combination
with an interested stockholder before the effective date of such amendment.

     
Duramed's board of directors authorized and approved the merger prior to
the time that Barr became a beneficial owner of Duramed shares.
As a result,
this provision of Delaware law will not apply to the merger.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

  Barr

     Stockholders of a New York corporation have the right to dissent and
receive payment of the fair value of their shares, except as otherwise provided
by New York law, in the event of certain amendments or changes to the
certificate of incorporation adversely affecting their shares, certain mergers
or consolidations, certain sales, leases, exchanges or other dispositions of all
or substantially all the corporation's assets and certain share exchanges.

     
Barr stockholders do not have dissenters' rights of appraisal in the
merger.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, a stockholder who is entitled to vote and does not vote
in favor of a statutory merger or consolidation may demand appraisal of his
shares by the Delaware Court of Chancery.
Unless the corporation's certificate
of incorporation provides otherwise, such dissenters' rights are not available
in certain circumstances, including:

     - to stockholders of a corporation whose shares are either

          - listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national
            market security by Nasdaq, or

          - held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and

     - to stockholders of a corporation surviving a merger if no vote of
       stockholders of the surviving corporation is required to approve the
       merger.

     
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, appraisal rights are available to
any stockholder required to accept for his shares anything except:

     - shares of stock of the surviving corporation;

     - shares of any other corporation which shares are listed on a national
       securities exchange or designated as a national market security by Nasdaq
       or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

     - cash in lieu of fractional shares; or

     - any combination of the foregoing.

     
Because Duramed common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market and
Duramed stockholders will receive Barr common stock which is listed on the New
York Stock Exchange, Duramed common stockholders do not have dissenters' rights
in connection with the merger.

AMENDMENTS TO CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

  Barr

     Under New York law, amendments to a certificate of incorporation generally
must be approved by a vote of the board of directors followed by vote of a
majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon at a meeting of
stockholders, unless the certificate of incorporation requires the vote of a
greater number or proportion of shares; such provision may not be altered,
amended or repealed except by such greater vote.
The approval of a majority of
the votes of all outstanding shares of any class of capital stock of a
corporation, voting separately as a class, is required to approve a proposed
amendment to a corporation's certificate of incorporation, whether or not such
holders are otherwise entitled to vote on such amendment by the certificate of
incorporation, that would:

     - decrease the par value of the shares of such class, change any shares of
       such class into a different number of shares of the same class or into
       the same or a different number of shares of a different class, alter or
       change the designation, relative rights, preferences or limitations of
       the shares of such class, including the provision of new conversion
       rights or the alteration of any existing conversion rights, so as to
       affect them adversely;

     - exclude or limit the voting rights of such shares, except as such rights
       may be limited by voting rights given to new shares then being authorized
       of any existing or new class or series of shares; or

     - subordinate their rights by authorizing shares having preferences
       superior to the rights of such existing shares.

     
The Barr certificate of incorporation is silent as to amendments.

  
Duramed

     Generally, under Delaware law, proposed amendments to a corporation's
certificate of incorporation must be adopted by:

     - a resolution of the board of directors;

     - the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
       stock entitled to vote thereon; and

     - the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
       stock of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class.

     
If the amendment would adversely affect the rights of any holders of shares
of a class or series, the vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding
shares of such class or series, voting as a class, is also necessary to
authorize the amendment.
Duramed's certificate of incorporation provides that
any amendment to Duramed's certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares
of Duramed common stock.

AMENDMENTS TO BYLAWS

  Barr

     Under New York law, except as otherwise provided in its certificate of
incorporation, a corporation's bylaws may be amended, repealed or adopted by a
majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors.
When so
provided in its certificate of incorporation or a bylaw adopted by the
stockholders, a corporation's bylaws also may be amended, repealed or adopted by
the board but any bylaw adopted by

the board may be amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote on the
bylaw as provided by New York law.
The Barr bylaws provide that the bylaws are
subject to alteration or repeal, and new bylaws may be adopted by a majority
vote of the stockholders at the time who are entitled to vote in the election of
directors.
The bylaws further provide that the board of directors has the power
to make, adopt, alter, amend and repeal the bylaws, but the stockholders
entitled to vote on such changes may alter, amend or repeal bylaws made by the
board of directors.
The board of directors has no power to change the quorum for
a meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors, or to change the
bylaws with respect to the removal of directors or the filling of vacancies in
the board of directors resulting from the removal by the stockholders.

  Duramed

     Delaware law provides that a corporation's bylaws may be adopted, amended
or repealed by the stockholders, and, if authorized in the corporation's
certificate of incorporation, by the board of directors.
The Duramed certificate
of incorporation provides that the board of directors is authorized to adopt,
amend or repeal the Duramed bylaws.
In addition, the Duramed bylaws provide that
the bylaws may be amended by the board of directors or by the affirmative vote
of the holders of outstanding voting securities of Duramed entitling them to
exercise two-thirds of the voting power of Duramed on such proposal.


PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

  Barr

     Under New York law, except as otherwise provided by New York law or in its
certificate of incorporation, the holders of equity shares of a corporation
incorporated prior to February 22, 1998 are granted certain preemptive rights.

Barr was incorporated prior to February 22, 1998.
However, Barr's certificate of
incorporation provides that no holder of Barr common stock has any preemptive
rights with respect to any securities of Barr.

  Duramed

     Under Delaware law, a stockholder does not have preemptive rights unless
the rights are specifically granted in the certificate of incorporation.

Duramed's certificate of incorporation does not provide for preemptive rights.


REDEMPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

  Barr

     Under New York law, with certain limitations, a corporation's certificate
of incorporation may provide for one or more classes or series of shares to be
redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the corporation, the holder or
another person or upon the happening of a specified event, within such times and
under such conditions as are stated in the certificate of incorporation.
Barr's
certificate of incorporation does not provide for the redemption of any stock.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, with certain limitations, a corporation's stock may be
made redeemable by the corporation at its option, at the option of the holders
of the stock or upon the happening of a specified event.
The Duramed certificate
of incorporation does not provide for the redemption of common stock.


DIVIDENDS

  Barr

     Under New York law, a corporation may declare and pay dividends or make
other distributions out of surplus only, so that the net assets of the
corporation remaining after the declaration, payment or distribution must at
least equal the amount of its stated capital.
A corporation may not declare and
pay

dividends or make other distributions when the corporation is insolvent or would
thereby be made insolvent or when the declaration, payment or distribution would
be contrary to any restrictions contained in the corporation's certificate of
incorporation.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, a board of directors may authorize a corporation to
make distributions to its stockholders, limited by any restrictions in its
certificate of incorporation, either:

     - out of surplus; or

     - if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which
       the dividend is declared and/ or the preceding fiscal year.

     
Under Delaware law, no distribution out of net profits is permitted,
however, if the corporation's capital is less than the amount of capital
represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a
preference upon the distribution of assets, until such deficiency has been
repaired.


DURATION OF PROXIES

  Barr

     Under New York law, no proxy is valid more than 11 months after its date
unless otherwise provided in the proxy.
Irrevocable proxies may be created for:

     - a pledgee;

     - a person who has purchased or agreed to purchase the shares;

     - a creditor or creditors of the corporation who extend or continue credit
       to the corporation in consideration of the proxy provided the proxy so
       states;

     - a person who has contracted to perform services as an officer of the
       corporation if a proxy is required by the employment contract; or

     - a person designated under a voting agreement.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, no proxy is valid more than three years after its date
unless otherwise provided in the proxy.
A proxy will be irrevocable if it states
that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an
interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power.
A proxy may be made
irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an
interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally.


STOCKHOLDER ACTION

  Barr

     Under New York law, unless otherwise provided in a corporation's
certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by
stockholder vote may be taken without a meeting on written consent signed by the
holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote or, if the certificate of
incorporation so permits, signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not
less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize such
action at a meeting.
Barr's bylaws authorize stockholder action by unanimous
written consent.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in a corporation's
certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at a
meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and
without a vote, if a written consent or consents describing the action taken is

signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize the action at a meeting.

Duramed's certificate of incorporation expressly forbids any action of the
stockholders by written consent.


SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

  Barr

     New York law provides that special meetings of stockholders may be called
by the board and by the persons authorized by the certificate of incorporation
or the bylaws.
New York law further provides that if, for a period of one month
after the date fixed by or under the bylaws for the annual meeting of
stockholders or, if no date has been so fixed, for a period of 13 months after
the last annual meeting, there is a failure to elect a sufficient number of
directors to conduct the business of the corporation, the board shall call a
special meeting for the election of directors.
If the special meeting is not
called by the board within two weeks after the expiration of the period or if it
is called but there is a failure to elect the directors for a period of two
months after the expiration of the period, holders of 10% of the votes of the
shares entitled to vote in an election of directors may demand a special meeting
for the election of directors.
The Barr bylaws provide that a special meeting of
the stockholders may be called at any time by the board of directors, and can be
called by the President or Secretary of Barr at the written request of the
holders of 25% of the shares of Barr stock outstanding and entitled to vote.
The
Barr bylaws provide that notice of a stockholder meeting must be given not less
than 10 or more than 60 days before the meeting.
All meetings of stockholders
are held at Barr's principal office, or such other location as the notice may
provide.

  
Duramed

     Delaware law provides that special meetings of stockholders may be called
by the board of directors or by the persons authorized by the certificate of
incorporation or by the bylaws.
Delaware law further provides that if an annual
meeting is not held within 30 days of the date designated for the meeting, or is
not held for a period of 13 months after the last annual meeting, the Delaware
Court of Chancery may summarily order a meeting to be held if requested by any
stockholder or director.
The Duramed bylaws provide that special meetings of the
stockholders may be called by directors or by any officer instructed by the
directors to call the meeting.
Written notice of all meetings of stockholders
must be given, stating the place, date, and hour of the meeting and stating the
place within the location where the meeting is to be held at which the list of
stockholders of Duramed may be examined.
The notice of annual meeting shall
state that the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the
transaction of other business that may properly come before the meeting and
shall state the purposes of the meeting.
The notice of a special meeting shall
in all instances state the purposes for which the meeting is called.
Notice of
any meeting shall be given not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days before
the date of the meeting, unless the lapse of the prescribed period of time shall
have been waived and unless the stockholders will vote on a merger of Duramed at
the meeting, in which case Delaware law requires notice to be provided to each
stockholder not less than 20 days prior to the meeting.


CUMULATIVE VOTING

  Barr

     Under New York law, the certificate of incorporation of a corporation may
provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors.
Barr's certificate
of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, the certificate of incorporation of a corporation may
provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors or at elections held
under specified circumstances.
Duramed's certificate of incorporation does not
provide for cumulative voting.


NUMBER AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

  Barr

     Subject to certain limitations, New York law permits the number of
directors of a corporation to be fixed by its bylaws, by action of the
stockholders or by action of the board under the specific provision of a bylaw
adopted by the stockholders.
At each annual meeting of the stockholders,
directors are to be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting, except
for corporations with classified boards.
New York law permits the certificate of
incorporation or the specific provisions of a bylaw adopted by the stockholders
to provide that directors be divided into either two, three or four classes.

     
The Barr bylaws provide that the total number of directors will be eight,
unless otherwise determined by a majority vote of the entire board of directors.

The bylaws also provide that the number of directors may never be less than
three, unless all of the outstanding shares of Barr stock are owned beneficially
and of record by less than three stockholders, in which event the number of
directors may not be less than the number of stockholders.
Barr currently has
ten directors.
Barr's board of directors is not classified.

  Duramed

     Delaware law permits the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws of a
corporation to contain provisions governing the number and terms of directors.

However, if the certificate of incorporation contains provisions fixing the
number of directors, the number may not be changed without amending the
certificate of incorporation.
Delaware law also permits the certificate of
incorporation of a corporation or a bylaw adopted by the stockholders to provide
that directors be divided into one, two or three classes.
The term of office of
one class of directors shall expire each year with the terms of office of no two
classes expiring the same year.

     
The Duramed bylaws provide that the total number of directors will be at
least one, the number to be determined from time to time by resolution of
Duramed's board of directors.
No decrease in the size of the board of directors
may shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Duramed currently has nine
directors.
Duramed's board of directors is not classified.


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

  Barr

     New York law provides that any or all of the directors may be removed for
cause by vote of the stockholders.
The certificate of incorporation or bylaws
adopted by the stockholders may provide for the removal by action of the board,
except in the case of any director elected by cumulative voting, or by the
holders of the shares of any class or series, or holders of bonds, voting as a
class, when so entitled by the certificate of incorporation.
If the certificate
of incorporation or the bylaws so provide, any or all of the directors may be
removed without cause by vote of the stockholders.

     
The removal of directors, with or without cause, is subject to the
following:

     - in the case of a corporation having cumulative voting, no director may be
       removed when the votes cast against the director's removal would be
       sufficient to elect the director if voted cumulatively; and

     - if a director is elected by the holders of shares of any class or series,
       the director may be removed only by the applicable vote of the holders of
       the shares of that class or series voting as a class.

     
An action to procure a judgment removing a director for cause may be
brought by the attorney general or by the holders of 10% of the outstanding
shares, whether or not entitled to vote.

     
Barr's bylaws provide that any director may be removed at any time, with or
without cause, by the stockholders at a special meeting of the stockholders
called for that purpose.
The bylaws also provide that a director may be removed
by the board of directors for cause.

  
Duramed

     Delaware law provides that a director or directors may be removed with or
without cause by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote
at an election of directors, except that:

     - members of a classified board may be removed only for cause, unless the
       certificate of incorporation provides otherwise; and

     - in the case of a corporation having cumulative voting, if less than the
       entire board is to be removed, no director may be removed without cause
       if the votes cast against the director's removal would be sufficient to
       elect the director if then cumulatively voted at an election of the
       entire board of directors or of the class of directors of which the
       director is a part.

     
Duramed's bylaws provide that any Duramed director may be removed, with or
without cause, by vote of the stockholders.


VACANCIES

  Barr

     Under New York law, newly created directorships resulting from an increase
in the number of directors and vacancies occurring in the board for any reason
except the removal of directors without cause may be filled by vote of the board
of directors then in office, though less than a quorum.
However, the certificate
of incorporation or bylaws may provide that such newly created directorships or
vacancies are to be filled by vote of the stockholders.
Unless the certificate
of incorporation or bylaws adopted by the stockholders provide that the board
may fill vacancies occurring on the board by reason of the removal of directors
without cause, such vacancies may be filled only by vote of the stockholders.

     
A director elected to fill a vacancy, unless elected by the stockholders,
will hold office until the next meeting of stockholders at which the election of
directors is in the regular order of business and until his or her successor is
elected and qualified.
Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, notwithstanding the above, whenever the holders of any
class or classes of shares or series are entitled to elect one or more directors
by the certificate of incorporation, any vacancy that may be filled by the board
or a majority of the directors then in office will be filled by a majority of
the directors then in office elected by the class or classes or series.
However,
if no such director is in office, then the vacancy may be filled by the
stockholders as provided above.

     
Barr's bylaws provide that any vacancy in the board of directors occurring
as a result of an increase in the number of directors, or by reason of the
death, resignation, disqualification, removal (unless a vacancy created by the
removal of a director by the stockholders is filled by the stockholders at the
meeting at which the removal was effected) or inability to act of any director,
or otherwise, will be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the
majority vote of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, at any
regular or special meeting of the board of directors called for that purpose.

  
Duramed

     Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation or the bylaws, vacancies on the board of directors and newly
created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of
directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although
less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director.
In the case of a
classified board, such vacancies and newly created directorships may be filled
by a majority of the directors elected by the class, or by the sole remaining
director so elected.
In the case of a classified board, directors elected to
fill vacancies or newly created directorships hold office until the next
election of the class for which they have been chosen, and until their
successors have been duly elected and qualified.
In addition, the Delaware Court
of Chancery

may summarily order an election to fill any such vacancy or newly created
directorship, or replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office,
if:

     - at the time of the filling of any such vacancy or newly created
       directorship, the directors in office constitute less than a majority of
       the whole board as constituted immediately before the increase; and

     - any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number
       of outstanding shares entitled to vote for the directors applies to the
       Delaware Court of Chancery for the order.

     
Duramed's bylaws provide that any vacancies may be filled for the unexpired
term by a majority vote of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum,
or by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders at any annual or special
meeting.


INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

  Barr

     Under New York law, a corporation may indemnify its directors and officers
made, or threatened to be made, a party to any action or proceeding, except for
stockholder derivative suits, if the director or officer acted in good faith,
for a purpose which he or she reasonably believed to be in or, in the case of
service to another corporation or enterprise, not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation, and, in criminal proceedings, had no reasonable cause to
believe his or her conduct was unlawful.
In the case of stockholder derivative
suits, the corporation may indemnify a director or officer if he or she acted in
good faith for a purpose which he or she reasonably believed to be in or, in the
case of service to another corporation or enterprise, not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation.
However, no indemnification may be made in respect
of

     - a threatened action, or a pending action which is settled or otherwise
       disposed of; or

     - any claim, issue or matter as to which the person has been adjudged to be
       liable to the corporation,

unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action was brought,
or, if no action was brought, any court of competent jurisdiction, determines
upon application that, in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for the portion of the settlement
amount and expenses as the court deems proper.

     
Any person who has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the
defense of a civil or criminal action or proceeding will be entitled to
indemnification.
Except as provided in the preceding sentence, unless ordered by
a court pursuant to New York law, any indemnification under New York law
pursuant to the above paragraph may be made only if authorized in the specific
case and after a finding that the director or officer met the requisite standard
of conduct by:

     - the disinterested directors if a quorum is available;

     - by the board upon the written opinion of independent legal counsel; or

     - by the stockholders.

     
The indemnification described above under New York law is not exclusive of
other indemnification rights to which a director or officer may be entitled by:

     - the certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

     - a resolution of stockholders;

     - a resolution of directors; or

     - an agreement providing for such indemnification.

     
However, no indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any director or
officer if a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the director or
officer establishes that his or her acts were committed in bad faith or were the
result of active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of
action so

adjudicated, or that he or she personally gained in fact a financial profit or
other advantage to which he or she was not legally entitled.

     
Barr's bylaws provide that it may indemnify any officer or director of Barr
against the reasonable expenses incurred in an action arising out of or related
to his connection to Barr if such director or officer acted in good faith for a
purpose which he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of Barr.
No
indemnification is available in relation to matters as to which such director or
officer is adjudged to have breached his duty to Barr.

  Duramed

     Under Delaware law, a corporation may indemnify any director, officer,
employee or agent made or threatened to be made party to any threatened, pending
or completed proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner such
person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable
cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.
Duramed's certificate of
incorporation requires Duramed to indemnify these persons to the full extent
permitted by Delaware law.

     
Delaware law also establishes several mandatory rules for indemnification.

In the case of a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation to procure a
judgment in its favor, a corporation may indemnify an officer, director,
employee or agent if the person acted in good faith and in a manner such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation.
However, no person found to be liable to the corporation may be
indemnified unless the court in which the action or suit was brought determines
that the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such
expenses.
A director or officer who is successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in defense of any proceeding subject to the indemnification provisions of
Delaware law must be indemnified by the corporation for reasonable expenses
incurred, including attorneys' fees.
Delaware law states that a determination
must be made that a director or officer has met the required standard of conduct
before the director or officer may be indemnified.
The determination may be made
by a majority vote of a quorum of disinterested directors, by independent legal
counsel in a written opinion if a majority of disinterested directors so
directs, or by the stockholders.

     
Delaware law also provides that a corporation may advance expenses to an
officer or director upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the
officer or director to repay the corporation if it is determined that the
required standard of conduct has not been met.


LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS

  Barr

     New York law provides that a corporation's certificate of incorporation may
contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors
to the corporation or its stockholders for damages for any breach of duty in
such capacity.
However, no such provision can eliminate or limit the liability
of any director:

     - if a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such director
       establishes that such director's acts or omissions were in bad faith, or
       involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or that
       the director personally gained in fact a financial profit or other
       advantage to which such director was not legally entitled or that the
       director's acts violated certain provisions of New York law; or

     - for any act or omission prior to the adoption of such a provision in the
       certificate of incorporation.

     
Neither Barr's certificate of incorporation nor bylaws contain any
provision relating to the personal liability of directors and officers of Barr.

  Duramed

     Delaware law provides that a corporation's certificate of incorporation may
include a provision limiting the personal liability of a director to the
corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach

of fiduciary duty as a director.
However, the provision cannot eliminate or
limit the liability of a director for:

     - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
       stockholders;

     - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

     - violation of certain provisions of Delaware law;

     - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit; or

     - any act or omission prior to the adoption of the provision in the
       certificate of incorporation.

     
Duramed's certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent
of the law, a director of Duramed will not be liable to Duramed or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.


RIGHTS PLANS

  Barr

     New York law expressly authorizes the adoption of a rights plan by a
corporation's board of directors and 20% stock ownership is the required minimum
ownership to trigger the right under such rights plan.
Barr has no rights plan.

  
Duramed

     Delaware law has no express statutory provision permitting adoption of a
rights plan.
Delaware courts have determined, however, that Delaware law permits
valid adoption of a rights plan by a company's board of directors.
Delaware
courts have not determined that a minimum percentage of shares must be owned by
a person before rights are triggered under a rights plan.

     
Duramed has a rights agreement with The Provident Bank under which Duramed
issued rights to purchase Series A preferred stock of Duramed (or comparable
preferred stock of Duramed if the aggregate amount of issued and outstanding
shares of Series A preferred stock to be used equals the authorized amount).

Each right entitles Duramed common stockholders to buy one one-hundredth newly
issue of such preferred stock at an exercise price of $80.00.
The rights are
exercisable if a person or group acquires 20% or more of Duramed common stock,
announces a tender offer or exchange offer for 30% or more of Duramed common
stock or is declared an adverse person by the Duramed board of directors.
The
rights also provide Duramed common stockholders with the right to purchase, in
lieu of the preferred stock, shares of Duramed common stock having a market
value at that time of twice each right's exercise price under certain
circumstances where a person or group has acquired a 30% block of Duramed's
common stock or been declared an adverse person.

     
Under the merger agreement, Duramed represents and warrants that it has
taken all actions necessary to cause the rights agreement to be amended to
render it inapplicable to the merger transaction, to ensure that the merger does
not trigger the exercise clauses of the rights agreement and to terminate the
rights agreement upon consummation of the merger.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

     
The legality of Barr common stock offered by the joint proxy
statement/prospectus and certain United States federal income tax consequences
of the merger will be passed upon for Barr by Winston & Strawn, which from time
to time acts as counsel and tax counsel for Barr and its subsidiaries.

     
Certain United States federal income tax consequences of the merger will be
passed upon for Duramed by its tax counsel, Taft, Stettinius & Hollister LLP,
which from time to time acts as counsel for Duramed.
Timothy E. Hoberg, Esq., a
partner in that firm, is Assistant Secretary of Duramed.
Attorneys for that firm
participating in the matter beneficially own approximately 16,000 shares of
Duramed common stock.

                                    
EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements and related financial statement
schedule of Barr incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference from Barr's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended June 30,
2000 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated
in their report, which is incorporated herein by reference (which report
expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph referring
to a restatement of the financial statements), and have been so incorporated in
reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.

     
The consolidated financial statements of Duramed incorporated in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus by reference to the Duramed Annual Report on Form
10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 have been so incorporated in
reliance on the report of Ernst & Young LLP, independent accountants, given on
the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

     As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Barr's board of
directors knows of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting of Barr stockholders other than as described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

     
As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Duramed's board of
directors knows of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting of Duramed stockholders other than as described in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

                          
FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Barr's 2001 annual meeting of stockholders is scheduled to take place on
October 25, 2001.
The deadline for submission of stockholder proposals for
inclusion in Barr's proxy materials for the 2001 Barr annual meeting was May 28,
2001.
The deadline for submission of stockholder proposals for inclusion in
Barr's proxy materials for the 2002 annual meeting is [     ].

     
In addition to meeting other requirements specified in the Barr bylaws, the
required notice by the stockholder for the 2002 annual meeting must be received
in writing by the Secretary of Barr no later than [     ]; provided, however,
that if the date of the 2002 annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior
to, or delayed by more than 30 days after, the anniversary of the 2001 annual
meeting, the stockholders notice must be received no later than the close of
business on the later of (1) the [     ] day prior to such annual meeting or (2)
the [     ] day following the day on which public announcement of the meeting is
first made.

     
Duramed's 2002 annual meeting of stockholders is scheduled to take place in
early May 2002.
Duramed will hold a 2002 annual meeting of Duramed stockholders
only if the merger is not completed before the time of such meeting.
The
deadline for submission of stockholder proposals for inclusion in Duramed's
proxy materials for the 2002 annual meeting is December 6, 2001.
If the merger
is not completed, Duramed stockholders may present proper proposals for
consideration at the 2002 annual meeting of Duramed stockholders by submitting
the proposals in writing to the Secretary of Duramed.

     
Separate from the requirements described above concerning the notice
required for a proposal to be included in the its proxy statement, the Duramed
bylaws also provide for advance notice of nominations by stockholders for
election of stockholder nominees as directors at an annual meeting and of other
proposals to be presented at the annual meeting of stockholders, even if such
nominations or proposals are not to be included in the Duramed proxy statement.

In addition to meeting other requirements specified in the Duramed bylaws, the
required notice by the stockholder for the 2002 annual meeting must be received
in writing by the Secretary of Duramed no earlier than January 5, 2002 and no
later than February 4, 2002.

     
Any such proposal must meet the requirements of the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to be eligible for inclusion
in the proxy documents.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Barr and Duramed file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

You may read and copy any of these documents at the Securities and Exchange
Commission's public reference rooms at the following locations:

Public Reference Room       New York Regional Office      Chicago Regional Office
450 Fifth Street, N.W.      7 World Trade Center          Citicorp Center
Room 1024                   Suite 1300                    500 West Madison Street
Washington, D.C. 20549      New York, NY 10048            Suite 1400
                                                          Chicago, IL 60661-2511

     Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference rooms.
These Securities and Exchange
Commission filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and at the website maintained by the Securities and Exchange
Commission at "http://www.sec.gov".
Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Barr may also be inspected at the offices of the New York
Stock Exchange at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.

     
The Securities and Exchange Commission allows Barr and Duramed to
"incorporate by reference" information into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, which means that the companies can disclose important
information to you by referring you to other documents filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
The information incorporated by reference is
considered part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for any
information superseded by information contained directly in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or in later filed documents incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     
This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents set forth below that Barr and Duramed have previously filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
These documents contain important business
and financial information about Barr and Duramed that is not included in or
delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus.


BARR FILINGS

     - Annual Report on Form 10-K 405 for Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2000,
       August 25, 2000 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K405/A, filed
       on May 15, 2001)

     - Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter ended September 30,
       2000, filed November 13, 2000 (as amended by Form 10-Q/A, filed on May
       15, 2001)

     - Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter ended December 31,
       2000, filed February 13, 2001 (as amended by Form 10-Q/A, filed on May
       15, 2001)

     - Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 8, 2001

     - Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31,
       2001, filed on May 15, 2001

     - Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 21, 2001

     - Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2001

DURAMED FILINGS

     - Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2000, filed
       on March 20, 2001 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A, filed on
       March 21, 2001)

     - Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31,
       2001, filed May 9, 2001

     - Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2001

     Barr and Duramed also incorporate by reference additional documents that
may be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and, in the case of Barr, the date of the completion of the
merger, and, in the case of Duramed, the date of the special meeting of
Duramed's stockholders.
These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as
well as proxy statements.

     
Barr has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to Barr and Duramed has supplied
all such information relating to Duramed.

     
You also may obtain the documents incorporated by reference from the
companies without charge, excluding all exhibits, except that if the companies
have specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the exhibit will also be provided without charge.
You may
request a document incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by writing or calling the company that filed it at the
following address:

   Barr Laboratories, Inc.             or       Duramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
       
Two Quaker Road                              7155 East Kemper Road
       P.O. Box D 2900                               Cincinnati, OH 45249
    Pomona, NY 10970-0519                       Attention: Investor Relations
Attention: Investor Relations                     Telephone: (513) 731-9900
  Telephone: (845) 362-1100

     You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
We have not authorized
anyone to provide you with information that is different from what is contained
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus
is dated [     ], 2001.
You should not assume that the information contained in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that
date.
Neither the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to
stockholders nor the issuance of Barr common stock in the merger creates any
implication to the contrary.

               
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains and incorporates by
reference "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the safe harbors provided by
Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act.
These
statements are not statements of historical fact and relate to matters such as
future business operations, prospects, revenue and income, business strategies,
operating efficiencies and synergies, competitive positions, growth
opportunities and plans or objectives of management for each of Barr, Duramed
and the combined company, as the case may be.
Forward-looking statements are
necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the senior management of
Barr (with regard to matters relating to Barr) and Duramed (with regard to
matters relating to Duramed) and involve a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements.
These statements should, therefore, be considered in
light of various important factors, including those set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.
Important factors that could cause actual results to
differ

materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking
statements include without limitation:

     - the timing and outcome of legal proceedings;

     - the difficulty in predicting the timing of FDA approvals;

     - the difficulty in predicting the timing and outcome of court decisions on
       patent challenges, including the possible U.S. Supreme Court review of
       the Prozac decision;

     - court and FDA decisions on exclusivity periods;

     - market and customer acceptance and demand for new pharmaceutical
       products;

     - the ability to market proprietary products;

     - the impact of competitive products and pricing;

     - timing and success of product development and launch;

     - availability of raw materials;

     - fluctuations in operating results;

     - competitive factors, including technological advances achieved and
       patents attained by competitors and generic competition as patents on
       Barr's and Duramed's products expire;

     - government laws and regulations affecting their operations, including
       those relating to trade, monetary and fiscal policies, taxes, price
       controls, regulatory approval of new products and licensing; and

     - other factors detailed from time to time in our filings with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission.

     
Words such as "estimate," "project," "plan," "intend," "expect," "believe"
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     
The list above sets forth some, but not all, of the factors that could
impact upon Barr's and Duramed's ability to achieve results described in any
forward-looking statements.
Further information for the respective companies can
be found in Exhibit 99(b) of Barr's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2000 and in Duramed's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
You should not place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements, as they speak only as of the date made.
You also
should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such
factors and that the list should not be considered a complete statement of all
potential risks and uncertainties.
If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or
unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially
from Barr's and Duramed's projections.
Barr and Duramed undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements as a result of future events or
developments.

                                                                         
ANNEX 1

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  BY AND AMONG

                            BARR LABORATORIES, INC.,

                            BETA MERGER SUB
I, INC.

                                      AND

                         DURAMED PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

                           DATED AS OF JUNE 29, 2001

                               

                                                                               PAGE
                                                                               ----

ARTICLE 1.       
THE MERGER..................................................     
2
Section 1.1.     
The Merger..................................................     2
Section 1.2.     
Closing.....................................................     2
Section 1.3.     
Effective Time..............................................     2
Section 1.4.     
Effects of the Merger.......................................     
2
Section 1.5.     
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
                 Corporation.................................................     2
Section 1.6.     
Directors...................................................     2
Section 1.7.     
Officers....................................................     
2
ARTICLE 2.       EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT
                 CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES......................     2
Section 2.1.     
Capital Stock of Merger Sub.................................     2
Section 2.2.     
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent Owned Stock.......     3
Section 2.3.     
Conversion of Company Stock.................................     
3
Section 2.4.     
Exchange of Certificates....................................     3
Section 2.5.     
Stock Transfer Books........................................     
6
ARTICLE 3.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY...............     6
Section 3.1.     
Organization, Qualification, Etc............................     6
Section 3.2.     
Capital Stock...............................................     6
Section 3.3.     
Corporate Authority Relative to this Agreement; No
                 Violation...................................................     7
Section 3.4.     
Reports and Financial Statements............................     7
Section 3.5.     
No Undisclosed Liabilities..................................     8
Section 3.6.     
No Violation of Law.........................................     8
Section 3.7.     
Environmental Laws and Regulations..........................     
8
Section 3.8.     
No Undisclosed Employee Benefit Plan Liabilities or
                 Severance Arrangements......................................     9
Section 3.9.     
Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................    11
Section 3.10.    
Investigations; Litigation..................................    11
Section 3.11.    
Joint Proxy Statement; Registration Statement; Other
                 Information.................................................    11
Section 3.12.    