URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/751364/000095013301502040/0000950133-01-502040.txt

 
was relied upon by Captec's board of directors,
that, as of the date of the merger agreement, the merger consideration to be
received by Captec stockholders was fair to Captec's stockholders from a
financial point of view.
UBS Warburg's written opinion, dated as of July 1,
2001, is attached to this proxy statement-prospectus as Appendix B. We encourage
you to carefully read this opinion it its entirety for a description of the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken by UBS Warburg in providing its opinion.
See "THE
MERGER -- Opinion of Captec's Financial Advisor" (p.      ).

     
Appraisal Rights.  
Under Delaware law you have the right to a judicial
appraisal and to receive the fair value in cash of your Captec common stock,
provided that you do not vote in favor of the merger and fulfill the other
requirements of Delaware law.
See "ADDITIONAL INFORMATION -- Appraisal Rights"
(p.   ).


SPECIAL MEETING AND VOTING (P.   )

     The Special Meeting.  
The special meeting of the stockholders will be held
on           , 2001 at           a.m. at           .
At the special meeting,
Captec's stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to
approve the merger.
See "THE SPECIAL MEETING" (p.   ).

     
Record Date and Voting Power.  
Captec's board of directors has fixed the
close of business on           , 2001 as the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting.
As of
the record date, 9,508,108 shares of Captec common stock were outstanding and
held by approximately           stockholders of record.
Captec has no other
class of voting securities outstanding.
Stockholders of record on the record
date will be entitled to one vote for each share of Captec common stock held by
them on the proposal to approve the merger and any other matter that may
properly come before the meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the
meeting.
See "THE SPECIAL MEETING" (p.   ).

     
Quorum and Vote Required.  
Captec's bylaws require the presence, in person
or by duly executed proxy, of shares representing at least a majority of the
votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting in order to constitute a
quorum.
Delaware law requires the affirmative vote of shares representing a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to be voted at the special meeting
to approve the merger.
Failure to return your proxy or direct your broker or
nominee how to vote your proxy will have the same effect as a vote against the
merger.
See "THE SPECIAL MEETING -- Proxies; Proxy Solicitation" (p.   ).

     
Proxies, Voting and Revocation.  
Shares represented at the special meeting
by properly executed proxies received prior to or at the special meeting and not
revoked will be voted at the special meeting, and at any adjournments or
postponements of the special meeting, in accordance with the instructions on the
proxies.
If a proxy is duly executed and submitted without instructions, except
for broker non-votes,

the shares represented by that proxy will be voted "FOR" the approval of the
merger.
Proxies are being solicited on behalf of Captec's board of directors.

     
A proxy may be revoked by the person who executed it at, or before, the
taking of the vote at the special meeting by:

     - delivering to Captec's secretary a written revocation of a previously
       delivered proxy bearing a later date than the proxy;

     - executing, dating and delivering to Captec's secretary a subsequently
       dated proxy; or

     - attending the special meeting and voting in person.

     
Attendance at the special meeting will not, by itself, constitute
revocation of a proxy.
See "THE SPECIAL MEETING -- Proxies; Proxy Solicitation"
(p.   ).

     
Captec will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies and reimburse
brokerage houses, fiduciaries, nominees and others for out-of-pocket expenses in
forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners of Captec common stock held in
their names.
Captec has retained the services of Georgeson Shareholder
Communications, Inc. to assist in the solicitation.

     
Broker Votes.  
Shares held in the name of your broker or a nominee, or in
"street name," will not be voted by your broker or nominee unless you provide
instructions on how to vote.
Your broker or nominee will provide directions
regarding how to instruct your broker or nominee to vote your shares.
Without
your instructions, your shares will not be voted, which will have the same
effect as a vote against the merger.

     
If you hold your shares in a brokerage account, your brokerage firm may
also provide you with the ability to vote electronically, including voting by
internet and/or telephone.
Instructions for these voting methods, if they are
being made available to you, are included on the ballot that accompanies this
proxy statement.


SELECTED MERGER AGREEMENT PROVISIONS (P.  )

     Conditions to the Merger.  
Each party's obligation to complete the merger
depends upon the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including:

     - approval of the merger by Captec's stockholders;

     - absence of governmental actions having the effect of making the merger
       illegal or otherwise prohibiting the merger; and

     - listing on the New York Stock Exchange of the CNLR common stock and
       preferred stock to be issued to Captec's stockholders.

     
CNLR's obligation to complete the merger also depends upon the satisfaction
or waiver of a number of additional conditions, including:

     - the material correctness of the representations and warranties of Captec
       in the merger agreement and the material performance by Captec of its
       obligations under the merger agreement;

     - receipt by CNLR of an opinion of its counsel that the merger will be
       treated as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes;

     - receipt by CNLR of an opinion of Captec's counsel as to the status of
       Captec as a REIT;

     - receipt by CNLR of a letter from Captec's independent auditors confirming
       that Captec has distributed all of its earnings and profits for all
       taxable years through the date of the closing of the merger; and

     - other than completion of the merger, the satisfaction of all of the
       conditions to closing contained in the asset purchase agreement relating
       to the sale of the excluded assets.
See "THE MERGER -- Asset Purchase
       Agreement" (p.  ).


For a more detailed description of the conditions to the merger, see "THE MERGER
AGREEMENT -- Conditions to the Merger"(p.  ).

     
Termination of the Merger Agreement.  
Captec and CNLR may, by mutual
written consent, terminate the merger agreement without completing the merger.

The merger agreement may also be terminated:

     
By either Captec or CNLR:

     - if the merger is not approved by Captec's stockholders;

     - if the merger is not completed by January 31, 2002;

     - if any final, nonappealable order of any governmental entity or court is
       in effect that prevents the completion of the merger;

     - if any of the conditions to a party's obligation to complete the merger
       becomes impossible to fulfill and is not waived by the other party; or

     - if it is not in material breach of its obligations under the merger
       agreement and if any of the representations and warranties of the other
       party are materially untrue or inaccurate or the other party has breached
       any of its covenants or agreements in the merger agreement so that any of
       the other party's conditions to complete the merger would not be
       satisfied.

     
By CNLR:

     - if Captec's board of directors approves or recommends, or proposes to
       approve or recommend, an acquisition proposal other than the merger;
       withdraws or modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger or
       causes Captec to enter into any letter of intent or agreement for a
       competing acquisition proposal; or

     - if a tender or exchange offer for Captec is commenced and, within 10
       business days thereof, Captec's board of directors fails to recommend
       rejection of the tender offer or exchange offer.

     
For a more detailed description relating to termination of the merger
agreement, see "THE MERGER AGREEMENT -- Termination and Termination Fee" (p.
  ).

     
Termination Fee.  
Captec must pay to CNLR a termination fee of up to $5.0
million if the merger agreement is terminated by CNLR because:

     - Captec's board of directors approves or recommends, or proposes to
       approve or recommend, an acquisition proposal other than the merger;
       withdraws or modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger, or
       causes Captec to enter into any letter of intent or agreement for a
       competing acquisition proposal;

     - a tender or exchange offer for Captec is commenced and, within 10
       business days thereof, Captec's board of directors fails to recommend
       rejection of the tender offer or exchange offer; or

     - Captec's stockholders fail to approve the merger agreement or the merger
       agreement is terminated by CNLR as a result of any of Captec's
       representations and warranties being materially untrue or inaccurate, or
       Captec's breach of any of its covenants or agreements in the merger
       agreement such that its conditions to complete the merger would not be
       satisfied and, within nine months thereafter, Captec enters into any
       written agreement for a competing acquisition proposal which is
       subsequently completed.

     
If the merger agreement is terminated under certain other circumstances
Captec and CNLR are obligated to pay to the other the lesser of $1.0 million or
the other party's actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
For a more detailed
description relating to termination of the merger agreement, see "THE MERGER
AGREEMENT -- Termination and Termination Fee" (p.   ).


FINANCING, ACCOUNTING AND TAX MATTERS (P.   )

     Financing.  
There are no financing contingencies to the completion of the
merger.

     Accounting.  
The merger will be accounted for under the "purchase" method
of accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
The
aggregate consideration paid by CNLR in connection with the merger will be
allocated to Captec's assets and liabilities based on their fair values.

     
Federal Income Tax Consequences.  
The merger has been structured to qualify
as a "reorganization" for federal income tax purposes.
Even if your tax basis in
your Captec common stock exceeds the fair market value of the cash, CNLR common
stock and preferred stock you receive in the merger, you will not recognize any
loss on the exchange.
If the fair market value of this cash, CNLR common stock
and preferred stock exceeds your tax basis in your Captec common stock, you will
recognize taxable gain, but only to the extent this fair market value is greater
than your tax basis, or only to the extent of the cash you receive, whichever
number is smaller.
If the CNLR preferred stock is determined to be "nonqualified
preferred stock," you will recognize gain, but only to the extent the fair
market value of the cash, CNLR common stock, and preferred stock you receive
exceeds your tax basis in your Captec common stock, or to the extent of the cash
and the fair market value of the CNLR preferred stock you receive, whichever is
smaller.
CNLR will take the position, and has represented to Captec, that the
CNLR preferred stock is not "nonqualified preferred stock," but its position is
not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any court having jurisdiction
over such matters.

                           
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This proxy statement-prospectus, including the documents incorporated
herein by reference, contains "forward-looking statements" which represent
Captec's and CNLR's expectations or beliefs, including, but not limited to,
statements concerning industry performance and Captec's and CNLR's results,
operations, performance, financial condition, plans, growth and strategies,
which include, without limitation:

     - statements concerning implementation of CNLR's business plan following
       the merger;

     - statements concerning CNLR's financial performance following the merger;

     - statements concerning CNLR's anticipated dividend policy following the
       merger;

     - statements concerning the anticipated financial and other benefits of the
       merger;

     - statements concerning the operating efficiencies or synergies,
       competitive positions and growth opportunities expected to be achieved
       following the merger;

     - statements concerning the market for CNLR common stock and preferred
       stock following the merger;

     - statements preceded or followed by or that include the words "may,"
       "will," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate," or
       "continue" or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable
       terminology; and

     - the matters discussed in "Risk Factors" beginning on page      .

     
Any statements contained in this proxy statement-prospectus or any document
incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may
be deemed to be forward-looking statements.
These statements by their nature
involve substantial risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond Captec's
and CNLR's control, and actual results may differ materially depending on a
variety of important factors, many of which are also beyond Captec's and CNLR's
control.
You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus.

Neither Captec nor CNLR undertakes any obligation to update or release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this proxy statement-prospectus or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events.

                                  
RISK FACTORS

     
The merger involves certain risks.
Also, by voting in favor of the merger,
Captec's stockholders will be choosing to invest in CNLR's capital stock.
An
investment in CNLR's capital stock involves certain risks.
In addition to the
other information contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement-prospectus, Captec's stockholders should carefully consider the
following risk factors in deciding whether to vote for the merger.


RISKS RELATED TO CNLR'S BUSINESS

     Three of CNLR's tenants, HomePlace of America, Inc., d/b/a Waccamaw's
HomePlace, Heilig-Meyers Company and HomeLife Company, have each respectively
filed voluntary petitions for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code.
As a result, each of these tenants has a right to reject or
affirm its leases with CNLR.

     
HomePlace has rejected all 6 of its leases with CNLR.
In addition,
Heilig-Meyers has rejected 12 of its 17 leases with CNLR and assigned one of its
leases to a new tenant pursuant to Bankruptcy Code procedures.
There can be no
assurance that Heilig-Meyers will not reject some or all of the remaining leases
held by it in the future.
HomeLife has filed a motion to reject all 5 of its
leases in the bankruptcy proceeding.
Regardless of such election by HomeLife,
Sears, Roebuck & Co., as assignor of the leases to HomeLife, will remain liable
under the leases.

     
The lost revenues resulting from the rejection by any bankrupt tenant of
any of their respective leases with CNLR could have a material adverse affect on
CNLR's liquidity and results of operations, if CNLR is unable to re-lease the
properties at comparable rental rates and in a timely manner.


ABSENCE OF PRIOR PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE CNLR PREFERRED STOCK

     Prior to the merger there has been no public market for the CNLR preferred
stock.
There is no assurance that an active trading market will develop or be
sustained following the merger or that at any time the CNLR preferred stock may
be resold at or above its stated value of $25.00 per share.
The price, if any,
at which the CNLR preferred stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange will
depend upon numerous factors, including market conditions at the time of
completion of the merger and thereafter.


CAPTEC STOCKHOLDERS HAVE FILED THREE LAWSUITS AGAINST CAPTEC IN CONNECTION WITH
THE MERGER

     Following the public announcement by Captec and CNLR of the merger, certain
Captec stockholders filed three lawsuits against Captec and its directors
alleging breaches of fiduciary duty in connection with the merger.
In the
lawsuits, the plaintiffs are seeking a declaration that the action is properly
maintainable as a class action, equitable relief that would enjoin the proposed
merger and unspecified damages.
Such lawsuits could delay the completion of the
merger or result in substantial damage claims against Captec, or, following
completion of the merger, CNLR, as the surviving corporation.


CNLR MAY FACE OPERATIONAL AND STRATEGIC CHALLENGES THAT MAY PREVENT IT FROM
SUCCESSFULLY INTEGRATING CAPTEC WITH CNLR

     The merger involves risks related to the integration and management of
acquired properties and operations.
Because CNLR currently intends not to retain
any of the existing management of Captec, the integration of CNLR and Captec
will be a complex and time-consuming process and may disrupt CNLR's

business if not completed in a timely and efficient manner.
CNLR may encounter
substantial difficulties, costs and delays involved in integrating its
operations with those of Captec, including:

     - perceived adverse changes in business focus;

     - potential conflicts in marketing or other important relationships; and

     - the diversion of management's attention from other ongoing business
       concerns.

     
Further, the completion of the merger poses risks for the ongoing
operations of CNLR, including that:

     - following the merger, CNLR may not achieve the expected cost savings and
       operating efficiencies; and

     - the Captec portfolio may not perform as well as CNLR anticipates.

     
If CNLR fails to integrate Captec successfully and/or fails to realize the
intended benefits of the merger, the market price of CNLR common stock
subsequent to the merger could decline from its current market price and the
price at which the CNLR preferred stock trades also may be adversely affected.

                     HISTORICAL, PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED AND
                      PRO FORMA EQUIVALENT PER SHARE DATA

     Summarized below is specified per common share information for Captec and
CNLR on a historical basis, pro forma consolidated basis and pro forma
equivalent basis.
The pro forma amounts are based on the purchase method of
accounting.

     
The data presented below is not necessarily indicative of the results which
would have actually been attained if the merger had been completed in the past
or the results that may be attained in the future.
The per share data included
in the following table should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Captec and CNLR included
elsewhere in this proxy statement-prospectus.

                                                              
FOR THE THREE
                                                               MONTHS ENDED          FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                              MARCH 31, 2001         DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                            ------------------       ------------------
                                                            BASIC      DILUTED       BASIC      DILUTED
                                                            -----      
-------       -----      -------

Net income per common share:
  Captec..................................................  $0.35       $0.35        $1.53       $1.53
  CNLR....................................................  $0.38       $0.38        $1.27       $1.27
  Captec and CNLR pro forma consolidated..................  $0.39       $0.39        $1.36       $1.36
  Captec pro forma equivalent(1)

                                                              FOR THE THREE
                                                               MONTHS ENDED       FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                              MARCH 31, 2001      DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              --------------      ------------------

Cash distributions declared per common share:
  Captec....................................................      $0.38                 $1.52
  CNLR......................................................      $0.315                $1.245
  Captec and CNLR pro forma consolidated....................      $0.315                $1.245
  Captec pro forma equivalent(1)
Stockholders' equity (book value) per common share (end of
  period):
  Captec....................................................      $14.17
  CNLR......................................................      $12.99
  Captec and CNLR pro forma consolidated....................      $14.21
  Captec pro forma equivalent(1)

- ---------------

(1) Per the merger agreement, consideration of $1.27 in cash, 0.4575 shares of
    CNLR common stock and 0.21034679 shares of CNLR preferred stock will be
    exchanged for each share of Captec common stock.
As a result, disclosure on
    an equivalent per common share basis is not meaningful.

                    
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET INFORMATION

     Captec common stock is listed for quotation on NASDAQ under the symbol
"CRRR."
CNLR common stock is listed for quotation on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "NNN."
On June 29, 2001, the business day immediately preceding
the public announcement of the execution of the merger agreement by Captec and
CNLR, the closing market prices of Captec common stock and CNLR common stock and
the equivalent price per share of CNLR giving effect to the merger,
respectively, were as follows:

                                CAPTEC AND CNLR
                            COMPARATIVE MARKET VALUE

                                                                                    CAPTEC
                                                                                  EQUIVALENT
                                                              CAPTEC    
CNLR    PER SHARE PRICE
                                                              ------   ------   ---------------

June 29, 2001...............................................  $13.31   $14.25       $13.05

     The Captec equivalent per share price is based on the assumption that
stockholders will receive the liquidation preference of $25.00 on the CNLR
preferred stock and based on the $14.25 per share closing price of the CNLR
common stock on June 29, 2001.

     
Prior to the merger there has been no public market for the CNLR preferred
stock.
Absent a current quoted market price for the CNLR preferred stock, the
liquidation preference value has been used to compute the CNLR equivalent per
share price of the Captec common stock.

                   
PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDENDS

     
The following sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low
prices per share of Captec common stock on NASDAQ and CNLR common stock on the
NYSE and the cash dividends declared per share of Captec common stock and CNLR
common stock.
On           , 2001, the record date for the special meeting,
there were approximately           record holders and           beneficial
holders of Captec common stock and approximately           record holders and
          beneficial holders of CNLR common stock.
Prior to the completion of
the merger there will be no issued and outstanding shares of CNLR preferred
stock.

                                                 
CAPTEC                           CNLR
                                      ----------------------------    ----------------------------
                                       HIGH      LOW      DIVIDEND     HIGH      LOW      DIVIDEND
                                      ------    
------    --------    
------    ------    
--------

Calendar 1999
  First Quarter.....................  $13.50    $12.25     $0.380     $13.94    $11.13     $0.310
  Second Quarter....................   
13.81     11.88      0.380      13.81     11.06      0.310
  Third Quarter.....................   
13.56     10.06      0.380      13.19     10.44      0.310
  Fourth Quarter....................   11.00      6.25      0.380      11.56      9.44      0.310
Calendar 2000
  First Quarter.....................  $ 8.94    $ 7.38      0.380     $10.81    $ 9.50     $0.310
  Second Quarter....................   11.06      8.38      0.380      11.50     10.16      0.310
  Third Quarter.....................   11.50     10.13      0.380      11.06     10.25      0.310
  Fourth Quarter....................   11.81     10.56      0.380      11.16      9.81      0.315
Calendar 2001
  First Quarter.....................  $12.56    $11.06      0.380     $11.81    $10.13     $0.315
  Second Quarter....................   13.85     12.05      0.380      14.25     11.50      0.315
  Third Quarter*....................   12.34     11.70      0.380      14.15     12.56      0.315

- ---------------

* Through July 31, 2001

                              THE SPECIAL MEETING

GENERAL

     This proxy statement-prospectus is being furnished to holders of Captec
common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by Captec's board of
directors for use at the special meeting to be held on           , 2001, a.m.,
local time, at           , and at any adjournments or postponements of the
special meeting.
This proxy statement-prospectus, the attached notice of the
special meeting and the accompanying proxy card are first being mailed to
stockholders of Captec on or about           , 2001.


MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED

     At the special meeting, holders of record of shares of Captec common stock
on           , 2001 will consider and vote upon:

     - the merger of Captec with and into CNLR pursuant to which CNLR will be
       the surviving corporation and the separate corporate existence of Captec
       will terminate; and

     - such other business as may properly come before the special meeting or
       any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.


RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Captec's board of directors, based, in part, on the unanimous
recommendation of a special committee, has unanimously approved the merger and
the merger agreement, having concluded that the merger and the merger agreement
are fair to, and in the best interests of, Captec and its stockholders.
Captec's
board of directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote for the merger.

See "THE SPECIAL MEETING -- Recommendations of the Special Committee and the
Board of Directors" (p.   ).


RECORD DATE; SHARES ENTITLED TO BE VOTED; QUORUM

     Captec's board of directors has fixed the close of business on           ,
2001 as the record date for determining the holders of shares of Captec common
stock who are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting.
As of
the record date, 9,508,108 shares of Captec common stock were issued and
outstanding and held of record by approximately           stockholders.
The
holders of record on the record date of shares of Captec common stock are
entitled to one vote per share of Captec common stock.
Pursuant to Captec's
bylaws, the presence of the holders of shares representing a majority of the
outstanding shares of Captec common stock entitled to be voted, whether in
person or by properly executed proxy, is necessary to constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business at the special meeting.
Under Delaware law,
abstentions and "broker non-votes," which are proxies from brokers or nominees
indicating that such persons have not received instructions from the beneficial
owner or other persons entitled to vote shares as to a matter with respect to
which the brokers or nominees do not have discretionary power to vote, will be
treated as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum.

PROXIES; PROXY SOLICITATION

     Shares of Captec common stock represented by properly executed proxies
received at or prior to the special meeting that have not been revoked will be
voted at the special meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on
the proxies.
Shares of Captec common stock represented by properly executed
proxies for which no instruction is given will be voted for approval of the
merger.
Stockholders are requested to complete, sign, date and promptly return
the enclosed proxy card in the postage-prepaid envelope provided for this
purpose to ensure that their shares are voted.
Failure to return your proxy card
or vote at the special meeting will have the same effect as a vote against the
merger.

     
Any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person
giving it at any time before it is voted.
Proxies may be revoked by:

     - filing with Captec's Secretary, at or before the taking of the vote at
       the special meeting, a written revocation bearing a later date than the
       proxy;

     - executing a later dated proxy relating to the same shares of Captec
       common stock and delivering it to Captec's secretary, including by
       facsimile, before the taking of the vote at the special meeting; or

     - attending the special meeting and voting in person.

     
Attendance at the special meeting will not, in and of itself, revoke a
proxy.
Any written revocation or subsequent proxy should be sent so as to be
delivered to Captec Net Lease Realty, Inc., 24 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Lobby
L, 4th Floor, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106, Attention: Corporate Secretary, or hand
delivered to Captec's secretary or his representative at or before the taking of
the vote at the special meeting.

     
If the special meeting is postponed or adjourned, at any subsequent
reconvening of the special meeting all proxies will be voted in the same manner
as such proxies would have been voted at the original convening of the special
meeting, except for any proxies that previously have been revoked or withdrawn
effectively, and notwithstanding that they may have been effectively voted on
the same or any other matter at a previous meeting.
Proxies voting against the
merger will not be voted for a proposal to adjourn the meeting to permit further
solicitation of proxies.

     
Captec will bear the cost of soliciting proxies from its stockholders.

Captec will pay Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.
a fee of $20,000 plus
reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses for its services in soliciting the
return of proxies.
In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and
employees of Captec may solicit proxies by telephone, facsimile transmission, or
otherwise.
Directors, officers and employees of Captec will not be additionally
compensated for any such solicitation, but may be reimbursed for out-of-pocket
expenses incurred.
Brokerage firms, fiduciaries and other custodians who forward
soliciting material to the beneficial owners of Captec common stock held of
record by them will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses incurred in
forwarding such material.


VOTE REQUIRED

     Delaware law requires Captec to obtain stockholder approval of the merger
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Captec common
stock entitled to be voted on the merger.
The affirmative vote of 4,754,055
shares of Captec common stock is required to approve the merger.
If the
stockholders approve the merger proposal and the transaction is subsequently
challenged, Captec may be entitled under Delaware law to assert stockholder
approval as a defense to such challenge.

     
As of July 2, 2001, Patrick L. Beach, Chairman of the Board of Directors,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Captec, and W. Ross Martin, Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Captec, in the
aggregate exercised voting power with respect to 727,552 shares of Captec common
stock, representing 7.65% of the issued and outstanding shares of Captec common
stock on such date.
Simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement by
Captec, Messrs. Beach and Martin executed and delivered to CNLR a stockholders
agreement pursuant to which they agreed to vote all of the shares of Captec
common stock beneficially owned by them at the time of the special meeting in
favor of the merger.
See "THE MERGER -- Stockholders Agreement" (p.      ).

     
In addition, as of the record date, Captec's directors and executive
officers (including Messrs. Beach and Martin) in the aggregate exercised voting
power with respect to 922,356 shares of Captec common stock, representing 9.7%
of the issued and outstanding shares of Captec common stock.
Captec anticipates
that all directors and officers will vote their shares of Captec common stock in
favor of the merger.


EFFECT OF ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES

     For purposes of determining approval of the proposals to be presented at
the special meeting, abstentions and broker non-votes will be deemed present for
purposes of determining the presence of a quorum and will have the same legal
effect as a vote against the merger and any other business that may properly be
voted on at the special meeting.

                                   
THE MERGER

BACKGROUND

     At a regular meeting on May 19, 2000, Captec's board of directors discussed
engaging Prudential Securities Incorporated, then the financial advisor to
Captec, to identify and analyze Captec's strategic options and alternatives to
enhance stockholder value.
Captec's board of directors discussed generally that:

     - Captec had been and continued to be capital constrained, lacking both the
       debt and equity capital necessary to generate meaningful growth;

     - given Captec's small size and other market conditions it could not
       reasonably be expected that these constraints could be eliminated or
       overcome in the foreseeable future;

     - Captec's credit facility would be maturing in less than a year and
       then-current market conditions indicated that Captec would not be able to
       refinance the credit facility on nearly as favorable terms;

     - Captec had derived little if any benefit from its successful joint
       venture investments in terms of improvements in its stock price and
       equity multiple; and

     - Captec's board of directors continued to be concerned about the immediate
       and long-term impact of all of these factors on Captec's ability to
       maintain its dividend rate and to realize a share price indicative of a
       favorable equity multiple relative to the REIT market in general.

     
Following this discussion, a resolution was unanimously adopted authorizing
the engagement of Prudential Securities for the purpose of conducting a study of
strategic alternatives.

     
On June 29, 2000, Captec announced that it had retained Prudential
Securities to study strategic alternatives to maximize Captec's value for
stockholders, including continuation of operations, sale, merger and other
alternatives.

     
At a September 19, 2000 meeting, Captec's board of directors received a
presentation and written report from Prudential Securities analyzing the various
alternatives available to Captec to maximize stockholder value.

     
Prudential Securities' report described that its representatives had met
with Captec's management to discuss Captec's strategies, reviewed management's
financial projections for Captec, its properties, joint ventures and other
assets, discussed Captec's competitive position with Prudential Securities REIT
research analysts, analyzed the current status and outlook for the net lease
sector of the REIT market; assessed Captec's standing within the net lease
sector and the REIT market generally, and analyzed recent transactions within
the REIT sector.

     
Prudential Securities' report stated that:

     - Captec faced numerous challenges in the capital and real estate markets
       and these challenges would make it difficult to increase stockholder
       value;

     - Captec traded at an equity multiple discount relative to both the net
       lease REIT sector and the overall REIT market;

     - Captec's equity multiple discount reflected its small market
       capitalization, limited float, constrained capital capacity, externally
       advised structure, absence of research sponsorship and, more generally,
       the out-of-favor net lease sector;

     - to enhance stockholder value, Captec would need to demonstrate
       significant, consistent and profitable growth over the foreseeable
       future;

     - due to the inability of long-term net leases to generate significant
       internal growth, Captec would require additional capital to generate
       earnings growth through the accretive acquisition of assets;

     - Captec was unable to raise additional capital because:

        - issuing common stock would be extremely dilutive at current stock
          price and dividend levels;

        - issuing preferred stock was not an alternative for a small,
          non-investment grade REIT;

        - limited remaining debt capacity would make growth through additional
          leverage difficult; and

     - Captec's financial constraints, coupled with market forces, would make it
       increasingly difficult for Captec to enhance stockholder value without a
       substantial transaction such as a merger or sale.

     
Prudential Securities reported that it had studied four strategic
alternatives:

     - maintaining Captec as an independent, public REIT;

     - merging or combining with another REIT in a stock-for-stock transaction;

     - selling all or substantially all of Captec's assets in a single
       transaction; and

     - liquidating Captec.

     
The Prudential Securities report concluded that:

     - maintaining Captec's existing strategy would fail to maximize stockholder
       value;

     - a protracted liquidation process is complex and unusual for a public
       company, would be costly and subject to substantial risks that are
       financially immeasurable, and would not be reasonably likely to result in
       any greater value to the stockholders irrespective of those risks; and

     - stockholder value would most likely be maximized through an asset sale or
       merger, each of which could be pursued though a common process.

     
Prudential Securities' report also noted the possibility that Captec
management might have interests in certain possible strategic transactions that
could be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Captec's
stockholders generally, and that could create potential conflicts of interest.

Mr. Beach acknowledged that he had advised Prudential Securities that management
could have an interest in pursuing a strategic transaction with Captec.
As a
result of these discussions, Captec's board of directors established the special
committee to assist it in conducting a process to solicit expressions of
interest for the potential sale of Captec or its assets, to determine if any
potential transaction would be in the best interests of Captec and its public
stockholders, to negotiate the terms of any potential transaction, to consider
the fairness of the consideration to be received in any potential transaction
and to recommend whether the Captec board of directors should approve any
potential transaction.
The special committee initially was comprised of Richard
J. Peters (Chairman), Lee C. Howley, William H. Krul, III and William J.
Chadwick, all of whom are independent directors not employed by or otherwise
affiliated with Captec.
Mr. Chadwick subsequently decided not to serve on the
special committee.

     
Thereafter, the special committee began to negotiate with Prudential
Securities with respect to the possible selection of Prudential Securities as
the special committee's financial advisor.
On October 28, 2000, prior to the
completion of those negotiations, Prudential Securities announced that it was
curtailing its investment banking business.
That announcement did not clearly
indicate Prudential Securities' intentions with respect to its real estate
financial advisory business, but the special committee became concerned at that
time about the ability of Prudential Securities to serve as its financial
advisor.
During November 2000, it became increasingly clear that Prudential
Securities intended to reduce significantly its real estate financial advisory
group.
As a result, the special committee determined that it needed to interview
other financial advisors.
These events delayed the special committee's efforts
to pursue a possible sale of Captec.

     
At a meeting on December 6, 2000, the special committee interviewed UBS
Warburg LLC.
Following the interview, the special committee requested Mr. Peters
to solicit an engagement proposal from UBS Warburg.

     
On January 4, 2001, the special committee met and authorized the retention
of Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell as its counsel.

     
On January 9, 2001, the special committee formally retained UBS Warburg.

     
On January 12, 2001, the special committee met to discuss with UBS Warburg
the procedures for the sale of Captec and to review the confidential information
memorandum to be prepared by UBS Warburg and Captec management.

     
With the assistance of UBS Warburg, the special committee established a
process for the solicitation of interested buyers that was designed to attract
the broadest array of interested parties by allowing them to submit preliminary,
non-binding indications of interest without conducting any due diligence.
It was
expected that this procedure, while enabling the special committee to consider
the greatest number of interested parties, would also result in a significant
number of parties expressing interest and subsequently "dropping out" during the
due diligence phase.
The special committee believed that proceeding in this
manner would maximize the likelihood of receiving an acceptable bid that was
fair to Captec's stockholders.

     
Between late January and late February 2001, UBS Warburg contacted over 50
parties it had identified as potentially having an interest in receiving the
confidential information memorandum concerning Captec.
Those parties included
both potential strategic and financial buyers.
Parties who received the
confidential information memorandum were requested to submit non-binding
indications of interest by February 16, 2001.
Twenty-eight parties received the
confidential information memorandum after signing confidentiality agreements.

     
In connection with Captec's solicitation of offers, CNLR requested that UBS
Warburg distribute a confidential information memorandum to CNLR in January
2001.

     
On January 12, 2001, CNLR and Captec entered into a confidentiality
agreement.

     
On January 23, 2001, Captec publicly announced that the special committee
had retained UBS Warburg as its financial advisor in connection with a possible
sale of Captec.

     
The special committee established February 16, 2001 as the deadline for the
submission of non-binding indications of interest.
Of those 28 parties who
received the confidential information memorandum, seven submitted written,
non-binding indications of interest by February 16, 2001 which are summarized
below:

                                                    PRELIMINARY INDICATION OF INTEREST
                                                                ($/SHARE)
                                                    ----------------------------------

1.................................................                 6.48
2.................................................            12.16 -- 13.74
3.................................................            13.67 -- 14.09
4.................................................            13.00 -- 15.00
5.................................................                 5.85
6.................................................            9.00 -- 10.50
7.................................................            10.94 -- 12.51

     On February 22, 2001, the special committee met to review the indications
of interest and invited four parties (2, 3, 4 and 7), one of which was CNLR, to
participate in the second round of the sale process, which involved due
diligence, visits to Captec and management meetings.

     
On February 27, 2001, Captec announced that it had successfully negotiated
and closed an extension to its credit facility, which otherwise would have
expired on February 28, 2001, for up to nine months.
As a result of the
extension, interest rates on the credit facility immediately increased from a
range of LIBOR plus 1.50% to LIBOR plus 1.75%, depending upon certain leverage
ratios to a new range of LIBOR plus 2.25% to LIBOR plus 2.50%, increasing an
additional 50 basis points for the last three months of the facility.

     
On March 6, 2001, the special committee met to review the status of the
sale process and to review an indication of interest submitted by another
potential bidder which had submitted a non-binding indication of interest of
$12.00 to $13.00 per share after the February 16, 2001 deadline.
The special
committee elected to invite this party into the second round of the sale
process.

     
Through March 2001, four parties that had been invited to participate in
the second round of the sale process visited Captec's offices, met with
management and conducted due diligence.

     
On March 13, 2001, Gary M. Ralston, President and Chief Operating Officer
of CNLR, and Kevin B. Habicht, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of CNLR, Mr. Beach and Mr. Martin, as well as various representatives of
both parties, including their respective financial advisors and CNLR's legal
counsel, conducted a management meeting as part of the second round of the sales
process.

     
On March 16, 2001, CNLR received a draft merger agreement with instructions
that CNLR's bid would be evaluated on the basis of many factors, including the
nature and extent of CNLR's requested changes to the draft merger agreement.
At
or about the same time these materials also were transmitted to the other
interested parties.

     
At a meeting on March 19, 2001, held to review the status of the sale
process, the special committee was advised by UBS Warburg that, during
management meetings with parties conducting due diligence, Captec Financial
Group, Inc., an affiliate of Captec controlled by Messrs. Beach, Martin and H.
Reid Sherard, a director and Senior Vice President-Sales & Marketing of Captec,
had advised UBS Warburg and prospective bidders that, while it intended to
continue to make interest payments when due, its financial condition would not
permit it to repay the $9.6 million outstanding balance due under the demand
loan with Captec were a demand for payment made.
The special committee discussed
with counsel and UBS Warburg the terms of the Financial Group note, including
Financial Group's right under the note to borrow up to $25.0 million from
Captec, Captec's right to demand repayment of the note at any time, the 10.0%
interest rate, and the security for the note.
The special committee observed
that the Financial Group note had been in place prior to Captec's initial public
offering in 1997, had been disclosed in Captec's prospectus for its initial
public offering and subsequent SEC filings and that Financial Group had repaid
to Captec approximately $11.5 million of the outstanding principal balance of
the Financial Group note since Captec's initial public offering in November,
1997.

     
On March 19 and March 20, 2001, legal and financial representatives of CNLR
conducted initial due diligence at Captec's principal offices in Ann Arbor,
Michigan, at which time
CNLR representatives were given the opportunity to
inspect Captec's books and records and ask questions of its management and UBS
Warburg.

     
On March 26, 2001, the special committee met to review the status of the
sales process.
The special committee was advised that two of the interested
parties that had been invited into the second round of the sales process had
withdrawn.
Another party had submitted a non-binding indication of interest of
$12.50 per share, and the special committee elected to invite that party to
participate in the second round.
The special committee then discussed further
the Financial Group note.
After reviewing again the terms and background of the
Financial Group note, the special committee was advised that, at the beginning
of the sales process, it had been Financial Group's intention to engage in a
financing transaction that Financial Group expected would permit it to repay the
Financial Group note.
Due to adverse changes in the securitization markets in
which Financial Group operates, such a transaction was not currently feasible
and Financial Group had advised Captec that it would not be able to repay the
Financial Group note were a demand for payment made.
Representatives of
Financial Group had advised UBS Warburg that, in the context of the sale of
Captec, Financial Group might be willing to negotiate the terms of the repayment
of the Financial Group note with a prospective purchaser.
The special committee
discussed the effect of the Financial Group note and Financial Group's financial
condition on the amount interested parties might be willing to pay for Captec.

The special committee then reviewed the terms of Captec's interests in various
joint ventures.
UBS Warburg advised the special committee that, given the nature
of these assets, prospective purchasers were ascribing little or no value to the
Financial Group note and Captec's interest in the joint ventures.

     
The special committee established April 18, 2001 as the deadline for the
submission of definitive bids.
Bidders were requested to submit written
proposals and a markup of the form of merger agreement that had been supplied to
prospective bidders.
One bidder submitted a bid letter, without a markup of the
merger agreement, with a price of less than $10.00 per share, consisting mostly
of cash and some preferred stock.
The bidder proposed numerous contingencies and
complications that the special committee believed made the completion of the
proposed transaction unlikely.
CNLR submitted a bid which would result in
Captec's stockholders receiving a combination of cash, preferred stock and
common stock.
Under CNLR's proposal, a portion of the consideration to be
received by Captec's stockholders would have been obtained as a result of the
sale by Captec of interests in certain affiliated ventures and the Financial
Group note to a third party, and the distribution of the proceeds thereof to
Captec's stockholders.
CNLR's bid was conditioned upon Captec locating a third
party purchaser for the excluded assets and negotiating the sale of the excluded
assets to that purchaser.
CNLR's bid letter assumed the excluded assets would be
sold for $16,639,189 or $1.75 per share of Captec common stock.
CNLR's bid
included a markup of the draft merger agreement.
No other definitive bids were
submitted.

     
Pursuant to the first written offer from CNLR, Captec's stockholders would
have received aggregate consideration as a result of the merger equal to $10.50
per share (excluding the value of any proceeds from the sale of the excluded
assets), the composition of which would have been as follows:

     - 4,200,000 shares of CNLR common stock, equivalent to $5.35 per share of
       Captec common stock (based on CNLR's closing common stock price on April
       17, 2001);

     - 1,800,000 shares of CNLR Non-Voting Series A Preferred Stock, equivalent
       to $4.73 per share of Captec common stock (based on a stated value of
       $25.00 per preferred share); and

     - $4,015,134 in cash, equivalent to $0.42 per share of Captec common stock.

     
Based on the foregoing, the aggregate consideration to be received by
Captec's stockholders was $10.50 per share plus whatever proceeds could be
realized from the sale of the excluded assets.

     
The special committee concluded the CNLR bid was the superior of the two
bids.
The special committee noted that CNLR's bid, at its face value, and
assuming that $1.75 per share could be realized from the excluded asset sale,
was nonetheless below the price at which the Captec common stock recently had
traded and discussed whether it was advisable to proceed with the sale process
under these circumstances.
The special committee reviewed with UBS Warburg the
strategic issues facing Captec, including the strong likelihood that Captec
would need to reduce the dividend on its common stock if Captec were not sold
because, among other things, Captec's credit facility would expire on August 31,
2001 subject only to a one-time three month extension.
Given Captec's prospects
and the current financial market, the special committee determined that Captec's
ability to obtain a new credit facility on reasonably acceptable terms was
doubtful.
The special committee discussed that, based upon Captec's relatively
high dividend rate, Captec would be unable to generate funds internally to fund
growth.
The special committee discussed the substantial likelihood that if, as a
result of these factors, Captec were to reduce its dividend rate, its stock
price would fall significantly.
The special committee also discussed with UBS
Warburg the disparity between the private market value of Captec as indicated by
the results of the sales process and the trading price of Captec common stock.

The special committee noted that, prior to the September 28, 2000 announcement
concerning the sale of Captec, Captec common stock traded in the range of $8.00
to $10.00 per share and that the trading volume in the Captec common stock
subsequent to September 28, 2000 had been light.
Based on all of these factors,
the special committee determined that it was advisable to continue to pursue a
transaction with CNLR.

     
The special committee then discussed the disposition of the excluded
assets.
The special committee believed, based on the nature of the excluded
assets and the low valuations ascribed to the them by third parties in the sale
process, that it was highly unlikely that the excluded assets could be sold to a
third party prior to the completion of a transaction with CNLR.
The special
committee reviewed with counsel the ability to place the excluded assets into a
liquidating trust or other entity, the ownership interests in

which would be transferred to Captec's stockholders.
Given the nature and size
of the excluded assets and the cost of maintaining such a vehicle, this option
did not appear practicable to the special committee.

     
UBS Warburg advised the special committee that CNLR had suggested that it
might be willing to loan funds to Mr. Beach to assist him in the purchase of the
excluded assets.
The special committee discussed with its advisors that, based
on the results of the sale process, the excluded assets appeared to have a
greater value to Mr. Beach than to any other potential acquiror and, therefore,
Mr. Beach appeared to be the best possible purchaser.
On that basis, the special
committee considered whether a sale of the excluded assets was feasible prior to
entering into definitive discussions with CNLR.
The special committee asked UBS
Warburg to propose to CNLR a three-way meeting between representatives of the
special committee, Mr. Beach and CNLR for the purpose of attempting to negotiate
the sale of the excluded assets to Mr. Beach on terms acceptable to the special
committee.
Mr. Peters was asked to contact Mr. Beach to ask him to participate
in these discussions.
The special committee decided not to enter into an
exclusivity arrangement requested by CNLR until resolution of the issue of the
disposition of the excluded assets.
The special committee also requested UBS
Warburg to seek to improve the other financial terms of CNLR's offer.

     
On May 2, 2001, Messrs. Beach and Martin and other Captec representatives,
including UBS Warburg, met with Mr. Ralston and other CNLR representatives in
Denver, Colorado to discuss CNLR's first written offer and the excluded asset
sale.
The parties reiterated their interest in pursuing a merger and exchanged
information, including short-term and long-term business objectives.
Subsequent
to this meeting, the parties agreed that the excluded assets would be sold to an
entity controlled by Mr. Beach for a purchase price of $7.5 million in cash.

CNLR also agreed to loan the purchaser $6.75 million to be used to pay a portion
of the purchase price of the excluded assets.
The loan would be collateralized
in part by the excluded assets and $1.0 million of the merger consideration to
be received by Mr. Beach.

     
As a result of CNLR's additional due diligence and negotiations with
Captec's senior management and UBS Warburg acting on behalf of the special
committee, CNLR submitted a revised written offer on May 14, 2001.
Under the
revised offer, CNLR agreed to increase the number of shares of CNLR common stock
and preferred stock to be included in the merger consideration and the amount of
assets subject to the excluded asset sale was reduced.
Pursuant to the revised
written offer, Captec's stockholders would have received aggregate consideration
as a result of the merger equal to $11.46 per share, (excluding the value of any
proceeds from the sale of the excluded assets), and the composition of which
would have been as follows:

     - 4,350,000 shares of CNLR common stock, equivalent to $5.72 per share of
       Captec common stock (based on CNLR's closing common stock price on May
       11, 2001);

     - 2,000,000 shares of CNLR preferred stock, equivalent to $5.26 per share
       of Captec common stock (based on a stated value of $25.00 per preferred
       share); and

     - $4,599,000 in cash, equivalent to $.48 per share of Captec common stock.

     
The revised offer also provided for the sale of the excluded assets for
$7.5 million, or the equivalent of $0.79 per share of Captec common stock, and
further, that such amount would be paid in cash to Captec stockholders in
conjunction with the merger.
Including the distribution to Captec stockholders
of the proceeds of the sale of the excluded assets, the total value of the
consideration to be received by Captec's stockholders was $12.25 per share.

     
On May 15, 2001, the special committee met to receive a report from UBS
Warburg on the negotiations with CNLR.
UBS Warburg described to the special
committee the improved financial terms of the offer from CNLR as well as the
terms of the excluded asset sale and the loan CNLR would make in connection with
that sale.
The special committee discussed the $21.0 million aggregate book
value of the excluded assets and that parties who participated in the second
round of the sales process had ascribed little or no value to them.
The special
committee again discussed the lack of interest by potential purchasers in
Captec's various joint venture interests.
The special committee discussed the
possibility of

transferring the excluded assets to a liquidating trust or other entity as an
alternative to the sale but concluded that this option was not practicable.

     
The special committee also reviewed a revised non-binding indication of
interest from a party that previously had offered $9.00 to $10.50 per share.

This revised non-binding indication of interest was for between $9.70 and $11.20
per share in cash for each share of Captec common stock.
The special committee
discussed the value of this non-binding indication of interest as compared with
the terms of the revised offer from CNLR and that, unlike CNLR, the bidder had
not conducted due diligence.
The special committee discussed that other bidders
had withdrawn from the process or reduced their bids during the due diligence
process.
The special committee concluded that the opportunity to achieve the
best overall value would be maximized by negotiating exclusively with CNLR.

     
The special committee thereafter authorized Captec to enter into a
thirty-day exclusivity agreement with CNLR, which subsequently was extended an
additional week.

     
By letter dated May 21, 2001, the special committee granted CNLR a
thirty-day exclusivity period for the purpose of conducting additional due
diligence and negotiating a definitive agreement.

     
On May 30, 2001, the CNLR board of directors and representatives of its
financial advisor and legal counsel met in Orlando, Florida to discuss the
status of the merger transaction.

     
By letter dated May 31, 2001, UBS Warburg received another revision to the
non-binding indication of interest from the party that had previously submitted
a proposal for a transaction at $9.00 and $10.50 per share, and that had
subsequently revised its proposal to $9.70 and $11.20 per share and discussed by
the special committee at its meeting on May 15, 2001.
This letter proposed an
alternate structure involving a merger between Captec and two affiliates of the
party submitting the letter, both of which were private companies that owned
triple net lease assets.
As described in the letter, Captec's stockholders would
own 49.9% of the merged entity and Captec stockholders would have the option to
receive cash for up to 30.0% of their shares at a price of $12.00 per share or
to retain an equity interest in the merged entity.
The letter assigned a stated
value to Captec's common stock of $12.00 per share, based on a number of
assumptions and a specified valuation formula and was submitted without the
benefit of due diligence.
The letter specifically provided for a longer due
diligence period than this party's prior proposal.
Captec was precluded from
responding to this new proposal under the terms of Captec's exclusivity letter
with CNLR.

     
By letter dated June 1, 2001, counsel to the special committee informed
CNLR at the request of the special committee and pursuant to the May 21, 2001
exclusivity letter between the parties, of Captec's receipt of a proposal from
another party for a sale transaction.

     
Throughout June 2001, the parties and their representatives negotiated a
definitive merger agreement and related agreements, including a stockholders
agreement and irrevocable proxy, an asset purchase agreement and a loan
agreement relating to the excluded assets sale.

     
On June 4, 2001, the special committee met with its financial advisor and
legal counsel to discuss the status of negotiations with CNLR and negotiating
strategy, including whether to attempt to obtain contractual protection for the
value of the CNLR common stock to be issued in the merger.

     
On June 13, 2001, UBS Warburg conducted due diligence on CNLR including a
management meeting and a tour of certain properties.

     
On June 18, 2001, Mr. Peters, together with counsel to the special
committee, discussed with Mr. Martin the financial status of Financial Group and
its inability to repay the Financial Group note if payment were demanded.
Mr.
Peters and special committee counsel also discussed with Mr. Martin the
consequences of calling the Financial Group note, including that calling the
Financial Group note would cause a default on the Financial Group note, which in
turn would constitute an event of default under Captec's credit facility.
Mr.
Peters reviewed with Mr. Martin the nature of the excluded assets and the
expected income and returns to Captec from those assets.
Mr. Martin noted in
this conversation that approximately $1.9 million in annual income to Captec
attributable to management agreements with Family Realty, Inc. and Family Realty
II, Inc., which are affiliates of Mr. Beach, is not assured to Captec

because the contracts are terminable without penalty on 90 days notice at the
option of Mr. Beach.
Mr. Martin was asked if it would be reasonable for Captec
to assume that the contracts would be terminated if Captec were not sold, and
Mr. Martin replied that it would not be unreasonable for Captec to make that
assumption.
Mr. Martin also reviewed the status of FC Venture I, LLC, the
co-venturers of which had the unilateral ability and had expressed a desire to
begin liquidation of the venture.
During this conversation, Mr. Peters sought,
on behalf of the special committee, to increase the amount to be paid for the
excluded assets.
Mr. Martin observed that Mr. Beach was pledging his personal
assets, both for the balance of the $7.5 million purchase price and as
additional security for the loan to be made by CNLR, and that he believed Mr.
Beach was unwilling to pay more for these assets.
Mr. Peters subsequently
confirmed this position with Mr. Beach.

     
On June 21, 2001, the special committee met to review the terms of the
merger agreement and asset purchase agreement.
The special committee agreed to
extend the exclusivity period with CNLR through June 29, 2001.
Thereafter,
Captec's board of directors met to receive from special committee counsel and
UBS Warburg a presentation concerning the contemplated transaction and UBS
Warburg's preliminary analysis of financial aspects of the transaction.
During
this presentation, Captec's board of directors reviewed the same strategic
issues facing Captec that the special committee considered at its April 13, 2001
meeting and heard a report from the special committee on its efforts to obtain
an increase in the purchase price for the excluded assets.

     
During the meeting, Captec's board of directors requested a variety of
materials to review prior to its next meeting.
The purpose of this request was
to provide Captec's board of directors information to review and allow them time
to consider the various actions taken and the resulting facts and findings that
arose out of the analysis of strategic alternatives, the process of pursuing a
sale of Captec and the negotiation of the proposed merger transaction.

     
Following the June 21, 2001 meeting, materials were sent to Captec's board
of directors including:

     - a draft chronology of the special committee's activities;

     - copies of draft minutes of meetings of the special committee;

     - a copy of the September 19, 2000 report on strategic alternatives from
       Prudential Securities;

     - the December 31, 2000 balance sheet of Financial Group;

     - a description of the Financial Group note and the joint venture interests
       comprising the excluded assets, including their book value;

     - drafts of the transaction documents, together with summaries thereof; and

     - draft presentation materials prepared by UBS Warburg.

     
On June 25, 2001, Captec and CNLR agreed to extend the exclusivity period
through June 29, 2001.

     
On or about June 23, 2001, the parties were advised that the purchaser of
the excluded assets would be a newly created entity owned solely by Mr. Beach in
which Mr. Martin would have the option, but not the obligation, to invest at a
later time.

     
On June 28, 2001, Captec's board of directors met to review the relevant
transaction documents and to receive presentations from counsel concerning the
transaction documents and from UBS Warburg concerning its financial analysis.

During a recess, the special committee met and determined to report to Captec's
board of directors that, subject to the resolution of certain pending issues
concerning the merger agreement and the receipt of UBS Warburg's fairness
opinion, it was prepared to recommend to Captec's board of directors that the
transactions be approved.
The special committee advised Captec's board of
directors of this when the meeting reconvened, and the meeting was adjourned
until the evening of July 1, 2001.

     
On June 28, 2001, CNLR's board of directors met to discuss and consider,
and consequently unanimously approved, the merger.

     
Throughout the weekend of June 30, 2001, the parties and their respective
legal counsel negotiated the remaining terms of the merger agreement, the asset
purchase agreement and the loan agreement.

     
On July 1, 2001, the June 28, 2001 meeting of Captec's board of directors
reconvened.
Counsel and management reported on the resolution of the issues that
had been open following adjournment on June 28, 2001.
UBS Warburg advised that
it was prepared to deliver to the special committee its opinion that the merger
consideration to be received by Captec's stockholders in the merger was fair to
Captec's stockholders from a financial point of view as of July 1, 2001.
The
special committee made its unanimous recommendation to Captec's board of
directors that it approve the merger agreement and the asset purchase agreement
for the excluded assets sale.
Following the recommendation of the special
committee, Captec's board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement
and the asset purchase agreement.

     
The parties executed the definitive agreement and plan of merger, the asset
purchase agreement and the loan agreement on July 1, 2001.

     
On July 2, 2001, Captec and CNLR each issued press releases concerning the
execution of the merger agreement and management for both CNLR and Captec held
conference calls to review the transaction and answer stockholder questions.


CAPTEC'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     
In making the determination and recommendation described above, the special
committee considered various factors, including:

     - Captec's business, current financial condition, results of operations,
       future prospects, and the historical trading range and volume of Captec
       common stock;

     - the September 19, 2000 presentation of Prudential Securities to Captec's
       board of directors of Captec's strategic alternatives;

     - Captec's inability to raise additional debt or equity capital on an
       accretive basis and its deteriorating prospects for being able to obtain
       additional capital in the future;

     - CNLR's greater ability to raise capital following the merger due to its
       investment grade credit rating and significantly larger market
       capitalization;

     - Captec's relatively small market capitalization;

     - Captec's status as an externally advised REIT;

     - Captec's high dividend payout ratio, which leaves it with little
       internally generated funds for growth;

     - Captec's limited growth potential due to its lack of access to additional
       capital and the resulting potential adverse effect on the price of the
       Captec common stock;

     - the expiration of Captec's credit facility in August, 2001, subject to a
       one-time, three month extension and the uncertainties related to Captec's
       ability to refinance that indebtedness on acceptable terms;

     - the likelihood that if Captec were not sold, it would have to
       significantly reduce its dividend rate and the expected adverse effect
       such a reduction would have on the price of the Captec common stock;

     - the greater size, property diversification, and market capitalization of
       CNLR which, following the merger, will be the second largest REIT in the
       net lease sector;

     - CNLR's historical performance, including CNLR's lower dividend payout
       ratio and that, over the past 11 consecutive years, CNLR had paid
       increasing dividends to its stockholders;

     - the extensive solicitation process conducted by the special committee and
       UBS Warburg involving, the public announcement of the process, contacts
       with over 50 potentially interested parties, the review of confidential
       information by 28 parties, the receipt of nine non-binding indications of
       interest, the invitation to six parties to conduct due diligence, the
       conduct of due diligence by four parties and the receipt of two
       definitive proposals to acquire Captec;

     - CNLR's proposal being substantially higher than that of the other party
       submitting a definitive proposal;

     - that the value of the merger consideration as of July 1, 2001,
       represented a premium of 19.4% over the $10.75 price per share of Captec
       common stock on September 27, 2000, the date one day prior to the date on
       which Captec announced that it would pursue a sale of the company;

     - the special committee's belief that, given the extensive sales process,
       Captec was unlikely to receive an acquisition proposal that was superior
       to CNLR's proposal;

     - the fairness opinion of UBS Warburg, dated July 1, 2001, to the effect
       that, as of that date, the merger consideration to be received by Captec
       stockholders in the merger was fair to Captec's stockholders from a
       financial point of view;

     - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including terms which
       enable Captec's board of directors to review and evaluate and, under
       stated circumstances, accept a higher proposal, subject to its
       obligations to pay a $5.0 million termination fee;

     - Captec's right under the merger agreement to continue to pay its
       regularly scheduled quarterly dividend until completion of the merger,
       including a prorated dividend for the period ending immediately before
       the effective time of the merger;

     - the other terms and conditions of the merger agreement;

     - the availability to Captec's stockholders of appraisal rights pursuant to
       Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law;

     - the nature of the joint venture interests owned by Captec, the terms and
       conditions of, and security for, the Financial Group note and the
       financial condition of Financial Group;

     - that the transaction with CNLR would result in immediate value to
       Captec's stockholders for the excluded assets comprised of various joint
       venture interests and the Financial Group note whereas third parties
       participating in the sale process had ascribed little or no value to
       those assets; and

     - the attempt of the special committee to obtain greater consideration for
       the excluded assets.

     
The special committee also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger
including the following:

     - The value of the merger consideration to be paid to Captec stockholders
       in the merger could be less than the price at which the Captec common
       stock traded several weeks before the July 2, 2001 announcement of the
       execution of the merger agreement;

     - The CNLR preferred stock to be issued in the merger will be newly issued,
       have no established trading market and may trade at a price less than the
       stated value of $25.00 per share or the $24.00 per share value assumed by
       UBS Warburg; and

     - The per share dividend currently paid on the CNLR common stock is less
       than the per share dividend historically paid on the Captec common stock.

     
Captec's board of directors concluded that, on balance, the potential
benefits of the merger to Captec and its stockholders outweighed the negative
factors associated with the merger.

     
The discussion of the information and factors considered by Captec's board
of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of

the merger, Captec's board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did
not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination.


CNLR'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     The decision of CNLR's board of directors was based on several potential
benefits of the merger, including the following:

     - the opportunity presented by the merger for CNLR to acquire a significant
       portfolio of high-quality, freestanding retail properties subject to
       long-term net leases.
Captec currently owns or has interests in 136
       properties located in 26 states.
CNLR senior management believes that
       this portfolio likely could not be replicated through individual
       acquisitions;

     - Captec's portfolio will provide additional concept and line of trade
       diversification to CNLR and is consistent with CNLR's geographic
       diversification strategy.
The combined portfolio will include
       approximately 377 properties in 40 states with total gross leasable area
       of approximately 7.0 million square feet;

     - CNLR's management anticipates that the transaction will be immediately
       accretive to funds from operation (FFO);

     - the characteristics of Captec's assets complement those of CNLR's
       existing assets, including long-term leases, strong locations and
       flexibility of design and adaptation;

     - enhancements to CNLR's liquidity and capital markets profile through the
       issuance of common and preferred equity and that the larger market
       capitalization of CNLR following the merger will, in management's
       estimation, likely result in higher trading volumes and enhanced
       liquidity;

     - anticipated cost savings and reductions in expenses following the merger.
       
The opportunities for economies of scale and operating efficiencies from
       the merger will result in cost savings to CNLR;

     - the due diligence review of Captec and its assets conducted by CNLR
       management and its advisors, including, among other things, site tours of
       a significant number of Captec's properties, and management's assessment
       of the quality of Captec's assets; and

     - historical and prospective information concerning CNLR's and Captec's
       respective businesses, operations and financial performance, including,
       among other things, the earnings prospects of CNLR and its debt service
       and financial obligations, both before and after the merger.

     
CNLR's board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the following:

     - the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to CNLR and its
       stockholders may not be realized as a result of possible changes in the
       real estate markets, any inability to operate the Captec portfolio of
       properties, any inability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and
       reduction in expenses and other potential difficulties in integrating the
       two companies and their respective operations;

     - the significant cost involved in connection with completing the merger
       and the substantial management time and effort required to effect the
       merger and integrate the businesses of CNLR and Captec;

     - the risk that the merger might not be completed based upon the failure to
       satisfy covenants or closing conditions; and

     - other applicable risks described in this proxy statement-prospectus under
       "RISK FACTORS" (p.   ).

     
CNLR's board of directors concluded, however, that on balance, the
potential benefits of the merger to CNLR and its stockholders outweighed the
negative factors associated with the merger.

     
The discussion of the information and factors considered by CNLR's board of
directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, CNLR's board of
directors did not find it practicable to, and did not quantify or otherwise
assign relative weight to, the specific factors considered in reaching its
determination.


OPINION OF CAPTEC'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     The special committee retained UBS Warburg LLC to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the merger.
The special committee selected UBS
Warburg to act as its financial advisor based on UBS Warburg's qualifications,
expertise, reputation and its knowledge of Captec's business and affairs.
At the
meeting of the special committee on July 1, 2001, UBS Warburg rendered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of July 1, 2001, and
subject to and based on the considerations in its opinion, the merger
consideration to be received by Captec's stockholders consisting of 0.4575 of a
share of CNLR common stock, 0.21034679 of a share of CNLR preferred stock, and
$1.27 in cash per share of Captec common stock, was fair from a financial point
of view to the holders of shares of Captec common stock.

     
The full text of UBS Warburg's opinion, dated as of July 1, 2001, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS Warburg, is
attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement-prospectus.
We urge you to read
this opinion carefully and in its entirety.
This summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

     
UBS Warburg's opinion, which was directed to the special committee,
addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view as of July 1, 2001 of
the consideration to be received by holders of Captec common stock pursuant to
the merger agreement, and does not address any other aspect of the transaction.

UBS Warburg acted as financial advisor to the special committee in connection
with the merger.
In that capacity and at the special committee's direction, it
contacted more than 50 parties to solicit indications of interest in acquiring
Captec and held discussions with certain of those parties concerning a possible
transaction.
At the direction of the special committee, UBS Warburg did not
solicit indications of interest from third parties with respect to a sale of
only part of Captec (including the excluded assets described below) or of a
liquidation of Captec, nor did UBS Warburg perform a liquidation analysis of all
of Captec's assets.

     
UBS Warburg's opinion does not address Captec's underlying business
decision to effect the merger or constitute a recommendation to any of Captec's
stockholders as to how they should vote on the merger.
UBS Warburg was neither
asked by the special committee to, nor otherwise did it, offer any opinion as to
the material terms of the merger agreement or the form of the merger
consideration.
Furthermore, UBS Warburg expressed no opinion as to the prices at
which securities issued pursuant to the merger agreement will trade in the
future.
In rendering its opinion, UBS Warburg assumed, with the special
committee's consent, that both Captec and CNLR will comply with all the material
terms of the merger agreement, that all conditions to the merger will be
satisfied, and that the terms of the sale of the excluded assets are the most
beneficial terms from Captec's point of view that reasonably could have been
negotiated under the circumstances.

     
In arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg, among other things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available business and historical financial
       information relating to each of Captec and CNLR;

     - reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating
       to Captec's business and financial prospects, including estimates and
       financial forecasts prepared by Captec's management, that were provided
       to UBS Warburg by Captec and not publicly available; UBS Warburg did not
       review CNLR internal financial information and other data relating to
       CNLR's business and financial prospects, other than limited data
       concerning its properties;

     - conducted discussions with members of Captec senior management and CNLR
       senior management concerning the businesses and financial prospects of
       Captec and CNLR;

     - reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect
       to other companies in lines of business UBS Warburg believed to be
       generally comparable to Captec's;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the publicly available
       financial terms of certain other transactions which UBS Warburg believed
       to be generally relevant;

     - reviewed drafts of the merger agreement; and

     - conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and
       considered such other information, as UBS Warburg deemed necessary or
       appropriate.

     
In connection with its review, at the special committee's direction, UBS
Warburg did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of any of
the information reviewed by it for the purpose of its opinion and, with the
special committee's consent, relied on such information being complete and
accurate in all material respects.
In addition, at the special committee's
direction, UBS Warburg did not make any independent evaluation or appraisal of
any of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Captec or CNLR.

With respect to the financial forecasts and estimates referred to above, UBS
Warburg assumed, at the special committee's direction, that they were reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of Captec's management as to the future performance of Captec.
In
addition, with the special committee's consent, UBS Warburg assumed that the per
share value of the CNLR preferred stock will be $24.00 upon issuance.
UBS
Warburg's opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other
conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to it as of, the
date of its opinion.

     
No company, transaction or business used in the analyses described below is
identical to Captec, CNLR or the proposed merger.
Accordingly, the analysis of
the results necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in financial and operating characteristics and other factors.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
UBS Warburg in connection with its opinion.
These summaries of financial
analyses alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.

     
Analysis of Consideration.  
UBS Warburg reviewed the consideration to be
received by Captec stockholders in the merger.
Based on the closing price of
CNLR common stock on the NYSE as of June 29, 2001 of $14.25 per share and the
assumption that the per share value of the CNLR preferred stock would be $24.00
upon issuance, UBS Warburg noted that the merger consideration would be
equivalent to $12.84 per share.
This merger consideration consists of (i) 4.35
million shares of CNLR common stock, equivalent to $6.52 per share of Captec
common stock, (ii) 2.0 million shares of CNLR preferred stock, equivalent to
$5.05 per share of Captec common stock; and (iii) $12.1 million in cash,
equivalent to $1.27 per share of Captec common stock.

     
Historical Stock Price Analysis.  
UBS Warburg reviewed the performance of
the per share market price and trading volume of Captec common stock for the
period from September 1, 1999 to June 29, 2001.
The analysis indicated that
during the 52-week period ended June 29, 2001, the highest closing market price
per share was $13.85, the average closing market price per share was $11.69 and
the lowest closing market price per share was $10.13.
Fewer than 600,000 shares
(or 5.3% of total shares outstanding) had traded at or above the implied
transaction price over the preceding twelve months.
The implied transaction
price is 19.4% higher than the price of Captec common stock one day prior to the
September 28, 2000 announcement of intent of Captec's board of directors' to
sell Captec.

     
Non-core Assets Analysis.  
UBS Warburg performed analyses based on cash
flow projections by Captec's management of Captec's interests in the excluded
assets which are certain non-core assets that are to be sold to CRC Acquisition
LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Beach, and its subsidiaries and management fee
income from management agreements with Family Realty, Inc. and Family Realty II,
Inc. which are cancellable by Mr. Beach.
The excluded assets and the Family
Realty and Family Realty II management agreements and resulting income are
hereinafter referred to collectively as the non-core

assets.
A range of valuation for the non-core assets was calculated as follows
and included consideration of the subordinated and contingent nature of certain
of Captec's interests: a net present value was calculated for FC Venture I, LLC
(in liquidation) assuming a liquidation period of eighteen months at
capitalization rates of 9.75% to 11.0% and discount rates of 11.0% to 13.0%; net
present values were calculated for Captec Franchise Capital Partners L.P. III
and Captec Franchise Capital Partners L.P. IV, assuming liquidation at the end
of year five using capitalization rates of 9.5% to 11.0% and discount rates of
11.0% to 13.0%; net present values for Captec's interest in Family Realty and
Family Realty II were calculated assuming liquidation at the end of year five
using capitalization rates of 9.0% to 10.5% and discount rates of 11.0% to
13.0%; and net present values were calculated for management fee income from
Family Realty and Family Realty II based on management fee income for three
months as the management fee stream is under Mr. Beach's control and is
cancelable with 90 days notice without penalty.
A valuation range for the loan
to Captec Financial Group Inc. of $0 to $9.7 million was utilized.
This analysis
indicated a valuation range for the non-core assets of $3.4 million to $13.2
million.

     
Net Asset Valuation Analysis.  
Using information provided by Captec
management, UBS Warburg calculated the equity net asset value per share for
Captec common stock by subtracting debt and other liabilities from the value of
the gross assets, but did not include transaction costs or time value
considerations.
UBS Warburg calculated the value of the gross assets by applying
capitalization rates ranging from 9.75% to 10.25% to Captec's annualized net
operating income.
Captec's annualized net operating income excluding income from
non-core assets was based on cash net operating income for its net lease
properties as of the first quarter of 2001.

     
The resulting gross real estate value was added to the range of value of
the non-core assets as described above, the book value of Captec's other assets,
including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables and loans receivable,
less Captec's outstanding debt, and certain other liabilities, to arrive at an
equity net asset value.
This analysis indicated an equity net asset value range
of between $104.7 million and $125.0 million, or equivalent equity net asset
value of $11.01 to $13.15 per share of Captec common stock, indicating that,
based upon the closing price of the Captec common stock on June 29, 2001, the
Captec common stock was trading at approximately 101.2% to 120.9% of Captec's
net asset value.

     
Based on publicly disclosed information and information provided by CNLR,
UBS Warburg also calculated the equity net asset value per share of CNLR common
stock by subtracting debt and other liabilities from the value of gross assets.

UBS Warburg calculated the value of gross assets by applying capitalization
rates from 9.75% to 10.25% to CNLR's annualized net operating income.
UBS
Warburg added the book value of CNLR's other assets to the value of CNLR's gross
assets.
These other assets, valued at book, included cash and cash equivalents,
mortgages and accrued interest receivables, mortgages and other receivables from
unconsolidated subsidiaries and other receivables.
This analysis indicated an
equity net asset value range of between $436.1 million and $471.1 million, or
equivalent net asset value of $14.30 to $15.44 per share of CNLR common stock,
indicating that, based upon the closing price of the CNLR common stock on June
29, 2001, the CNLR common stock was trading at approximately 92.3% to 99.7% of
CNLR's net asset value.

     Comparable Companies Analysis.  
Using Captec management projections and
First Call Corporation consensus estimates, UBS Warburg reviewed and compared
selected publicly available financial information and multiples for Captec to
corresponding publicly available financial information and multiples for the
following real estate companies:

     - Agree Realty Corporation

     - Capital Automotive REIT

     - Commercial Net Lease Realty, Inc.

     - Developers Diversified Realty Corp.

     - Entertainment Properties Trust

     - Lexington Corporate Properties Trust

     - Realty Income Corporation

     - US Restaurant Properties, Inc.

     UBS Warburg calculated the FFO multiples and other financial information
for Captec at (i) the current market price, based on the closing price for
shares of Captec common stock on NASDAQ on June 29, 2001; (ii) the implied
transaction price, based on the closing price for shares of CNLR common stock on
the NYSE on June 29, 2001 and, with the special committee's consent, the
assumption that the per share value of the CNLR preferred stock would be $24.00
upon issuance; and (iii) the implied transaction price, based on the closing
price for shares of CNLR common stock on the NYSE on June 29, 2001 and, with the
special committee's consent, the assumption that the per share value of the CNLR
preferred stock would be $24.00 upon issuance and adjusted to exclude a range of
value related to the non-core assets and adjusted to exclude income from the
non-core assets.
UBS Warburg arrived at a range of comparable company FFO
multiples by dividing each comparable company's share price, using closing share
prices as of June 29, 2001, by consensus 2001 and 2002 FFO per share estimates
from First Call Corporation.
First Call Corporation is a Thompson Financial
company that specializes in the compilation and statistical summarization of
equity earnings estimates by institutional research houses.
UBS Warburg's
calculations resulted in a selected range of 2001 FFO multiples from 7.6x to
11.1x and a range of 2002 FFO multiples from 7.1x to 10.7x.

     
In addition, UBS Warburg derived FFO multiples based on projections of 2001
and 2002 FFO per share provided by Captec and other financial information as
follows:

                                        COMPARABLE
                                         COMPANIES                                      CAPTEC
                                        -----------   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  IMPLIED           IMPLIED           IMPLIED
                                                      JUNE 29     IMPLIED       TRANSACTION       TRANSACTION       TRANSACTION
                                                      MARKET    TRANSACTION      PRICE --          PRICE --          PRICE --
                                        HIGH    LOW    PRICE       PRICE      ADJUSTED 1(1,2)   ADJUSTED 2(1,3)   
ADJUSTED 3(1,4)
                                        
-----   ---   -------   -----------   ---------------   ---------------   ---------------

Equity value (in millions)............  1,029   97      127         122              119               114               109
Enterprise value (in millions)........  
2,577   200     229         225              222               217               212
Estimated FFO multiple of 2001 (x)....   11.1   7.6     8.6         8.3             10.8              10.4               9.9
Estimated FFO multiple of 2002 (x)....   
10.7   7.1     8.4         8.1             10.5              10.1               9.6
Last quarter annualized
EBITDA multiple (x)...................   13.0   9.6     9.6         9.4             11.0              10.7              10.5
Implied capitalization rate (%).......   10.9   8.3    11.1        11.4              9.8              10.0              10.3
                                        -----   ---    ----        
----             ----              
----              ----

- ---------------
Notes:

1 Adjusted to exclude income from non-core assets

2 Assumes the non-core assets have value of $3.4 million and calculates implied
  transaction price net of this amount for purposes of deriving the valuation
  metrics

3 Assumes the non-core assets have value of $8.0 million and calculates implied
  transaction price net of this amount for purposes of deriving the valuation
  metrics

4 Assumes the non-core assets have value of $13.2 million and calculates implied
  transaction price net of this amount for purposes of deriving the valuation
  metrics

     UBS Warburg also reviewed and compared selected publicly available
financial information and multiples for CNLR to corresponding publicly available
financial information and multiples for the following real estate companies and
projections for Captec provided by management.

     - Capital Automotive REIT

     - Developers Diversified Realty Corp.

     - Entertainment Properties Trust

     - Lexington Corporate Properties Trust

     - Realty Income Corporation

     - US Restaurant Properties, Inc.

     UBS Warburg calculated the FFO multiples and other financial information
for CNLR, the above companies and Captec.
UBS Warburg arrived at a range of
comparable company FFO multiples by dividing each comparable company's share
price, using closing share prices as of June 29, 2001, by consensus 2001 and

2002 FFO per share estimates from First Call Corporation for CNLR and the
comparable companies, and 2001 and 2002 FFO per share estimates for Captec
provided by management.
UBS Warburg's calculations resulted in a selected range
of 2001 FFO multiples from 7.7x to 11.1x and a range of 2002 FFO multiples from
7.1x to 10.7x compared to 2001 and 2002 FFO multiples of 9.7x and 9.4x,
respectively, for CNLR.

     Comparable Transactions Analysis.  
UBS Warburg reviewed comparable
transactions involving REITs from 1999 to the date of its opinion.
Six
comparable transactions with equity values in excess of $50.0 million were
selected.
The comparable transactions include the following pending and
completed transactions:

     - Bradley Real Estate, Inc. and Heritage Properties Investment Trust, Inc.

     - Western Properties Trust and Pan Pacific Retail Properties

     - First Washington Realty Trust Inc. and CALPERS

     - Westfield America, Inc. and Westfield America Trust

     - Franchise Finance Corporation of America and GE Capital Corp.

     - United Investors Realty Trust and Equity One, Inc.

     For each transaction, UBS Warburg calculated the last quarter annualized
and latest twelve months funds from operations multiple of the target company at
the announcement date of the respective transaction defined as the offer price
of the target company divided by the most recent last quarter annualized or
latest twelve months FFO at the time of the announcement.
UBS Warburg observed a
range of last quarter annualized or latest twelve months FFO multiples at the
announcement date from 8.2x to 8.8x compared to an 8.1x last quarter annualized
FFO multiple for Captec, and a range of latest twelve months FFO multiples at
the announcement date from 8.4x to 8.9x compared to an implied 7.8x LTM multiple
for Captec, based on the implied transaction price.

     
For each transaction, UBS Warburg determined last quarter annualized and
LTM earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA)
multiples of the target company at the announcement date of the respective
transactions.
UBS Warburg observed a range of last quarter annualized EBITDA
multiples from 10.2x to 12.8x compared to a last quarter annualized EBITDA
multiple of 9.4x for Captec, and a range of latest twelve months EBITDA
multiples from 9.9x to 12.4x compared to a latest twelve months EBITDA multiple
of 8.8x for Captec, based on the implied transaction price and on reported
EBITDA for Captec for the first quarter of 2001 and the twelve months then
ended.

     
UBS Warburg calculated the FFO multiples and other financial information
for Captec at (i) the implied transaction price, based on the closing price of
CNLR common stock on the NYSE on June 29, 2001 and, with the special committee's
consent, the assumption that the per share value of the CNLR preferred stock
will be $24.00 upon issuance; and (ii) the implied transaction price, based on
the closing price of CNLR common stock on the NYSE on June 29, 2001 and, with
the special committee's consent, the assumption that the per share value of the
CNLR preferred stock will be $24.00 upon issuance and

adjusted to exclude a range of values related to the non-core assets and
adjusted to exclude income from the non-core assets.

                                                                                 
CAPTEC
                                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                   COMPARABLE                         IMPLIED           IMPLIED           IMPLIED
                                  TRANSACTIONS                      TRANSACTION       TRANSACTION       TRANSACTION
                                -----------------   TRANSACTION      PRICE --          PRICE --          PRICE --
                                   HIGH      LOW       PRICE      ADJUSTED 1(1,2)   ADJUSTED 2(1,3)   ADJUSTED 3(1,4)
                                
----------   ----   -----------   ---------------   ---------------   ---------------

LQA EBITDA multiple (x).......     12.8      10.2       9.4             11.0              10.7              10.5
LTM EBITDA multiple (x).......     12.4       9.9       8.8             10.5              10.2              10.0
LQA FFO multiple (x)..........      8.8       8.2       8.1             10.5              10.1               9.6
LTM FFO multiple (x)..........      
8.9       8.4       7.8             10.2               9.8               9.4
                                   ----      ----       ---             
----              ----              
----

- ---------------
Notes:

1 Adjusted to exclude income from non-core assets

2 Assumes the non-core assets have value of $3.4 mm and calculates implied
  transaction price net of this amount for purposes of deriving the valuation
  metrics

3 Assumes the non-core assets have value of $8.0 mm and calculates implied
  transaction price net of this amount for purposes of deriving the valuation
  metrics

4 Assumes the non-core assets have value of $13.2 mm and calculates implied
  transaction price net of this amount for purposes of deriving the valuation
  metrics

     Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  
UBS Warburg analyzed the financial impact of
the merger on, among other things, the estimated FFO per fully diluted share of
CNLR common stock for the year ending December 31, 2002.
In doing so, UBS
Warburg combined the projected operating results for Captec, as provided by
management, and CNLR, as projected by Goldman, Sachs & Co. equity research, as
well as other transaction related items.
UBS Warburg observed a total projected
post-merger incremental accretion of 5.2% in per share FFO for 2002 assuming no
synergies other than interest savings on Captec's debt.

     
FFO Payout Analysis.  
UBS Warburg analyzed Captec's projected FFO and funds
available for distribution payout ratio for 2001 based upon the projections
Captec provided and the current annual dividend rate of $1.52 per share.

Captec's projected 2001 FFO payout ratio is 97.8% and the projected 2001 funds
available for distribution payout ratio is 102.4%.
The 2001 estimated FFO payout
ratios for comparable companies ranged from a low of 61.7% to 85.7%.
Captec's
projected payout ratio calculation did not consider a possible change in the
interest rate or amortization schedule on Captec's existing credit facility that
matures in August 2001 with a one-time three-month extension option.

     
Dividend Reduction Analysis.  
Due to the high projected payout ratio and
pending debt maturity, UBS Warburg analyzed the impact of dividend reductions on
selected real estate companies since 1999.
These companies and the dates of
their respective dividend reductions include:

     - Associates Estate Realty Co. (February 1999)

     - Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (January 2000)

     - US Restaurant Properties, Inc. (May 2000)

     - HRPT Properties Trust (July 2000)

     - Prime Retail Inc. (January 2001)

     - Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (February 2001)

     - Malan Realty Investors, Inc. (March 2001)

     - Center Trust Inc. (March 2001)

     UBS Warburg tracked decreases in stock prices following announcements of
dividend reductions ranging from 19.4% to 100.0% of prior dividend rates.
The
analysis indicates a range of price decrease of 4.4% to 47.3% one week after the
announcement and a range of decrease of 6.2% to 51.3% four weeks after the
announcement.

     
Market Coupon of Perpetual Preferred Stock Analysis.  
UBS Warburg reviewed
and compared information concerning perpetual preferred stock of selected real
estate companies, specifically Apartment Investment and Management Company
(AIMCO), Colonial Properties Trust, Health Care REIT, Highwood Properties, Inc.,
Realty Income Corporation and United Dominion, including the credit ratings of
these stocks by Moody's and Standard & Poor's, the price of these preferred
stocks and their yield, expressed as a percentage of the price, with the implied
credit ratings of the CNLR preferred stock to be issued in the merger, based
upon CNLR's senior unsecured debt ratings by Moody's and Standard & Poor's, and
the $25.00 stated value and 9.0% stated dividend rate of the CNLR preferred
stock.
UBS Warburg then compared the stated dividend rate of the CNLR preferred
stock to be issued in the merger with the market dividend rate for a stock
having the characteristics of the CNLR preferred stock, as estimated by UBS
Warburg, of 9.375%.
UBS Warburg calculated the 9.0% stated dividend rate of the
CNLR preferred stock as 96.0% of the estimated market rate of 9.375%, and
multiplied the $25.00 per share stated value of the CNLR preferred stock by
96.0% (.96), equaling $24.00.

     
With the consent of the Captec special committee, UBS Warburg assumed for
purposes of its fairness opinion that the value of the CNLR preferred stock
would be $24.00 per share upon issuance.

     
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description.
In
arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis
or factor considered by it.
UBS Warburg believes that the summary provided and
the analyses described above must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of these analyses, without considering all of them, would create an
incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion.
In addition,
UBS Warburg may have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than
other analyses and factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions, therefore the range of valuations resulting
from any particular analysis described above should not be taken to be UBS
Warburg's view of the actual value of CNLR or Captec.

     
In performing its analyses, UBS Warburg made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of CNLR and Captec.
Any
estimates contained in UBS Warburg's analysis are not necessarily indicative of
future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these estimates.
The analyses performed were
prepared solely as a part of UBS Warburg's analysis of the fairness from a
financial point of view as of the date of the merger agreement of the merger
consideration to be received by holders of Captec common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement and were conducted in connection with the delivery by UBS
Warburg of its opinion, dated July 1, 2001, to the special committee.
UBS
Warburg's analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at
which shares of stock might actually trade.
The consideration to be paid by CNLR
in the merger was determined through negotiations and was approved by the
special committee.
UBS Warburg did not recommend any specific consideration to
Captec or suggest that any given consideration constituted the only appropriate
consideration for the merger.

     
UBS Warburg's opinion was one of the many factors taken into consideration
by the special committee and Captec's board of directors in making its
determination to approve the merger.
UBS Warburg's analyses summarized above
should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the special committee or
Captec's board of directors with respect to the value of Captec or of whether
the special committee or Captec's board of directors would have been willing to
agree to a different form of consideration.

     
UBS Warburg is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
UBS Warburg, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation

of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate
and other purposes.
In the past, UBS Warburg and its affiliates have provided
financial advisory and financing services to CNLR and its affiliates and have
received customary fees for the rendering of these services.
Specifically, in
1997, a UBS Warburg affiliate participated in CNLR's $200.0 million revolving
credit facility.
UBS Warburg is no longer a participant in CNLR's credit
facility.
In the ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg may from time to time
trade in the securities or indebtedness of Captec and CNLR for its own account,
the accounts of investment funds and other clients under the management of UBS
Warburg and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in these securities or indebtedness.

     
Captec has agreed to pay UBS Warburg a fee of $500,000 in connection with
the issuance of its opinion, which will be applied to a $2.75 million
transaction fee payable upon completion of the merger.
Captec also has agreed to
reimburse UBS Warburg for its expenses incurred in performing its services and
to indemnify UBS Warburg and its affiliates, their respective directors,
officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling UBS Warburg
or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including
certain liabilities under federal securities laws, related to or arising out of
UBS Warburg's engagement and any related transactions.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     Certain members of Captec's board of directors and management may be deemed
to have certain interests in the merger that are in addition to the interests of
Captec and its stockholders in the merger.
Captec's board of directors was aware
of these interests and considered them in approving the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     
Sale of Certain Assets of Captec to Mr. Beach.  
Contemporaneously with the
execution of the merger agreement, Captec, CNLR, CRC Acquisition LLC, a Michigan
limited liability company of which Mr. Beach is the sole owner, and two of CRC
Acquisition's wholly-owned subsidiaries executed a July 1, 2001 asset purchase
agreement.
Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, following completion of the
merger, the excluded assets will be sold to CRC Acquisition and its subsidiaries
for $7.5 million.
The excluded assets consist of Captec's current equity
interests in certain affiliated business ventures and the Financial Group note.

Pursuant to a July 1, 2001 loan agreement, CNLR has agreed to loan to CRC
Acquisition and its affiliates $6.75 million to be used by CRC Acquisition and
its subsidiaries to fund a portion of the purchase price for the excluded
assets.
These assets have a current book value on Captec's financial statements
of approximately $21.0 million.
See "THE MERGER -- Asset Purchase Agreement.
"

     Severance Payments.  
Mr. Beach and Mr. Martin each have employment
agreements with Captec pursuant to which they receive base annual salaries,
health and life insurance and certain other benefits and are eligible for an
annual bonus depending upon Captec's operating results.
Each employment
agreement provides for an initial three-year term that is automatically extended
for an additional year at the end of each year, subject to the right of either
party to terminate at the end of the then applicable term by giving written
notice of termination on or before November 30 of any year.
Although these
employment agreements do not terminate pursuant to their respective terms until
December 31, 2003, the parties have agreed to terminate these employment
agreements upon completion of the merger.
In consideration of the termination of
these employment agreements, CNLR will pay $916,875 to Mr. Beach and $640,000 to
Mr. Martin representing the amounts which CNLR and Messrs. Beach and Martin have
agreed are due to Messrs. Beach and Mr. Martin upon termination of their
employment agreements.
Ronald Max, Captec's Vice President and Chief Investment
Officer, will receive a $25,000 discretionary bonus upon completion of the
merger.

     
Deferred Compensation Plan Payments.  
Captec maintains a deferred
compensation plan pursuant to which directors who are not employees of Captec
can defer receipt of the fees payable to them for their services as directors.

The value of the amounts credited to a director in the deferred plan increases
or decreases based on the market value of the common stock.
Upon completion of
the merger, participating

directors will receive a cash payment based upon the value of their deferred
compensation plan accounts the amount of which will depend upon the price of the
Captec common stock just prior to the closing of the merger.
Assuming a price
for the Captec common stock of $12.50 per share, the following payments will be
made to directors of Captec with respect to their deferred compensation plan
accounts:

Albert T. Adams............................................  $86,746
William J. Chadwick........................................  
$79,793
Creed L. Ford III..........................................  $91,204
William H. Krul II.........................................  $99,239
Richard J. Peters..........................................  $93,751

Lee C. Howley does not participate in the deferred compensation plan.

     
Indemnification of Officers and Directors.  
Pursuant to the merger
agreement, CNLR has agreed to provide certain indemnification to the present and
former officers and directors of Captec and to maintain directors' and officers'
liability insurance for the officers and directors covered by Captec's
directors' and officers' liability insurance as of           , 2001.
See "THE
MERGER AGREEMENT -- Covenants -- Indemnification of Directors and Officers."

REGULATORY APPROVAL

     Neither Captec nor CNLR is aware of any material approval or other action
by any state, federal or foreign governmental agency that is required prior to
the completion of the merger in order to effect the merger or of any license or
regulatory permit that is material to the businesses of Captec or CNLR and that
is likely to be adversely affected by the completion of the merger.


STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

     The following description of the stockholders agreement does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, and is subject to, the more
complete and detailed information set forth in the stockholders agreement, which
is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this proxy-
statement prospectus is a part.

     
Simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement, Messrs. Beach
and Martin executed and delivered to CNLR a stockholders agreement which, among
other things, obligates them to vote all of the shares of Captec common stock
beneficially owned by them:

     - in favor of the merger agreement, the execution and delivery by Captec of
       the merger agreement and the approval of the terms thereof and any
       actions required in furtherance thereof;

     - against any proposal made by a third party to acquire Captec, directly or
       indirectly, pursuant to a tender or exchange offer, merger, share
       exchange, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of Captec's
       assets, even if such proposal is more favorable generally to Captec's
       stockholders than the merger proposal; and

     - against any proposal, action or agreement that would impede, frustrate,
       prevent or nullify the merger agreement, or result in a breach of the
       merger agreement or result in any of the conditions to the merger not
       being fulfilled.

     
Neither Mr. Beach nor Mr. Martin shall be required to vote for, or provide
a consent with respect to, any action that would reduce the number of the shares
of CNLR common stock or CNLR preferred stock or the cash to be received by Mr.
Beach or Mr. Martin in respect of their respective shares of Captec common stock
in the merger or take any action that is otherwise prohibited by Delaware law.

     
As of July 2, 2001, Messrs. Beach and Martin in the aggregate exercise
voting control over 727,552 shares of Captec common stock, representing 7.65% of
the issued and outstanding shares of Captec common stock on such date.


ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     
The following description of the asset purchase agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, and is subject to, the more
complete and detailed information set forth in the asset purchase agreement,
which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this proxy
statement-prospectus is a part.

     
Contemporaneously with the execution of the merger agreement, Captec, CNLR,
Mr. Beach and CRC Acquisition and certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of CRC
Acquisition, executed a July 1, 2001 asset purchase agreement pursuant to which,
following completion of the merger, the excluded assets will be sold to CRC
Acquisition and its subsidiaries.
The excluded assets consist of all of Captec's
rights and interests:

     - in and to its general partner interest in Captec Franchise Capital
       Partners, L.P. III, a Delaware limited partnership;

     - under the agreement of limited partnership of Captec Franchise Capital
       Partners, L.P. III;

     - in and to its general partner interest in Captec Franchise Capital
       Partners, L.P. IV, a Delaware limited partnership;

     - under the agreement of limited partnership of Captec Franchise Capital
       Partners, L.P. IV;

     - in Family Realty, Inc. and Family Realty II, Inc. (exclusive of Captec's
       interest in certain management contracts which will be terminated);

     - in FCV No. 1 a Delaware corporation that owns Captec's interests in FC
       Ventures, LLC;

     - in and to Captec's voting interests in CNLR Development, Inc.; and

     - under a promissory note dated July 1, 1995 made in favor of Captec by
       Financial Group.

     
In consideration of the sale of the foregoing assets, CRC Acquisition has
agreed to pay to CNLR in cash at the closing the sum of $750,000 and to execute
and deliver a promissory note in favor of CNLR in the principal amount of $6.75
million pursuant to the terms of a loan agreement between CNLR and CRC
Acquisition.

     
Prior to completion of the asset purchase and pursuant to Captec's
obligations under the agreements of limited partnership of Captec Franchise
Capital Limited Partners, L.P. III and Captec Franchise Capital Limited
Partners, L.P. IV, respectively, Captec must obtain the consent of a majority of
the limited partnership interests of each respective limited partnership to the
transfer of the applicable general partnership interest.
Failure of Captec to
obtain such consent will not be deemed to be a breach by Captec of the asset
purchase agreement, provided CRC Acquisition and Captec each use commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate actions or do,
or cause to be done, all things necessary and proper to obtain such consents.
In
the event the appropriate consents are not obtained prior to the completion of
the merger, upon closing of the sale of the other excluded assets in accordance
with the asset purchase agreement, Captec's economic interest in these
partnerships will be transferred to CRC Acquisition.
In addition, if the
consents are not obtained prior to completion of the merger, Mr. Beach has
agreed to pledge 10,000 shares of CNLR preferred stock which he will receive in
the merger (which, based upon the stated value of $25.00 per share, represents
an additional $250,000) to secure CRC Acquisition's obligation to continue to
seek approval of the limited partners.
These shares will be released to Mr.
Beach at such time as limited partner approval is obtained, the partnerships are
dissolved or CNLR elects to take control of the partnership interests, which, as
successor in interest to Captec under the partnership agreements, it shall have
the right to do after two years if such consents have not been received at that
time.
If CNLR does not elect to take control of the partnership interests, Mr.
Beach will forfeit the pledged shares.


LOAN AGREEMENT

     
The following description of the loan agreement does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by, and is subject to, the more
complete and detailed information set forth in the loan agreement, which is
filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this proxy-statement
prospectus is a part.

     
CNLR, as lender, has executed the July 1, 2001 loan agreement with CRC
Acquisition and certain of its wholly-subsidiaries, as borrowers.
Pursuant to
the loan agreement, CNLR will make a $6.75 million loan to the borrowers which
shall be used by the borrowers solely to purchase the excluded assets pursuant
to the asset purchase agreement.
The loan will be evidenced by a secured
promissory note and require the payment of principal and interest at the annual
rate of 9.0% in 59 consecutive equal monthly installments of $85,506.15 with a
final payment of unpaid principal and accrued interest on the loan due 60 months
after the loan closing.
The loan is subject to mandatory prepayment based upon
(i) the cash flow from certain of the business ventures included in the excluded
assets and from the sale, liquidation or disposition of any assets or property
of such business ventures, and (ii) the repayment of principal on the Financial
Group note.
The loan will be secured by a first priority lien against all
tangible and intangible personal property and assets of each of the borrowers
and $1.0 million of the CNLR common stock and/or preferred stock received by Mr.
Beach in the merger (with a portion of such pledged stock to be released if more
than $2.225 million of loan principal is repaid).
The making of the loan is
subject to certain conditions of closing set forth in the loan agreement.
The
borrowers also make certain representations and warranties to CNLR and are
subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants set forth in the loan
agreement.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following description summarizes the material provisions of the merger
agreement.
This description does not purport to be complete, is qualified in its
entirety by, and is subject to, the more complete and detailed information set
forth in the merger agreement which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy
statement-prospectus.


TERMS OF THE MERGER

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Captec will
merge with and into CNLR with CNLR being the surviving corporation and the
separate corporate existence of Captec will terminate.
CNLR will continue to
exist following the merger and its internal corporate affairs will be governed
by Maryland law.
As a result of the merger, the stockholders of Captec will
become stockholders of CNLR.

     
The merger will be completed and become effective on the date and at the
time certificates of merger are filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware
and the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation, or at such later time
as may be specified in the certificates of merger.

     
The articles of incorporation and bylaws of CNLR in effect immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger will continue to be the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of CNLR following completion of the merger.

     
The directors and officers of CNLR immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger will be the directors and officers of CNLR following the merger.


CONVERSION OF SECURITIES

     At the effective time of the merger, all shares of Captec common stock
owned by Captec or its subsidiaries as treasury stock and all shares of Captec
common stock owned by CNLR or its subsidiaries will automatically be cancelled
and cease to exist.
No CNLR capital stock or other consideration will be
delivered in exchange for any Captec common stock owned by Captec and/or its
subsidiaries or CNLR and/or its subsidiaries.

     
Each share of Captec common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the effective time, with the exception of Captec treasury stock, CNLR-owned
stock and shares with respect to which appraisal rights have been perfected,
will be automatically converted into the right to receive:

     - 0.4575 shares of CNLR common stock;

     - 0.21034679 shares of 9% CNLR Series A Non-Voting Preferred Stock; and

     - $1.27 in cash.

     
Cash will be paid in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares of CNLR
common stock and preferred stock.

     
The exchange ratio with respect to CNLR common stock and preferred stock
used in the above calculation will be adjusted to reflect the effect of any
reclassification, combination, subdivision, stock split, reverse split, stock
dividend, reorganization, recapitalization or other like change with respect to
Captec common stock or CNLR common stock occurring prior to the effective time.

     
Following the effective time, each holder of an outstanding option to
purchase shares of Captec common stock will be entitled to receive a cash
payment from CNLR in cancellation of such stock option.
This cash payment will
equal the amount, if any, by which the value of the merger consideration paid by
CNLR at the effective time exceeds the per-share exercise price of such stock
option, multiplied by the number of shares of Captec common stock subject to
such stock option.
For purposes of this calculation, the value of CNLR preferred
stock will be $25.00 per share and the value of CNLR common stock will be the
closing price of such common stock reported on the NYSE on the day immediately
preceding the effective time.
Each option to purchase shares of Captec common
stock will be cancelled upon payment.


EXCHANGE OF STOCK CERTIFICATES

     When the merger is completed, CNLR's exchange agent will mail to Captec
stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for exchanging Captec
share certificates for CNLR common stock and preferred stock certificates.
When
a Captec stockholder delivers the Captec share certificates to the exchange
agent, along with an executed letter of transmittal and any other required
documents, the exchange agent will send to such Captec stockholder the cash and
certificates to which that stockholder is entitled pursuant to the merger
agreement.
Cash also will be paid to Captec stockholders in lieu of issuing any
fractional shares of either CNLR common stock or preferred stock.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement includes various representations and warranties
qualified by specified exceptions and materiality standards, of both Captec and
CNLR related to, among other things:

     - corporate organization, valid existence, good standing and requisite
       authority to conduct business;

     - the absence of any undisclosed ownership of equity, membership,
       partnership or similar interest in any other business entity;

     - capitalization, validity of capital stock, and the absence of any
       undisclosed options, warrants or other similar rights to acquire capital
       stock; and

     - corporate power and authority to enter into the merger agreement and the
       transactions contemplated thereby, and the enforceability of the merger
       agreement.

     
The merger agreement also includes various representations and warranties
of Captec related to, among other things:

     - due authorization of the merger agreement and the transactions
       contemplated thereby by Captec stockholders and the enforceability of the
       merger agreement;

     - timely filing of all SEC forms, reports or other documents required to be
       filed by Captec with the SEC since January 1, 1999, and the material
       conformity of all such documents to the requirements of the Exchange Act
       and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

     - the fair presentation, in all material respects, of Captec's financial
       position and results of operations, and the compliance with generally
       accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the financial statements of
       Captec, and the completeness and accuracy, in all material respects, of
       the books and records of Captec;

     - the absence of any material undisclosed liabilities or indebtedness;

     - the completeness and accuracy of the disclosure concerning properties
       owned by Captec and all material contracts, leases, agreements or
       understandings of Captec, and the absence of any material breach or
       default with respect to any material agreement to which Captec is a
       party;

     - the payment or the creation of reserves for all material taxes, the
       filing of all required tax returns and the absence of any ongoing tax
       audits or investigation;

     - the absence of any undisclosed pending or threatened material litigation
       against Captec or any unsatisfied judgments against Captec;

     - Captec's liabilities under, and compliance with, applicable laws and
       regulations;

     - the absence of any undisclosed transactions with affiliates of Captec;

     - the completeness and accuracy of the disclosure concerning the
       compensation of officers, directors and employees of Captec; and

     - the accuracy of information concerning Captec supplied by Captec for use
       in this proxy statement.

     
The merger agreement also includes various representations and warranties
of CNLR related to, among other things:

     - the validity of the CNLR common stock and preferred stock to be issued as
       merger consideration;

     - timely filing of all SEC forms, reports, or other documents required to
       be filed by CNLR with the SEC since January 1, 1999, and the material
       conformity of all such documents to the requirements of the Exchange Act
       and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

     - the fair presentation, in all material respects, of CNLR's financial
       condition and results of operations, and the compliance with GAAP in the
       financial statements of CNLR, and the completeness and accuracy, in all
       material respects, of the books and records of CNLR;

     - the absence of any material undisclosed liabilities or indebtedness;

     - the completeness and accuracy of the disclosure concerning properties
       owned by CNLR and the absence of any material breach or default with
       respect to any material agreement to which CNLR is a party;

     - the payment or the creation of reserves for all material taxes, the
       filing of all required tax returns and the absence of any ongoing tax
       audits or investigation;

     - the absence of any undisclosed pending or threatened material litigation
       against CNLR or unsatisfied judgments against, and of material defaults
       by, CNLR; and

     - the accuracy in all material respects of this proxy statement-prospectus
       and the conformity of the proxy statement to the requirements of the
       Securities Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder.

     
None of these representations and warranties survive completion of the
merger.


COVENANTS

     Conduct of Business.  
The merger agreement requires each of Captec and CNLR
and their respective subsidiaries to carry on its business in the ordinary
course as currently conducted and, to the extent consistent therewith, to use
commercially reasonable best efforts to preserve in tact its current business
organization, keep available the services of its current officers and employees
and preserve its business relationships such that its good will and ongoing
business will be unimpaired at the effective time of the merger.

     
In addition, Captec and CNLR each have agreed, subject to certain
exceptions, not to:

     - issue, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of its capital
       stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such capital
       stock except pursuant to existing stock option plans;

     - amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

     - make any changes in accounting methods, principles or practices;

     - increase its indebtedness in excess of certain amounts;

     - sell or dispose of material assets; or

     - enter into any agreement with respect to a sale or all or substantially
       all of its stock or assets.

     
Captec also has agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, it will not,
and it will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, do any of the following
without the prior written consent of CNLR:

     - declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other
       distributions in respect of its capital stock except distributions
       consistent with past practice or the payment, at Captec's option, if
       applicable, of a special prorated dividend for the partial quarter ending
       on the day immediately prior to the effective time of the merger;

     - acquire by merger or consolidation any business or other entity;

     - make any capital expenditures or other expenditures in excess of $100,000
       in the aggregate;

     - pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations outside
       of the ordinary course of business in excess of $500,000 in the
       aggregate;

     - make or rescind any material tax election, settle or compromise any
       material tax liability or amend in any material respect any tax return;

     - fail to report to CNLR on material operational matters and any proposals
       to engage in material transactions;

     - fail to maintain in full force and effect insurance coverage;

     - adopt any new employee benefit plan or amend any existing employee
       benefit plan;

     - settle any stockholder derivative or class action claims arising out of
       or in connection with the merger; or

     - increase in any material respect the compensation or fringe benefits of
       any directors, officers or key employees;

     CNLR also has agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, it will not, and
it will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, do any of the following without
the prior written consent of Captec:

     - declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
       distributions in respect of its capital stock, except distributions
       consistent with past practice;

     - accelerate the payment, right to payment or vesting of any compensation
       or benefits, including any outstanding options to purchase capital stock
       of CNLR;

     - make or rescind any tax election with respect to CNLR's election as a
       REIT; or

     - acquire by merger, consolidation of asset or stock purchase any business
       or entity in one transaction or a series of related transactions with an
       aggregate value in excess of $50.0 million.

     
No Solicitation.  
Captec has agreed not to solicit or encourage any
inquiries or proposals or, except as described below, engage in discussions with
any person related to any acquisition proposal.
An acquisition proposal for
purposes of the merger agreement is:

     - any merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization,
       recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction;

     - any direct or indirect acquisition of 50.0% or more of the outstanding
       voting equity securities of Captec; or

     - any transfer of any of Captec's assets resulting in the transfer of more
       than 20.0% of its assets.

     
Captec also agreed not to engage in any discussions or negotiations with,
or provide materials to, any person relating, or that could reasonably be
expected to lead, to an acquisition proposal.
Captec agreed to promptly notify
CNLR of any acquisition proposals or any changes to an existing acquisition
proposal.

     
Captec may provide information to, or enter into negotiations with, a
person presenting an acquisition proposal, provided such acquisition proposal
was not solicited or encouraged by Captec, if Captec's board of directors
determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors and
outside legal counsel, that:

     - such acquisition proposal is likely to result in an offer superior to
       that proposed by CNLR;

     - Captec shall have provided written notice to CNLR that it has received a
       superior proposal and describing the terms of such proposal; and

     - Captec enters into a confidentiality agreement with the party submitting
       the superior proposal.

     
Captec's board of directors is permitted to withhold, withdraw, amend or
modify its recommendation in favor of the merger if a superior proposal is made
and not withdrawn, and CNLR has not, within three business days of receiving
notice of such superior proposal, made an offer that Captec's board of directors
by a majority vote determines in good faith based on advice of a financial
advisor, to be at least as favorable to Captec's stockholders as such superior
proposal.
Captec's board of directors may also change its recommendation of the
merger proposal if it determines, after consultation with its outside counsel,
that, in light of such superior proposal, the modification of its recommendation
is required to comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.

     
Indemnification of Directors and Officers.  
CNLR has agreed that its
amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws will contain
provisions with respect to indemnification and exculpation of directors and
officers and these documents will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified
for a period of six years after the effective time of the merger in any manner
that would adversely affect the rights of any person that was a director or
officer of Captec at or prior to the effective time of the merger, unless such
modification is required by law.

     
CNLR also has agreed to indemnify the present and former directors and
officers of Captec in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, based in whole or in part on the fact that such person is or was
a director or officer of Captec and arising out of actions or omissions
occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger.
CNLR is not obligated
to indemnify any director or officer of Captec for acts or omissions by such
director or officer involving willful or intentional misconduct or recklessness.

     
For a period of six years after the effective time of the merger, CNLR will
maintain in effect a directors' and officers' liability insurance policy
covering those persons who currently are covered by Captec's directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy with coverage in amount and scope at least
as favorable to such persons as Captec's existing coverage.
CNLR will not be
required, in order to maintain such directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy, to pay an annual premium in excess of 140.0% of the aggregate annual
amounts currently paid by Captec to maintain the existing policies and, if
equivalent coverage cannot be obtained, or can be obtained only by paying an
annual premium in excess of 140.0% of such amount, CNLR will be required only to
obtain as much coverage as can be obtained by paying an annual premium equal to
140.0% of such amount.

     
Listing of CNLR Common Stock and Preferred Stock.  
CNLR has agreed to cause
the shares of CNLR common stock to be issued in the merger and to use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of CNLR preferred stock to be issued
in the merger, in each case, to be listed on the NYSE on or prior to the closing
date of the merger.
CNLR also agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to
maintain the listing of the CNLR preferred stock on the NYSE for so long as such
shares remain outstanding.

     
Consent Solicitation.  
In connection with the sale of the excluded assets
following the merger by CNLR to CRC Acquisition, Captec, in its capacity as
general partner of Captec Franchise Capital Partners L.P. III and Captec
Franchise Capital Partners L.P. IV has agreed to prepare and file with the SEC a
consent solicitation for the purpose of transferring the general partnership
interests held by Captec in each of these partnerships to CRC Acquisition.
In
connection with this consent solicitation.
Captec has agreed to recommend that
the limited partners consent to and approve the transfer of each of the general
partnership interests to CRC Acquisition to the fullest extent permitted by its
fiduciary duties as the general partner of each of the partnerships.
Captec also
has agreed to pay CNLR a fee of $250,000 if Captec does not so recommend or if
the consent solicitations do not include the recommendation or if Captec
withdraws, amends or modifies, or proposes or resolves to withdraw, amend or
modify its recommendation, in each case, as a result of Captec's determination
that taking any of such actions is not permitted by Captec's fiduciary duties as
the general partner of the relevant partnership.

     
Certain Other Covenants.  
The merger agreement also contains certain other
agreements of Captec and CNLR, including those requiring the parties to:

     - take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do, or cause to be done, and
       to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things
       necessary, proper or advisable to complete and make effective the merger;

     - obtain any consents, licenses, permits, waivers, approvals,
       authorizations or orders required to be obtained or made in connection
       with the authorization, execution and delivery of the merger agreement
       and the completion of the merger;

     - make all necessary filings, and thereafter make any other required
       submissions required under state and federal securities laws, state and
       federal antitrust laws and any other applicable law; and

     - execute or deliver any additional instruments necessary to complete the
       merger and cooperate with each other in the making of all such filings.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     There are a number of conditions that must be met (or waived by the party
for whose benefit the condition exists) for the merger to be completed.

     
Conditions to the Obligations of Captec and CNLR.  
The conditions to the
parties' obligation to complete the merger are that:

     - approval of the merger by Captec's stockholders;

     - expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the
       Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976;

     - a registration statement for the shares of CNLR common stock and
       preferred stock to be issued in the merger, has become effective and
       those share have been approved for listing on the NYSE;

     - no governmental entity has enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
       entered any order, executive order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction,
       or statute, rule or regulation which has the effect of making the merger
       illegal or otherwise prohibiting completion of the merger; and

     - all necessary conditions set forth in the asset purchase agreement have
       been satisfied or waived and delivery into escrow of all documents
       necessary to complete the transactions provided for in the asset purchase
       agreement has occurred.

     - the shares of CNLR common stock and preferred stock included in the
       merger consideration shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE.

     
Conditions to CNLR's Obligations.  
The further conditions to CNLR's
obligation to complete the merger are:

     - certain representations and warranties of Captec set forth in the merger
       agreement are true and correct as of the closing date of the merger;

     - Captec has performed in all material respects all obligations required to
       be performed by it under the merger agreement;

     - CNLR has received a written opinion from its counsel to the effect that
       the merger will be treated as a tax free reorganization;

     - Captec has obtained all required consents and approvals of third parties;

     - CNLR has received the resignations, effective as of the effective time of
       the merger, of each officer and director of Captec and its subsidiaries;

     - CNLR has received a written opinion from Captec's counsel concerning its
       status as a REIT;

     - Captec has caused CNLR Development, Inc. to transfer its general
       partnership interests in Captec Ster Texas LP and Captec Texas
       Opportunity LP to CNLR;

     - certain agreements have been terminated on terms mutually agreeable to
       the parties thereto and CNLR;

     - the asset purchase agreement and loan agreement are in full force and
       effect;

     - CNLR has received a letter from Captec's independent auditors confirming
       that Captec has distributed all of its earnings and profits for all
       taxable years, including the taxable year beginning January 1, 2001;

     - Captec has terminated certain benefit plans;

     - the promissory note dated as of April, 17, 2001 made by Captec Franchise
       Capital Partners, L.P. IV to the order of Captec has been paid in full;
       and

     - Captec's federal tax return for the year ended December 31, 2000 has been
       filed with the IRS and a copy has been provided to CNLR.

     
Conditions to Captec's Obligations.  
The further conditions to Captec's
obligations to complete the merger are:

     - certain representations and warranties of CNLR set forth in the merger
       agreement are true and correct as of the closing date of the merger;

     - CNLR has performed in all material respects all obligations required to
       be performed by it under the merger agreement;

     - Captec has received a written opinion from its counsel that the merger
       will be treated as a tax-free reorganization;

     - UBS Warburg has not withdrawn, modified or revoked its fairness opinion;
       and

     - CNLR has paid, or has made arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Captec
       to pay, the outstanding amounts due under certain credit agreements.


TERMINATION AND TERMINATION FEE

     Termination of the Merger Agreement.  
Captec and CNLR may, by mutual
written consent, agree to terminate the merger agreement without completing the
merger.
The merger agreement may also be terminated:

     
By either Captec or CNLR:

     - if the merger is not approved by Captec's stockholders;

     - if the merger is not completed by January 31, 2002;

     - if any final, nonappealable order of any governmental entity or court is
       in effect that prevents the completion of the merger; or

     - if any of the conditions to a party's obligation to complete the merger
       become impossible to fulfill and is not waived by the other party.

     
By Captec:

     - if it is not in material breach of its obligations under the merger
       agreement and if any of the representations and warranties of CNLR are
       materially untrue or inaccurate or CNLR has breached any of its covenants
       or agreements in the merger agreement so that CNLR's conditions to
       complete the merger would not be satisfied.

     
By CNLR:

     - if Captec's board of directors approves or recommends, or proposes to
       approve or recommend, an acquisition proposal other than the merger;
       withdraws or modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger; fails
       to issue a press release reaffirming the Captec board of directors
       recommendation of the merger after commencement of a tender offer or
       exchange offer for more than 50.0% of the Captec common stock within two
       business days of CNLR's written request, or causes Captec to enter into
       any letter of intent or agreement for a competing acquisition proposal;

     - if a tender or exchange offer for Captec is commenced and within 10
       business days
thereof
Captec's board of directors fails to recommend
       rejection of the tender offer or exchange offer; or

     - if it is not in material breach of its obligations under the merger
       agreement and if any of the representations and warranties of Captec are
       materially untrue or inaccurate or Captec has breached any of its
       covenants or agreements in the merger agreement so that its condition to
       complete the merger would not be satisfied.

     
Termination Fee.  
Captec must pay to CNLR a termination fee of up to $5.0
million if the merger agreement is terminated by CNLR because:

     - Captec's board of directors approves or recommends, or proposes to
       approve or recommend, an acquisition proposal other than the merger,
       withdraws or modifies its recommendation or approval of the merger, fails
       to issue a press release reaffirming the Captec board of directors
       recommendation of the merger after commencement of a tender offer or
       exchange offer for more than 50.0% of the Captec common stock within two
       business days of CNLR's written request, or causes Captec to enter into
       any letter of intent or agreement for a competing acquisition proposal;

     - a tender or exchange offer for Captec is commenced and, within ten
       business days thereof, Captec's board of directors fails to recommend
       rejection of the tender offer or exchange offer; or

     - Captec's stockholders fail to approve the merger agreement or the merger
       agreement is terminated by CNLR as a result of any of Captec's
       representations and warranties being materially untrue or inaccurate or
       Captec's breach of any of its covenants or agreements in the merger
       agreement such that its conditions to complete the merger would not be
       satisfied AND, within nine months thereafter, Captec enters into any
       written agreement for a competing acquisition proposal which is
       subsequently completed.

     
Alternatively, if the merger agreement is terminated under certain other
circumstances, Captec and CNLR are obligated to pay to the other the lesser of
$1.0 million or the other party's actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

                           
DESCRIPTION OF CNLR STOCK

     The following summary of the terms of CNLR common stock and preferred stock
is not complete and is qualified by reference to the articles of incorporation
and bylaws of CNLR and applicable Maryland law and, in the case of the CNLR
preferred stock, the form of articles supplementary for such series.
The CNLR
articles of incorporation and bylaws are incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement-prospectus.
See "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION" on page   .
The
form of articles supplementary for establishing the CNLR preferred stock to be
issued in connection with the merger is included as an exhibit to the
registration statement of which this proxy-statement prospectus is a part.


GENERAL

     CNLR's authorized capital stock consists of 90,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $.01 per share, and 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value $.01 per share, of which up to 2,187,209 shares will be designated as 9%
Non-Voting Series A Preferred Stock.
There also is authorized 105,000,000 shares
of excess stock, issuable in exchange for capital stock, as described below
under "-- Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer" (p.   ).


COMMON STOCK

     As of July 1, 2001, there were 30,548,174.807 shares of CNLR common stock
outstanding held of record by approximately           stockholders.

     
All issued and outstanding shares of CNLR common stock are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The holders of CNLR common stock
elect all directors and are entitled to one vote per share on all matters
submitted to a vote of the stockholders.
Stockholders are entitled to receive
dividends when, as and if declared by CNLR's board of directors out of funds
legally available for that purpose.
Upon CNLR's liquidation, dissolution or
winding up, holders of CNLR common stock are entitled to share pro rata in any
distribution to stockholders subject to such rights and preferences as may be
created by the CNLR's board of directors with respect to any authorized class or
series of preferred stock.
Holders of CNLR common stock have no preemptive,
subscription or conversion rights.

     
The shares of CNLR common stock to be issued in connection with the merger
will be fully paid and nonassessable and will not be subject to preemptive or
other similar rights.


PREFERRED STOCK

     Generally.  
Under the terms of CNLR's articles of incorporation, CNLR's
board of directors may from time to time establish and issue one or more series
of preferred stock without stockholder approval.
CNLR board of directors may
also, subject to the express provisions of any other series of preferred stock
then outstanding, alter the designation or classify or reclassify any unissued
CNLR preferred stock by setting or changing the number, designation, preference,
conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of such series.

The issuance of CNLR preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power,
dividend rights and other rights of holders of CNLR common stock.

     
The CNLR preferred stock, when issued, will be duly authorized, fully paid
and nonassessable.
As of July 1, 2001, no shares of CNLR preferred stock were
issued and outstanding.

  
The 9% Non-Voting Series A Preferred Stock.

     
The CNLR preferred stock ranks senior, with respect to distribution and
liquidation rights, to all classes or series of shares of CNLR common stock, and
all equity securities, the terms of which provide that they shall rank junior to
the CNLR preferred stock.

     Distributions.  
Holders of CNLR preferred stock will be entitled to
receive, when and as authorized by CNLR's board of directors, out of funds
legally available for the payment of distributions, cumulative

preferential cash distributions at the rate of 9.0% of the $25.00 liquidation
preference per year (equivalent to a fixed annual amount of $2.25 per share).

Such distributions accumulate on a daily basis, shall be cumulative from the
effective time of the merger, and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on or
before March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year (or, if not
a business day, the next succeeding business day).
Distributions will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

     
No distributions on CNLR preferred stock will be authorized by CNLR's board
of directors, or paid or set apart for payment, if such authorization, payment
or setting apart for payment would violate or breach any agreement of CNLR or is
restricted or prohibited by law.
Distributions on CNLR preferred stock will
accrue regardless of whether any of the foregoing restrictions exist, CNLR has
earnings, there are funds legally available for payment thereof and whether or
not authorized.

     
If any CNLR preferred stock is outstanding, no full distributions will be
authorized and paid (or set apart for payment) on any equity securities of any
other class or series ranking, as to distributions, on a parity with or junior
to CNLR preferred stock, unless full cumulative distributions have been, or
contemporaneously are, authorized and paid, or authorized and a sum sufficient
for the payment thereof set apart for such payment, on CNLR preferred stock for
all past distribution periods and the then current distribution period.
When
distributions are not paid in full, or a sum sufficient for such full payment is
not so set apart, upon CNLR preferred stock and any equal ranking securities,
all distributions authorized upon such securities will be authorized pro rata so
that the amount of distributions authorized for CNLR preferred stock and each
such other equal ranking securities will in all cases bear to each other the
same ratio that accumulated distributions for CNLR preferred stock and other
equal ranking securities (which shall not include any accumulation in respect of
unpaid distributions for prior distribution periods if such equal ranking
securities do not have a cumulative distribution) bear to each other.

     
Further, except as provided above, unless full cumulative distributions on
CNLR preferred stock have been, or contemporaneously are authorized and paid, or
authorized and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for
payment, for all past distribution periods and the then current distribution
period, no distributions (other than in CNLR common stock or other equity
securities of CNLR ranking junior to the CNLR preferred stock as to
distributions and upon liquidation) shall be authorized or paid or set aside for
payment, nor shall any other distribution be authorized or made upon CNLR common
stock or junior ranking securities of CNLR, nor shall any CNLR common stock or
any other junior ranking securities be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired
for any consideration by CNLR (except by conversion into or exchange for junior
securities).

     
Voting.  
Holders of CNLR preferred stock have no voting rights except as
provided by law and described below.

     
Whenever distributions on any CNLR preferred stock shall be in arrears for
six or more quarterly periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of CNLR
preferred stock (voting as a single class with all other equity securities upon
which parity voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) will be
entitled to vote for the election of a total of two (2) additional directors of
CNLR at a special meeting called by CNLR's Secretary upon the written request of
the holders of at least 10.0% of the outstanding CNLR preferred stock or the
holders of at least 10.0% of any other voting parity securities so in arrears
(unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the
next annual or special meeting of shareholders) or, if the request for a special
meeting is received by CNLR less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next
annual or special meeting of stockholders, at the next annual meeting of
stockholders, and at each subsequent annual meeting until all distributions
accumulated on CNLR preferred stock for the past distribution periods and the
then current distribution period shall have been authorized and fully paid, or
authorized and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment in
full.

     
Any director elected by the preferred stockholders in accordance with the
above may be removed at any time with or without cause by the vote of, and shall
not be removed otherwise than by the vote of, the holders of a majority of the
outstanding CNLR preferred stock and all other series of voting parity

securities voting as a single class.
Any vacancy may be filled by written
consent of the directors elected by the preferred stockholders remaining in
office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of a majority of
the outstanding CNLR preferred stock and all other series of parity voting
securities voting as a single class.
The directors elected by the preferred
stockholders shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter.

     
So long as any CNLR preferred stock remains outstanding, CNLR may not,
without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of CNLR
preferred stock outstanding at the time, given in person or by proxy, either in
writing or at a meeting and voting separately as a class:

     - authorize or create, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any
       class or series of equity securities ranking senior to CNLR preferred
       stock with respect to payment of distributions or the distribution of
       assets upon liquidation, or reclassify any authorized equity securities
       of CNLR into any such equity securities, or create, authorize or issue
       any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to
       purchase any such equity securities; or

     - amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the articles of incorporation
       (including any articles supplementary), whether by merger or
       consolidation, so as to materially and adversely affect any right,
       preference, privilege or voting power of CNLR preferred stock or the
       holders thereof.

     
Ownership Limit.  
The restrictions on transferability and ownership
described below in "-- Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer" apply to CNLR
preferred stock at the option of the holders thereof.

     
Preemptive Rights, Conversion, Redemption.  
Holders of CNLR preferred stock
do not have any preemptive rights.

     
CNLR preferred stock is not convertible or redeemable, except that it may
be purchased by CNLR under certain circumstances so as to enable CNLR to
preserve its status as a REIT at the option of the holders thereof under the
Internal Revenue Code, and may be redeemed by CNLR as described below.

     
On and after December 31, 2006, CNLR, at its option and upon not less than
30 nor more than 60 days written notice, may redeem the CNLR preferred stock, in
whole or part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price
of $25.00 per share, plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon to
the date fixed for redemption, subject to the following limitations and subject
to compliance by CNLR with the procedural requirements applicable to the
redemption of CNLR preferred stock:

     - if fewer than all of the outstanding CNLR preferred stock is to be
       redeemed, the shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata (as nearly
       as may be practicable without creating fractional shares), by lot or by
       any other equitable method determined by the CNLR's board of directors;

     - the redemption price of CNLR preferred stock (other than the portion
       thereof consisting of accumulated and unpaid distributions) is payable
       solely out of the sale proceeds of other equity securities of CNLR, which
       include any depositary shares, interests, participations or other
       ownership interests and any rights (other than debt securities
       convertible into or exchangeable for such equity securities) or options
       to purchase any of the foregoing; and

     - unless full cumulative distributions on all CNLR preferred stock have
       been or contemporaneously are authorized and paid, or authorized and a
       sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart, for all past
       distribution periods and the then current distribution period, no CNLR
       preferred stock will be redeemed unless all outstanding CNLR preferred
       stock is simultaneously redeemed, and CNLR shall not purchase or
       otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any CNLR preferred stock (except
       by exchange for junior securities).

     
The foregoing shall not, however, prevent the purchase or acquisition of
CNLR preferred stock pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of outstanding CNLR preferred stock.

     
Any CNLR preferred stock that has been redeemed will, after such
redemption, have the status of authorized but unissued preferred shares, without
designation as to series until such shares are once more designated as part of a
particular series by CNLR's board of directors.

     
Liquidation Preference.  
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CNLR, the holders of any outstanding
CNLR preferred stock will be entitled to receive out of the assets of CNLR
available for distribution to stockholders, after payment or provision for
payment of all debts and other liabilities of CNLR, a liquidation preference in
cash of $25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid
distributions to the date of payment.
If upon any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CNLR, the assets of CNLR are
insufficient to make such full payment to the holders of CNLR preferred stock
and the corresponding amounts payable on all shares of other classes or series
of securities
CNLR ranking equally with respect to liquidation rights, then the
holders of CNLR preferred stock and all other such classes or series of equity
securities shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion
to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled.

     
After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distribution to which
they are entitled, the holders of CNLR preferred stock will not be entitled to
any further participation in any distribution of assets by CNLR.
Neither a
consolidation or merger of CNLR with or into another entity, nor a merger of
another entity with or into CNLR, nor a statutory share exchange by CNLR, nor a
sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of CNLR's
property or business shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of CNLR.

RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER

     
For CNLR to qualify as a REIT, not more than 50.0% in value of its
outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by any five or
fewer persons (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain
entities) during the last half of a taxable year.
The shares of CNLR capital
stock must be beneficially owned (without reference to any rules of attribution)
by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months
or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year.
Certain other
requirements also must be satisfied.

     
To ensure that any five or fewer persons do not own more than 50.0% in
value of CNLR's outstanding capital stock, CNLR's articles of incorporation
provide that, subject to certain exceptions, no holder may own, or be deemed to
own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more
than 9.8% in value of the outstanding capital stock.
CNLR's board of directors
may waive this ownership limit if evidence satisfactory to CNLR and its tax
counsel is presented that such ownership will not then or in the future
jeopardize CNLR's REIT status.
As a condition of such waiver, CNLR's board of
directors may require opinions of counsel satisfactory to it and/or an
undertaking from the proposed transferor with respect to preserving CNLR's REIT
status.

     
This ownership limit will not be automatically removed even if the REIT
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code are changed so as to no longer contain
any ownership concentration limitation or if the ownership concentration
limitation of the Internal Revenue Code is increased.
In addition to preserving
CNLR's REIT status, this ownership limit may impede or prevent any person or
group from acquiring control of CNLR.

     
If the ownership, transfer or acquisition of shares of CNLR common stock,
or change in CNLR's capital structure or other event or transaction would result
in:

     - any person owning (applying certain attribution rules) capital stock in
       excess of the ownership limit,

     - fewer than 100 persons owning CNLR's capital stock;

     - CNLR being "closely held" within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the
       Internal Revenue Code; or

     - CNLR otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT;


Then the ownership, transfer or acquisition, or change in capital structure (or
other event or transaction that would have such effect) will be void as to the
purported transferee or owner, and the purported transferee or owner will not
have or acquire any rights to the capital stock to the extent required to avoid
such a result.
Capital stock owned, transferred or proposed to be transferred in
excess of the ownership limit or which would otherwise jeopardize CNLR's REIT
status will automatically be converted to excess stock.
A holder of excess stock
is not entitled to distributions, voting rights or other benefits with respect
to such shares except for the right to payment of the purchase price for the
shares (or, in the case of a devise or gift or similar event which results in
the issuance of excess stock, the fair market value at the time of such devise
or gift or event) and the right to certain distributions upon liquidation.
Any
dividend or distribution paid to a proposed transferee or holder of excess stock
shall be repaid to CNLR upon demand.
Excess stock shall be subject to repurchase
at CNLR's election.
The purchase price of any excess stock shall be equal to the
lesser of:

     - the price paid in such purported transaction (or, in the case of a devise
       or gift or similar event resulting in the issuance of excess stock, the
       fair market value of such CNLR common stock at the time of such devise or
       gift or event); or

     - the fair market value of CNLR common stock on the date on which CNLR or
       its designee determines to exercise its repurchase right.

     
If the foregoing transfer restrictions are determined to be void or invalid
by virtue of any legal decision, statute, rule or regulation, then the purported
transferee of any excess stock may be deemed, at CNLR's option, to have acted as
an agent on CNLR's behalf in acquiring such excess stock and to hold such excess
stock on the company's behalf.

     
All certificates representing capital stock will bear a legend referring to
the restrictions described above.

     
CNLR's articles of incorporation provide that all persons who own, directly
or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more
than 5.0% of the outstanding capital stock, or such lower percentage as may be
required pursuant to regulations under the Internal Revenue Code or as may be
requested by CNLR's board of directors, must file a written notice with CNLR no
later than January 31 of each year with respect to the prior year containing:

     - the name and address of such owner;

     - the number of shares of CNLR capital stock owned by such holder; and

     - a description of how such shares are held.

     
In addition, each stockholder is required to disclose CNLR, upon demand, in
writing such information that CNLR may request in good faith in order to
determine its REIT status or to comply with the requirements of any taxing
authority or governmental agency.
The ownership limitations may impede or
prevent any person or group from acquiring control of CNLR.


TRANSFER AGENT

     The transfer agent and registrar for CNLR common stock is, and for CNLR
preferred stock will be, First Union National Bank.

                    
MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following are the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, applicable Treasury Department regulations,
administrative interpretations and court decisions as in effect as of the date
of this proxy statement-prospectus, all of which may change, possibly
retroactively.

     
This discussion addresses only shares of Captec common stock held as
capital assets.
It does not address all aspects of federal income taxation that
may be relevant to a Captec stockholder based upon that stockholder's particular
circumstances or to a Captec stockholder subject to special rules, such as:

     - a stockholder who is not a citizen or resident of the United States;

     - a foreign corporation, foreign estate or foreign trust;

     - a financial institution or insurance company;

     - a tax-exempt organization;

     - a dealer or broker in securities;

     - a stockholder that holds its Captec common stock as part of a hedge,
       appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion transaction; or

     - a stockholder who acquired Captec common stock pursuant to the exercise
       of options or otherwise as compensation.

     
Tax Opinion.  
In satisfaction of a condition of its obligation to complete
the merger Captec will receive an opinion of Baker & Hostetler LLP that the
merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and that
Captec and CNLR will each be a party to that reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

     
The opinion of tax counsel regarding the merger will rely, on (1)
representations, warranties and covenants of Captec and CNLR, including those
contained in certificates of officers of Captec and CNLR, and (2) specified
assumptions, including an assumption regarding the completion of the merger in
the manner contemplated by the merger agreement.
The opinion of tax counsel will
assume, the absence of changes in existing facts or in law between the date of
this proxy statement-prospectus and the closing date.
If any of those
representations, covenants or assumptions are inaccurate, tax counsel may not be
able to provide the required closing date opinion or the tax consequences of the
merger could differ from those described in the opinion that tax counsel has
delivered.
Tax counsel's opinion neither binds the IRS nor precludes the IRS or
the courts from adopting a contrary position.
Neither Captec nor CNLR intends to
obtain a ruling from the IRS on the tax consequences of the merger.

     
Federal Income Tax Treatment of the Merger.  
The merger will be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and Captec and CNLR will each be party to
that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
Neither Captec nor CNLR will recognize any gain or loss for federal income
tax purposes as a result of the merger.

     
Federal Income Tax Consequences to Captec Stockholders Who Participate in
the Merger.  
Based on the assumption that the CNLR preferred stock is not
classified as "nonqualified preferred stock" within the meaning of section
351(g)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, as described below, for federal income
tax purposes:

     - a holder of Captec common stock will not recognize any loss upon the
       stockholder's exchange of its shares of Captec common stock for shares of
       CNLR common stock, CNLR preferred stock, and cash.
A holder of Captec
       common stock will recognize some capital gain, if any gain is realized,
       in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the amount of gain realized
       (i.e., the excess of (a) the amount

       of cash and the fair market value of CNLR common and preferred stock
       received over (b) the tax basis of the Captec common stock), and (ii)
       the amount of cash received;

     - a holder of Captec common stock will have an aggregate tax basis in the
       CNLR common stock and CNLR preferred stock received in the merger equal
       to the aggregate tax basis of the Captec common stock surrendered by that
       stockholder in the merger, decreased by the cash received by the
       stockholder and increased by the amount of gain recognized by the
       stockholder.
The stockholder's basis will be allocated to the shares of
       each class of stock received in proportion to the fair market value of
       each class; and

     - the holding period for shares of CNLR common stock and preferred stock
       received in exchange for shares of Captec common stock in the merger will
       include the holding period for the shares of Captec common stock
       surrendered in the merger.

     
Classification of CNLR Preferred Stock.  
The nonrecognition rule described
above will not apply, and additional gain will be recognized upon the exchange
if the CNLR preferred stock is classified as "nonqualified preferred stock"
within the meaning of Section 351(g)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code.
In this
case, the gain would be recognized (if any gain is realized) in an amount equal
to the lesser of (i) the amount of gain realized (i.e., the excess of (a) the
amount of cash and the fair market value of CNLR common stock and preferred
stock received over (b) the tax basis of the Captec common stock), and (ii) the
sum of the amount of cash received and the fair market value of CNLR preferred
stock received.

     
For these purposes, the term "nonqualified preferred stock" means preferred
stock if (1) the holder of the stock has the right to require the issuer or a
related person to redeem or purchase the stock within 20 years of the issuance
of the stock, (2) the issuer or a related person is required to redeem or
purchase the stock within 20 years of the issuance of the stock, (3) the issuer
or a related person has the right to redeem or purchase the stock and, as of the
issue date, it is more likely than not that the right will be exercised within
20 years of the issuance of the stock, or (4) the dividend rate on the stock
varies in whole or in part (directly or indirectly) with reference to interest
rates, commodity prices, or other similar indices.
"Preferred stock" is defined
as stock which is limited and preferred as to dividends and does not participate
in corporate growth to any significant extent.

     
The CNLR preferred stock is not mandatorily redeemable by CNLR or puttable
to CNLR by a stockholder.
In addition, the dividend rate on the CNLR preferred
stock does not vary in whole or in part (directly or indirectly) with reference
to interest rates, commodity prices or other similar indices.
CNLR has the right
to redeem the CNLR preferred stock after 5 years.
The CNLR preferred stock will
constitute "nonqualified preferred stock" if it is more likely than not that
CNLR will exercise the redemption right.

     
Section 351(g)(2) was added to the Internal Revenue Code in 1997.
To date,
there is little guidance concerning the scope of this provision.
Neither the
legislative history nor any other direct authority establishes the parameters
for determining whether it is more likely than not that preferred stock like the
CNLR preferred stock will be redeemed.

     
CNLR has represented that it has no plan or intention to redeem the CNLR
preferred stock.
In addition, the CNLR preferred stock has no features that
effectively would require or are intended to compel its redemption.
CNLR will
take the position that the CNLR preferred stock is not more likely than not to
be redeemed.
There can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary
position.

     
There is analogous authority in the Section 305 regulations that gives some
indication of the standards that could be adopted by the IRS.
The Section 305
regulations set forth a safe harbor under which an issuer's right to redeem
preferred stock is not treated as "more likely than not" to be exercised if (1)
the issuer and the holder are not related, (2) there are no plans, arrangements
or agreements that effectively require or are intended to compel the issuer to
redeem the stock, and (3) exercise of the redemption right would not reduce the
yield of the stock, as determined under principles similar to the original issue
discount rules.
If the same safe harbor is adopted for purposes of applying
Section 351(g)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, the CNLR preferred stock should
not be treated as nonqualified preferred stock.


The CNLR preferred stock provides for the payment of dividends at a rate
intended to provide a 9.0% cumulative return, compounded on a quarterly basis as
long as the preferred stock is outstanding.
The CNLR preferred stock may be
redeemed by CNLR after five years for a fixed amount based on the liquidation
value of the stock.
Neither the dividend rate nor the liquidation value
increases over time.
Therefore, a redemption of the CNLR preferred stock would
not decrease the yield.
However, there can be no assurance that the IRS will
adopt this approach for defining nonqualified preferred stock.

     
This discussion is intended to provide only a general summary of the
material federal income tax consequences of the merger, and is not a complete
analysis or description of all potential federal income tax consequences of the
merger.
This discussion does not address tax consequences that may vary with, or
are contingent on, individual circumstances or any non-income tax or any
foreign, state or local tax consequences of the merger.
Captec strongly urges
each stockholder to consult his or her own tax advisor to determine the
particular tax consequences of the merger.

                                 
THE COMPANIES

     CAPTEC'S BUSINESS

     Captec is an externally advised REIT which acquires, develops and owns
high-quality freestanding properties leased principally on a long-term
triple-net basis to national and regional chain and franchised restaurants and
national retailers.
Captec generally acquires properties from operators or
developers in locations which have exhibited growth in retail sales and
population.
Upon acquiring a property, Captec typically enters into a long-term
triple net lease (typically 15 to 20 years plus one or more five year renewal
options) with the lessees.
Triple-net leases generally impose on the lessee
responsibility for all operating costs and expenses of the property, including
the costs of repairs, maintenance, real property taxes, assessments, utilities
and insurance.

     
Captec believes that the structure of its leases provides steady,
periodically escalating, long-term revenue, while reducing operating expenses
and capital costs, and that its underwriting standards reduce the risk of lessee
default under or non-renewal of the leases.
Captec's leases typically provide
for minimum rent plus specified fixed periodic rent increases.
Other revenues
are derived primarily from interest income on loans to affiliates and fee income
earned from affiliated ventures.

     
As of June 30, 2001, Captec had a portfolio of 136 properties located in 26
states, with a cost basis of $212.0 million.
The properties are leased to 46
operators of 33 distinct national and regional restaurant concepts and 10
operators of 12 national and regional retail concepts.

     
Captec's executive offices are located at 24 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive,
Lobby L, 4th Floor, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106.
Its telephone number is (734)
994-5505.
Additional information concerning Captec is included in the Captec
documents filed with the SEC which are incorporated herein.
See "WHERE YOU CAN
FIND MORE INFORMATION" (p.  ).

     
CNLR'S BUSINESS

     CNLR is a fully integrated self-administered equity real estate investment
trust, incorporated in Maryland in 1984.
CNLR acquires, owns, manages and
indirectly develops a diversified portfolio of high-quality, freestanding
properties leased to major retail businesses generally under full-credit,
long-term commercial net leases.

     
CNLR's portfolio emphasizes properties that are located within intensive
commercial corridors near traffic generators such as regional malls, business
developments and major thoroughfares.
These properties, which generally have
purchase prices of up to $10.0 million, attract a wide array of established
retail tenants, such as Academy, Barnes & Noble, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy,
Borders, CVS, Eckerd, Food 4 Less, IHOP, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Supervalu, The
Sports Authority, Wal-Mart and 7-Eleven.
Consequently, CNLR's management
believes that such properties offer attractive opportunities for stable current
returns and potential capital appreciation.
In addition, management believes
that the location and design of properties in this niche provide flexibility in
use and tenant selection and an increased likelihood of advantageous re-lease
terms upon expiration or early termination of the related leases.

     
CNLR generally acquires properties that are newly constructed or
re-developed as of the time of acquisition.
In addition, CNLR generally acquires
properties that are subject to a lease in order to avoid the risks of not
finding a tenant on a timely basis and to provide an immediate revenue stream.

CNLR's leases typically provide that the tenant bears responsibility for
substantially all property costs and expenses associated with ongoing
maintenance and operation, including utilities, property taxes and insurance,
and generally also provide that the tenant is responsible for roof and
structural repairs.
Such leases typically do not limit CNLR's recourse against
the tenant and any guarantor in the event of a default and for this reason are
considered "full-credit" leases.
CNLR's properties are leased on a long-term
basis, generally 10 to 20 years, with renewal options for an additional 10 to 20
years.

     
As of June 30, 2001, CNLR owned, either directly or through investment
interests, 241 properties, which were 98.0% leased, located in 36 states.
The
average remaining initial lease term of CNLR's properties was approximately 13
years.
Leases representing approximately 74.0% of annualized base rental income
from CNLR's properties, as of June 30, 2001, have initial terms extending until
at least December 31, 2011.
Approximately 83% of annualized base rental income
is derived from leases that provide for periodic, contractually fixed increases
in base rent.
These leases generally have increases that range from 6.0% to
12.0% after every five years of the lease term.

     
CNLR's principal office is located at 450 S. Orange Avenue, Suite 900,
Orlando, Florida 32801 and the telephone number is (407) 265-7348.
Additional
information concerning CNLR is included in the CNLR documents filed with the SEC
which are incorporated herein.
See "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION" (p.
  ).

     
CNLR'S MANAGEMENT AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     CNLR's board of directors and officers immediately prior to the completion
of the merger will serve as CNLR's board of directors and officers after the
merger.

     
Certain information regarding the executive compensation, various benefit
plans (including stock option plans), voting securities and the principal
holders thereof, certain relationships and related transactions and other
matters related to CNLR is incorporated by reference or set forth in CNLR's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000.
Stockholders
desiring copies of these documents may contact CNLR at its address or telephone
number indicated under the section entitled "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION"
(p.   ).

                        
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

     
The following is a summary of the material differences between the rights
of Captec stockholders and CNLR stockholders.
These difference arise from the
differences between the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Maryland
General Corporation Law, Captec's certificate of incorporation and CNLR's
articles of incorporation and Captec's and CNLR's respective bylaws.
After
completion of the merger, the rights of Captec stockholders who become CNLR
stockholders will be governed by CNLR's articles of incorporation, CNLR's bylaws
and Maryland law.
Captec stockholders are urged to read the full text of CNLR's
articles of incorporation and bylaws, which are set forth as exhibits to the
registration statement filed by CNLR.