URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1004985/000095013101502134/0000950131-01-502134.txt

A copy of a letter to stockholders communicating the Board's recommendation
is filed as Exhibit 2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

  (b) Background to the Offer; Reasons for the Recommendation

    (1) Background to the Offer

  In May 2000, Sara Lee announced plans to reshape its business and to look
for opportunities to acquire companies that would enhance its three major
global businesses, including its food and beverage business.
In connection
with this plan, in early April 2001, Steve McMillan, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Sara Lee, telephoned Barry Beracha, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Earthgrains, to request a meeting where the two might
discuss business opportunities between Sara Lee and Earthgrains.

  
On April 30, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Beracha in St. Louis to discuss
business opportunities, including a possible acquisition of Earthgrains by
Sara Lee.
On May 1, Mr. McMillan met with Blair Effron of UBS Warburg LLC in
Chicago to discuss a potential transaction with Earthgrains.
On May 2, Mr.
Beracha discussed his conversation with Mr. McMillan with several members of
the Board.

  
On May 22, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Beracha in New York and they agreed
that Earthgrains would provide to Sara Lee additional information and
management presentations regarding Earthgrains during the following month to
permit Sara Lee to further evaluate a possible acquisition.
Mr. Beracha and
Mr. McMillan also discussed the significant terms of any transaction,
including valuation, the headquarters of Earthgrains after the consummation of
a transaction and management issues.

  
On May 29, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Effron in New York to further discuss a
possible acquisition.
On the same day, Sara Lee and Earthgrains entered into a
confidentiality agreement relating to the discussions among their management
and advisors.

  
On June 6, 2001, in connection with continuing discussions relating to a
potential merger, members of Earthgrains management made a presentation to
management of Sara Lee concerning Earthgrains, its current and historic
financial performance and prospects.
Additional meetings between certain
members of Earthgrains' management and Sara Lee's management occurred on June
8 regarding potential cost synergies in connection with a transaction.

  
Between June 7 and June 27, Sara Lee and its representatives reviewed and
discussed with management of Earthgrains the business and financial condition
of Earthgrains and Sara Lee undertook its legal due diligence of Earthgrains.

On June 19, Earthgrains engaged UBS Warburg as its financial advisor with
respect to the sale of Earthgrains.

  
On June 19, counsel for Sara Lee provided a draft of a merger agreement to
counsel for Earthgrains.
Between June 23 and June 29, representatives of Sara
Lee and Earthgrains negotiated the provisions of the proposed merger
agreement.

  
On June 26, 2001, all members of the Board participated in a conference call
which apprised the members of the progress of the ongoing discussions and
negotiations with Sara Lee.
At that meeting Sullivan & Cromwell, legal advisor
to Earthgrains, reviewed the fiduciary duties of the Board in considering the
transaction with Sara Lee and reviewed the principal terms and conditions, as
well as the outstanding contractual

issues, with respect to the draft merger agreement.
UBS Warburg LLC ("UBS
Warburg"), financial advisor to Earthgrains, presented financial valuation
information regarding the proposed transaction.

   
On June 28, the Board of Directors of Sara Lee unanimously approved the
transaction and authorized proceeding with the Offer, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated thereby.
Following the meeting Mr. McMillan met with
Mr. Beracha in St. Louis.
At that meeting, Mr. McMillan proposed to Mr.
Beracha a price of $40.25 in cash for each outstanding Share.

  
On June 29, 2001, the Board held a special meeting at which it considered
the proposed financial terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger.
At
that meeting, Sullivan & Cromwell again reviewed the directors' fiduciary
duties in considering the proposed transaction and the principal terms and
conditions of the proposed transaction, including the principal terms and
conditions of the proposed merger agreement and the amendment to the Rights
Agreement.
Members of Earthgrains' management reviewed with the Board the
historical financial performance and prospects of Earthgrains.
UBS Warburg
further updated and advised the Board on financial valuation matters and
provided its opinion to the Board that, as of the date of such opinion and
subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken set forth in its written opinion, the $40.25 in cash per
Share to be received by the stockholders in the Offer and the Merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to such holders.
The Board then discussed the
presentations it had received at this and other Board meetings, the drafts of
the various documents received at the meeting and further discussed the terms
and conditions of other business combinations in the baking industry deemed
relevant, the scope and history of negotiations and the other matters
described below under "Reasons for the Recommendation."
The Board then
declared that the Offer and Merger were fair to, and in the best interests of
the stockholders, unanimously adopted, approved and declared advisable the
Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger, the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement and Amendment to the Rights Agreement and unanimously
resolved to recommend that the stockholders of Earthgrains tender their Shares
in the Offer.

  
Later on June 29, the Merger Agreement was executed by Sara Lee, SLC and
Earthgrains.

  
On July 2, Sara Lee and Earthgrains each issued press releases announcing
the transaction.

  
On July 3, SLC commenced the Offer.

  
During the Offer, Sara Lee and SLC intend to have ongoing contacts with
Earthgrains and its directors, officers and stockholders.

  
(2) Reasons for the Recommendation

  In making the determination and recommendation described above, the Board
carefully considered a number of factors, including without limitation, the
following:

  .  
the terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger Agreement;

  .  
the financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects
     of Earthgrains;

  .  
the written opinion of UBS Warburg to the Board, dated as of June 29,
     2001, that, as of the date of the opinion, the $40.25 per share cash
     consideration to be received by the holders of Shares in the Offer and
     the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.
     
The full text of UBS Warburg's written opinion which sets forth the
     assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
     undertaken is filed as Annex A hereto and is incorporated herein by
     reference.
UBS Warburg's opinion is addressed only to the Board, relates
     only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the $40.25 per
     share cash consideration, and does not constitute a recommendation to
     any stockholder as to whether or not such stockholder should tender
     shares in the Offer, how to vote with respect to the Merger Agreement or
     as to any other matters relating to the Offer or the Merger.
     
STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION OF UBS WARBURG CAREFULLY AND
     IN ITS ENTIRETY;

  .  
the trading history of the Shares since Earthgrains' initial public
     stock offering on March 26, 1996 and a comparison of that trading
     history with the stock trading histories of other companies in the
     baking industry and stock market indices that were deemed relevant;

  .  
a comparison of the financial terms of the Offer and the Merger with the
     financial terms of certain other transactions in the baking industry
     that were deemed relevant;

  .  
the current and prospective conditions and trends in the business
     sectors in which Earthgrains competes and anticipated effects of those
     conditions and trends on Earthgrains and its stockholders;

  .  
the likelihood of the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and the
     limited conditions to the consummation of the Offer;

  .  
the tax impact on Earthgrains' stockholders from their sale of Shares in
     the Offer or exchange of Shares pursuant to the Merger;

  .  
the availability of, and the comparative risks and benefits to
     Earthgrains' stockholders from pursuing other strategic alternatives to
     maximize stockholder value, including remaining independent and
     executing Earthgrains' long-term strategic plan;

  .  
the favorable impact of the acquisition on Earthgrains' non-stockholder
     constituencies, including employees, customers and the various
     communities in which it operates;

  .  
the representation of Sara Lee that it will have sufficient funds to
     consummate the Offer and the Merger and the fact that the Offer is not
     subject to a financing condition;

  .  
Sara Lee's commitment to contest and resist (including by defending any
     litigation) any action or proceeding brought by a governmental entity
     challenging the transactions;

  .  
the fact that the Merger Agreement, although prohibiting Earthgrains
     from soliciting or engaging in negotiations concerning any Acquisition
     Proposal, permits Earthgrains to furnish information concerning its
     business and enter into discussions or negotiations with any third party
     in response to a written Superior Proposal; and

  .  
the provisions in the Merger Agreement that require Earthgrains to pay
     Sara Lee a termination fee of $67 million if the Merger Agreement is
     terminated under certain circumstances, which the Board recognized could
     have the effect of impeding other offers, but which the Board believed
     to be within the range of reasonable termination fees provided for in
     comparable transactions and not to be a significant deterrent to
     competing offers.

  
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
Board is not intended to be exhaustive but includes material factors
considered by the Board in approving the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the
Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby and in recommending that
stockholders of Earthgrains tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.
The
Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specific factors considered.
In addition,
individual members of the Board may have given different weights to different
factors.

  
(c) Intent to Tender.
After reasonable inquiry, to the best of Earthgrains'
knowledge, each executive officer, director, affiliate and subsidiary of
Earthgrains currently intends, subject to compliance with applicable law,
including Section 16(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, to tender all Shares held of record or beneficially owned by such
person or entity to Sara Lee in the Offer.


Item 5.
Person/Assets, Retained, Employed, Compensated or Used.

  
Earthgrains has retained UBS Warburg to act as its exclusive financial
advisor in connection with the Offer and the Merger.
Pursuant to the terms of
this engagement, Earthgrains has agreed to pay UBS Warburg for its

financial advisory services an aggregate fee of approximately $12 million,
earned upon execution of the Merger Agreement.
Earthgrains has also agreed to
reimburse UBS Warburg for reasonable expenses incurred by UBS Warburg in
performing its services, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, and to
indemnify UBS Warburg and related parties against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating to or
arising out of its engagement.
In the ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg
and its successors and affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of
Earthgrains and Sara Lee for their own accounts or for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.


Item 6.
Interest in Securities of the Subject Company.

  
Except for exercises of stock options granted under Earthgrains' stock
option plan and the individual award agreements issued pursuant thereto and
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Offer and
the Merger, no transaction in the Shares has been effected during the past 60
days by Earthgrains or, to the knowledge of Earthgrains, any of its executive
officers, directors, affiliates or subsidiaries, except that William Stevens
purchased 4,200 Shares on May 3, 2001, 15,400 Shares on May 4, 2001 and 3,000
Shares on May 7, 2001.


Item 7.
Purposes of the Transaction and Plans or Proposals.

  
(a) Except as set forth in this Statement, Earthgrains is not currently
undertaking or engaged in any negotiations in response to the Offer that
relates to (i) a tender offer or other acquisition of Earthgrains' securities
by Earthgrains, any subsidiary of Earthgrains or any other person; (ii) an
extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation,
involving Earthgrains or any subsidiary of Earthgrains; (iii) a purchase, sale
or transfer of a material amount of assets of Earthgrains or any subsidiary of
Earthgrains; or (iv) any material change in the present dividend rate or
policy, or indebtedness or capitalization of Earthgrains.

  
(b)
Except as set forth in this Statement, there are no transactions,
resolutions of the Board, agreements in principle, or signed contracts in
response to the Offer that relate to one or more of the events referred to in
the preceding paragraph.


Item 8.
Additional Information.

  
(a) Delaware General Corporation Law.
As a Delaware corporation, Earthgrains
is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL (the "Delaware Takeover Statute").
In
general, the Delaware Takeover Statute prevents an "Interested Stockholder"
(generally defined as a person who beneficially owns 15% or more of
Earthgrains' outstanding voting stock or who is an affiliate or associate of
Earthgrains and has owned 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of
Earthgrains at any time within the 3-year period immediately prior to becoming
an Interested Stockholder) from engaging in certain business combinations,
including a merger, with Earthgrains for a period of three years following the
time such person became an Interested Stockholder, unless, among other
exceptions, before the time such person became an Interested Stockholder, the
Board either approved the business combination or the transaction in which
such person became an Interested Stockholder.
Accordingly, the Board approved
the Merger Agreement, as described in Item 4 above and, therefore, the
restrictions of the Delaware Takeover Statute are inapplicable to the Merger
and the transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement.

  
Under the DGCL, if SLC acquires, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, at
least 90% of the Shares, SLC will be able to effect the Merger after
consummation of the Offer without a vote of Earthgrains' stockholders.

However, if SLC does not acquire at least 90% of the Shares pursuant to the
Offer or otherwise and a vote of Earthgrains' stockholders is required under
Delaware law, a significantly longer period of time will be required to effect
the Merger.

  
(b) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
Earthgrains' Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires that certain business
transactions, including a merger or consolidation, with any person

who is the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Shares (a "10% Stockholder")
or one of its affiliates or associates, be approved by a vote of not less than
a majority of the Shares, subject to certain exceptions.
One such exception is
if the transaction is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
either prior or subsequent to the acquisition of the Shares in which such
person became a 10% Stockholder.
Accordingly, the Board approved the Merger
Agreement, as described in Item 4 above and, therefore, the restrictions of
the Earthgrains Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are
inapplicable to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.

  (c) Information Provided Pursuant to Rule 14F-1 Under the Exchange Act.
The
Information Statement attached as Annex B to this Statement is being furnished
to Earthgrains' stockholders in connection with the designation by SLC of
persons to the Board other than at a meeting of Earthgrains' stockholders, and
such information is incorporated herein by reference.

  (d) Confidentiality Agreement.
Sara Lee has agreed, pursuant to a
Confidentiality Agreement, dated May 29, 2001, with Earthgrains, that it will
keep confidential all information concerning Earthgrains and its subsidiaries
that Sara Lee obtained in connection with its discussions with Earthgrains
regarding possible negotiated business arrangements.
Sara Lee further agreed
that, for a period of two years following the date of the Confidentiality
Agreement, it will not acquire any securities of Earthgrains, seek to control
or influence Earthgrains' management or hire any employee of Earthgrains with
whom Sara Lee had contact during the discussions that led to the execution and
delivery of the Merger Agreement.

  
(e) The Rights Agreement.
Each Right issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement
entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase under some circumstances
one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock at an exercise price of
$100 per one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment.
Generally, the Rights become exercisable 10 days after the earlier
of (i) the first public announcement that a person or group (an "Acquiring
Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding
Shares or (ii) the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in that person becoming the beneficial
owner of 15% or more of the Shares (the earlier of such dates being the
"Distribution Date").
After any person becomes an Acquiring Person, each
holder of each of the Rights (other than the Acquiring Person) will thereafter
have the right to receive, in lieu of one one-hundredth of a share of Junior
Preferred Stock, such number of Shares as shall equal the result obtained by
multiplying an amount equal to the then current purchase price by an amount
equal to the number of one one-hundredths of a share of Junior Preferred Stock
for which the Rights were or would have been exercisable immediately prior to
the first occurrence of any such event whether or not the Rights were then
exercisable, and dividing that product by 50% of the current market price per
Share determined as of the date of such first occurrence.
Upon the vote of the
Board, the Rights may be redeemed at a price of $.01 per Right at any time
prior to March 1, 2006 or the close of business on the 10th business day
following the first date of public announcement by Earthgrains or an Acquiring
Person that an Acquiring Person has become such.

  
Earthgrains and Boatmen's Trust Company, as rights agent under the Rights
Agreement, amended the Rights Agreement as of June 29, 2001 to provide, among
other things that (i) neither Sara Lee, SLC nor any of their respective
Affiliates or Associates shall become an Acquiring Person, either individually
or collectively, (ii) no Distribution Date, Stock Acquisition Date or
Triggering Event (each, as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur, (iii)
no Rights shall separate from the Shares or otherwise become exercisable, (iv)
no holder of Rights or any other Person shall have any legal or equitable
rights, remedy or claim under this Agreement, and (v) no exercise price
adjustment shall be made, in each case solely by virtue of (A) the
announcement of the Offer, (B) the acquisition of Shares of Earthgrains
pursuant to the Offer, the Merger or the Merger Agreement, (C) the execution
and delivery of the Merger Agreement or (D) the consummation of the Offer, the
Merger or any of the other transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

  
(f) United States Antitrust Compliance.
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and the rules
that have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade

Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not be
consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the FTC
and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied.
The purchase of
the Shares pursuant to the Offer is subject to these requirements.

  
Under the provisions of the HSR Act applicable to the purchase of the Shares
pursuant to the Offer, such purchase may not be made until the expiration of a
15-calendar day waiting period following the required filing of a Notification
Report Form under the HSR Act by SLC, which Sara Lee intends to submit on July
5, 2001.
If the submission is in fact made on such date, the waiting period
under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M., New York City time, on July 20,
2001 unless early termination of the waiting period is granted by the FTC and
the Antitrust Division or Sara Lee or SLC receives a request for additional
information or documentary material prior thereto, or for any reason the
initial waiting period is not deemed to have begun at the time of the initial
filing by Sara Lee.
If either the FTC or the Antitrust Division issues a
request for additional information or documentary material from Sara Lee prior
to the expiration of the 15-day waiting period, the waiting period will be
extended and will expire at 11:59 P.M., New York City time, on the 10th
calendar day after the date of substantial compliance by Sara Lee with such
request unless terminated earlier by the FTC and the Antitrust Division.
If
such a request is issued, subject to Sara Lee's right to terminate the Offer
on June 30, 2001, Sara Lee is obligated to continue to hold the Offer open and
the purchase of and payment for Shares pursuant to the Offer will be deferred
until the additional waiting period pursuant to a request for additional
information or documentary material is authorized by the rules promulgated
under the HSR Act.
Thereafter, the waiting period can be extended only by
court order or by consent of Sara Lee.
Although Earthgrains is required to
file certain information and documentary material with the Antitrust Division
and the FTC in connection with the Offer, neither Earthgrains' failure to make
such filings nor a request from the Antitrust Division or the FTC for
additional information or documentary material will extend the waiting period.

  
The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as the proposed acquisition of
Earthgrains pursuant to the Offer.
At any time before or after SLC's
acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Antitrust Division or the FTC
could take such action under the antitrust laws as either deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer or the consummation of the Merger or seeking the
divestiture of assets of Earthgrains or its subsidiaries or Sara Lee or its
subsidiaries.
Private parties and state attorney generals may also bring legal
action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.
There can be no
assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made,
or, if such a challenge is made, of the result thereof.

  
If the Antitrust Division, the FTC, a state or a private party raises
antitrust concerns in connection with a proposed transaction, Sara Lee and SLC
may engage in negotiations with the relevant governmental agency or party
concerning possible means of addressing these issues and may delay
consummation of the Offer or the Merger while such discussions are ongoing.

Sara Lee and Earthgrains have agreed to use their respective commercially
reasonable efforts to resolve any antitrust issues and Sara Lee has committed
itself in the Merger Agreement to contest and resist any action challenging
any of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement.

  
(g) European Union Merger Regulation.
Sara Lee and Earthgrains each carry on
business in member states of the European Union.
Council Regulation (EEC)
4064/89, as amended, will require notification to and approval by the European
Commission of the Offer and the Merger before such transactions can be
completed.
Sara Lee and Earthgrains intend to file with the European
Commission the required notification shortly after the commencement of the
Offer.

  
The European Commission must review the Offer and the Merger and determine
that such transactions do not create or strengthen a dominant position as a
result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the
European common market.
The European Commission has one month following the
submission of a complete notification to complete its preliminary
investigation (which period may be extended to six weeks

if the parties offer undertakings to address certain concerns the European
Commission may have).
If, within this one-month period (or six-week period, if
applicable), the European Commission decides that the Offer and the Merger are
compatible with the European common market, or if it fails to reach a
decision, the Offer and the Merger will be deemed approved.
If, instead, the
European Commission considers that it needs to examine the Offer and the
Merger more closely, it will initiate a more detailed investigation which can
last up to an additional four months.
Sara Lee and Earthgrains believe that
the Offer and the Merger are compatible with the common market under Council
Regulation 4064/89.
However, no assurance can be given that the European
Commission will agree or that the European Commission will not impose certain
conditions or restrictions on the Offer and the Merger.

  
(h) Other Filings.
Both Sara Lee and Earthgrains conduct operations in a
number of foreign countries.
Consequently, filings may have to be made with
other foreign governments under their pre-merger notification statutes.
The
filing requirements of various nations are being analyzed by the parties, and,
where necessary, the parties intend to make such filings.


Item 9.
Exhibits.

  
Exhibit
    No.                                 Description
  -------                               -----------

 Exhibit 1  Portions from Earthgrains Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual
            Meeting of Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the
            Earthgrains' Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on June 18,
            2001, File No. 27426).

 
Exhibit 2  Letter to Stockholders of The Earthgrains Company, dated July 3,
            2001.
*

 Exhibit 3  Press Release of The Earthgrains Company, dated July 3, 2001.
*

 Exhibit 4  The Offer to Purchase, dated July 3, 2001 (incorporated by
            reference to and filed as Exhibit (a)(1) to the Sara Lee Schedule
            TO filed on July 3, 2001).

 
Exhibit 5  Form of Letter of Transmittal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            (a)(2) to the Sara Lee Schedule TO filed on July 3, 2001).

 
Exhibit 6  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 29, 2001, by and among
            Sara Lee Corporation, SLC Acquisition Corp. and The Earthgrains
            Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(1) of the Sara
            Lee Schedule TO filed on July 3, 2001).

 
Exhibit 7  Form of Executive Severance Agreement for the Chief Executive
            Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to The
            Earthgrains Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
            year ended March 27, 2001).

 
Exhibit 8  Form of Executive Severance Agreement for officers other than the
            Chief Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22
            to The Earthgrains Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 27, 2001).

 
Exhibit 9  Confidentiality Agreement between The Earthgrains Company and Sara
            Lee Corporation, dated June 29, 2001.
*

 Exhibit 10 First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2001 between
            The Earthgrains Company and The Boatmen's Trust Company, as rights
            agent.
*

 Annex A    Fairness Opinion of UBS Warburg LLC, dated as of June 29, 2001.

 
Annex B    Information Statement pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities
            Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14f-1 thereunder.

- --------
*  Filed herewith.

                                   
SIGNATURE

  After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that
the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.


Dated: July 3, 2001

                                          THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY

                                          By: /s/
Joseph M. Noelker
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Name: Joseph M. Noelker
                                             Title: Vice President, General
                                             Counsel and
                                                Corporate Secretary

                                                                         ANNEX A

                        
[LETTERHEAD OF UBS WARBURG LLC]

                                                                   June 29, 2001

The Board of Directors
The Earthgrains Company
8400 Maryland Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63105

Members of the Board of Directors:

           We understand that The Earthgrains Company, a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), is considering a transaction whereby SLC Acquisition Corp., a
newly formed Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Sara Lee Corporation, a company organized under the laws of Maryland ("Sara
Lee"), will purchase all issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Company for $40.25 per share
in cash (the "Consideration").
Pursuant to the terms of a draft Agreement and
Plan of Merger by and among Sara Lee, Purchaser and the Company (the "Merger
Agreement")
Purchaser will (i) make a cash tender offer to acquire all issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, together with the
associated rights to purchase shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (ii) merge with and into the Company (the
"Transaction").
The terms and conditions of the Transaction are more fully set
forth in the Merger Agreement.

           
You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial
point of view of the Consideration to be received by the holders of the Common
Stock of the Company in the Transaction.

           
UBS Warburg LLC ("UBS Warburg") has acted as financial advisor to the
Board of Directors of the Company in connection with the Transaction and will
receive a fee upon the consummation thereof for its services, which include the
rendering of this opinion.
In the past, UBS Warburg has provided investment
banking and other financial advisory services to the Company and has received
customary fees for rendering these services.
In connection with our engagement,
we were not requested to, and we did not solicit third party indications of
interest in the acquisition of all or a part of the Company.
In the ordinary
course of business, UBS Warburg, its successors and affiliates may trade or have
traded securities of the Company and/or Sara Lee and accordingly, may at any
time hold a long/short position in such securities.


[LOGO OF UBS WARBURG]
                                      -2-

     Our opinion does not address the Company's underlying business decision to
effect the Transaction or constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of the
Company as to whether such stockholder should tender their shares and vote with
respect to the Transaction.
At your direction, we have not been asked to, nor do
we, offer any opinion as to the material terms of the Merger Agreement or the
form of the transaction.
In rendering this opinion, we have assumed, with your
consent, that the final executed form of the Merger Agreement does not differ in
any material respect from the draft that we have examined, and that the
Purchaser, Sara Lee and the Company will comply with all the material terms of
the Merger Agreement.

     
In arriving at our opinion, we have, among other things: (i) reviewed
certain publicly available business and historical financial information
relating to the Company; (ii) reviewed certain internal financial information
and other data relating to the business and financial prospects of the Company,
including estimates and financial forecasts prepared by management of the
Company that were provided to us by the Company and not publicly available;
(iii) conducted discussions with members of the senior management of the
Company; (iv) reviewed the recent reported prices and trading activity for the
Company's Common Stock and compared such information and certain financial
information of the Company with similar information for certain other companies
engaged in businesses we consider generally comparable to those of the Company;
(v) compared the financial terms of the Transaction with the publicly available
financial terms of certain other transactions which we believe to be generally
relevant; (vii) reviewed drafts of the Merger Agreement and certain ancillary
documents; and (viii) conducted such other financial studies, analyses and
investigations, and considered such other financial, economic and market data
and other information as we deemed necessary or appropriate.

     
In connection with our review, at your direction, we have not assumed any
responsibility for independent verification for any of the information reviewed
by us for the purpose or this opinion and have, at your direction, relied on its
being complete and accurate in all material respects.
In addition, at your
direction, we have not made any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of
the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company nor have we
been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.
With respect to the
financial forecasts and estimates referred to above, we have assumed, at your
direction, that they have been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the
Company as to the future performance of the Company.
We were not asked to
consider, and our opinion does not address, the relative merits of the
Transaction as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist
for the Company or the effect of any other transaction in which the Company
might engage.
Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and
other conditions and circumstances as in effect on, and the information made
available to us as of, the date hereof.


[LOGO OF UBS WARBURG]

                                      -3-

           Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as
the date hereof, the Consideration to be received by the holders of the Common
Stock of the Company in the Transaction is fair, from a financial point of view,
to such stockholders.

                               
Very truly yours,

                               /s/
UBS Warburg LLC

                               UBS WARBURG LLC

                                                                        ANNEX B

                INFORMATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(F)
                    OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                           AND RULE 14F-1 THEREUNDER

  This Information Statement is being mailed on or about July 3, 2001, as part
of the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule
14D-9") of The Earthgrains Company, a Delaware corporation ("Earthgrains"),
with respect to the tender offer (the "Offer") by SLC Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation ("SLC") and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sara Lee
Corporation, a company organized under the laws of Maryland ("Sara Lee"), to
the holders of record of the issued and outstanding voting common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, including the associated rights to purchase preferred
stock, of Earthgrains (the "Shares").
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Schedule 14D-9.
This
Information Statement is being distributed in connection with the possible
election of persons designated by Sara Lee to a majority of the seats on
Earthgrains' board of directors (the "Board").

  
The Offer is being made by SLC pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of June 29, 2001, by and
among Earthgrains, Sara Lee and SLC.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i)
Sara Lee will cause SLC to
commence the Offer for all Shares at a purchase price of $40.25 per share, net
to the seller in cash, and (ii) SLC will be merged with and into Earthgrains.

As a result of the Merger, Earthgrains will become a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Sara Lee.

  
The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly after the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the Offer, Sara Lee shall be entitled to designate such number of
directors (the "Sara Lee Designees") to the Board as will give Sara Lee
representation proportionate to its ownership, subject to certain conditions.

The Merger Agreement requires Earthgrains to take such action as Sara Lee may
request to cause the Sara Lee Designees to be elected to the Board under the
circumstances described therein.
This Information Statement is required by
Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder.
You
are urged to read this Information Statement carefully.
You are not, however,
required to take any action in connection with this Information Statement.

  
The Offer commenced on July 3, 2001 and is scheduled to expire at 12:00
midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, July 31, 2001, at which time, if all
conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived and certain other
circumstances do not exist, SLC will purchase all of the Shares validly
tendered pursuant to the Offer and not withdrawn.

  
The information contained in this Information Statement concerning SLC and
Sara Lee has been furnished to Earthgrains by Sara Lee and Earthgrains assumes
no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any such information.

                                    
GENERAL

  The Shares are the only class of equity securities of Earthgrains
outstanding which are entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of
Earthgrains.
As of June 29, 2001 there were 42,648,084 issued and outstanding
Shares.

              RIGHTS TO DESIGNATE DIRECTORS AND PARENT DESIGNEES

  SLC has informed Earthgrains that it currently intends to choose the Sara
Lee Designees from among the executive officers and directors of Sara Lee and
SLC listed in Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase (which is filed as an
exhibit to the Schedule TO filed by Sara Lee and SLC with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the

                                      B-1

"SEC") on July 3, 2001), a copy of which is being mailed to the stockholders
of Earthgrains.
The information with respect to such officers and directors in
Schedule I is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

  
The Merger Agreement provides that, if requested by Sara Lee, Earthgrains
shall, to the extent permissible, promptly following the purchase of Shares by
SLC pursuant to the Offer, take all action necessary to cause the Sara Lee
Designees to become directors of Earthgrains so that the total number of such
persons, rounded up to the next whole number, equals the product of the total
number of directors on the Board (giving effect to the directors to be elected
pursuant to the Merger Agreement) multiplied by the percentage that the number
of Shares beneficially owned by SLC, Sara Lee or any of their affiliates,
bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding (on a fully diluted
basis).
At such time, Earthgrains shall also cause persons designated by Sara
Lee to constitute the same percentage (rounded up to the next whole number) as
is on the Board of (i) each committee of the Board (ii) each board of
directors (or similar body) of each subsidiary of Earthgrains, and (iii) each
committee (or similar body) of each such board, in each case only to the
extent permitted by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which
the Shares are listed.
In furtherance thereof, Earthgrains will increase the
size of the Board or promptly secure the resignation of directors, or both, as
is necessary to permit the Sara Lee Designees to be elected to the Board.

  
It is expected that the first of the Sara Lee Designees to assume office
would assume office promptly following the purchase by SLC of Shares pursuant
to the Offer, which purchase cannot be earlier than July 31, 2001, and that,
upon assuming office, the Sara Lee Designees will thereafter constitute at
least a majority of the entire Board.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the
appointment of the Sara Lee Designees to the Board, at all times prior to the
date the Merger becomes effective, Sara Lee and Earthgrains will each use
reasonable best efforts to ensure that at least three of the members of the
Board are persons who are currently members of the Board (the "Continuing
Directors").
If, however, there are in office fewer than three Continuing
Directors for any reason, the Board will take all action necessary to cause a
person designated by the remaining Continuing Directors to fill such vacancy.

Such person will be deemed to be a Continuing Director and if there are no
other Continuing Directors, the other directors of Earthgrains then in office
will designate two persons to fill such vacancies who are not officers or
employees or affiliates of Earthgrains, Sara Lee or the SLC or any of their
respective subsidiaries or affiliates.

  
None of the executive officers and directors of Sara Lee or SLC currently is
a director of, or holds any position or office with, Earthgrains.
Earthgrains
has been advised that, to the best knowledge of Sara Lee and SLC, none of Sara
Lee's or SLC's directors or executive officers beneficially own any equity
securities, or rights to acquire any equity securities, of Earthgrains and
none has been involved in any transactions with Earthgrains or any of its
directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to
be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

                   
CURRENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF EARTHGRAINS

General

  The Board has established an Audit and Finance Committee (the "Audit
Committee"), a Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the "Compensation
Committee") and a Nominating Committee (the "Nominating Committee").
The Audit
Committee, which is comprised of Peter F. Benoist, Jaime Iglesias, Jerry E.
Ritter and Timothy P. Smucker, recommends to the Board the selection of
independent accountants, reviews the scope and

                                      B-2

results of the independent audit and internal audit function, and reviews
Earthgrains' financial plans and policies related to borrowings, dividends and
capital structure.
All of the members of the Audit Committee are independent
as defined by the New York Stock Exchange's listing standards.
The
Compensation Committee, which is comprised of J. Joe Adorjan, Maxine K. Clark,
E. Byron Glore, Jr. and William E. Stevens, considers and makes
recommendations to the Board as to the salaries and other compensation to be
paid to Earthgrains' executive officers, other officers and upper management
employees of Earthgrains and its subsidiaries.
The Nominating Committee, which
is comprised of J. Joe Adorjan, Peter F. Benoist and William E. Stevens,
identifies and considers potential candidates for Board membership, and
conducts ongoing review of Board composition and duties, as well as corporate
governance issues.

  
The Board held seven meetings during the fiscal year ended March 27, 2001.

The Board also took certain actions by unanimous written consent in lieu of a
meeting, as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL").
In
2001, the Audit Committee met eight times, the Compensation Committee met six
times, and the Nominating Committee met once.
All directors attended 75% or
more of all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board on which
they served during the fiscal year ended March 27, 2001, except for Mr. Jaime
Iglesias who attended 73% of all meetings of the Board and the applicable
committee meetings.


Director Compensation

  Directors who are employees of Earthgrains receive no compensation for
service as members of either the Board or committees thereof.
Directors who
are not employees of Earthgrains receive an annual fee of $25,000, plus $1,500
fee for each meeting of the Board attended, $750 fee per committee meeting
attended and $3,500 fee for chairing a committee.

  
Each non employee director is required to defer 25% of his or her director's
fees and maintain an account in Earthgrains' Amended and Restated Non-employee
Directors Deferred Fee Plan.
Directors may elect to defer up to 100% of their
fees.
Fees that are not deferred are paid in cash.
Each director's deferred
fees are credited to his or her deferred share unit account; previously, such
fees were credited to a share equivalent account that tracked the value of the
Shares.
Amounts deferred under the plan will be paid-in Shares in the case of
deferred share units, and in cash in the case of share equivalents-on a date
the director specifies or over a period of up to 10 years commencing on a date
specified by the director.
In addition to their deferred fees, non-employee
directors receive equity grants.
Upon initially becoming a director, each non-
employee director nominee receives $15,000 of deferred share units.
Each non-
employee director receives an annual credit of $23,500 of deferred share
units.


Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

  Executive officers and directors of Earthgrains are required under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to file reports of ownership and changes in
ownership of the Shares with the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange.
Copies
of those reports must also be furnished to Earthgrains.

  
Based solely on a review of the copies of those reports, other documents
furnished to Earthgrains and written representations that no other reports
were required, Earthgrains believes that all filing requirements applicable to
executive officers and directors have been complied with during the preceding
fiscal year.


Current Directors and Executive Officers

  J. Joe Adorjan, 62, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1996.
Mr.
Adorjan is currently a partner with Stonington Partners, Inc. and Chairman,
Adven Capital Partners, LLC.
From January 1996 to October 1999, Mr. Adorjan
was Chairman of Borg-Warner Security Corporation ("Borg-Warner"), a Chicago-
based provider of security services.
Mr. Adorjan was Chief Executive Officer
of Borg-Warner from October 1995 to March 1999, President from April 1995 to
March 1999, and was a Director of Borg-Warner from 1993 to 1999.
Mr. Adorjan
was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ESCO Electronics Corporation from
1990 to 1992.
He served as President of Emerson Electric Company from 1993
until April 1995.
Mr. Adorjan is a member of the Board of Directors of Goss
Graphic Systems, Inc., and HK Systems, Inc.
He is Chairman of the Board of
Directors of

                                      B-3

Bates Sales Company.