URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/315293/000091205701008518/0000912057-01-008518.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    During the summer of 1999, the parties engaged in preliminary discussions
with respect to a possible business combination or strategic transaction between
Aon and ASI.
During these discussions, the parties addressed in general terms
the price and structure of a potential transaction.
ASI also provided Aon with
preliminary due diligence materials.
The parties terminated these discussions
before they reached a substantive stage.

    
On June 21, 2000, Edward W. Straub, Executive Vice President of Aon
Consulting, a subsidiary of Aon, contacted Bernard F. Reynolds, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of ASI, and expressed an interest in renewing
discussions regarding a business combination transaction in which Aon would
acquire ASI.
Following this initial contact, the parties engaged in several
discussions regarding the potential benefits of a business combination
transaction.
These discussions were followed by an August 16, 2000 meeting
between Mr. Reynolds and Michael J. Mele, Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of ASI, and Donald Ingram, Chairman of Aon Consulting, and
Daniel F. Hunger, Senior Vice President of Aon Consulting.
At this meeting,
Messrs. Reynolds and Mele made a presentation to the Aon participants regarding
ASI's business and operations and the company's financial performance, including
then current financial projections.
Also at this meeting, the participants
continued to discuss in broad terms the proposed business combination
transaction between the two companies.
On August 21, 2000, the parties executed
a confidentiality agreement which provided that each party would not disclose
and would keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by the
other party.

    
Following the events of August 2000, the parties began to have more
substantive discussions regarding the terms of a potential transaction.

Throughout the Fall, Mr. Reynolds had numerous discussions with Mr. Ingram, and
met with Patrick G. Ryan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aon, with
respect to the structure of the transaction, the price levels and the type of
consideration that ASI stockholders would receive (i.e., all cash, all Aon stock
or a combination of cash and Aon stock).
Aon representatives expressed their
unwillingness to engage in an all cash transaction.
Instead, Aon proposed a
transaction in which ASI's public stockholders would receive all cash for their
shares and the principal stockholders of ASI (Mr. Reynolds, Eli Salig and
Seymour Adler) would receive a combination of cash and Aon stock.

    
On November 21, 2000, Aon forwarded a term sheet to Mr. Reynolds which set
forth the material terms of a proposed transaction in which (a) all ASI
stockholders, other than the principal stockholders, would receive $17.00 in
cash per share of ASI common stock and (b) the principal stockholders would
receive $1.95 in cash and $15.05 in value of Aon preferred stock for each share
of ASI common stock that they held.
The transaction would be structured as a
cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of ASI common stock, other than
those held by the principal stockholders.
The term sheet also provided for
Mr. Reynolds and other key ASI employees to enter into five-year non-compete and
two-year non-solicitation agreements upon the closing of the transaction.

Following the receipt of the November 21, 2000 term sheet, the parties engaged
in numerous discussions regarding the terms

and structure of the proposed transaction, including the terms of the preferred
stock to be received by the principal stockholders.

    
Simultaneously with the distribution of the term sheet, Aon also provided
ASI with a written request for selected information for due diligence purposes.

Beginning on November 29, 2000 and over the next several weeks, representatives
of Aon visited ASI's "data room" and performed due diligence with respect to
ASI's business, including the review of legal and financial documents related to
ASI.
During the course of the due diligence process, representatives from ASI
and Aon, including their respective legal counsel, discussed ASI's operations,
capital structure and other matters raised by Aon's due diligence.
On
November 29, 2000, Messrs. Reynolds and Mele made a presentation concerning
ASI's business to the representatives of Aon visiting the "data room.
"

    On December 14, 2000, the ASI Board of Directors held a meeting to discuss
the proposed transaction and the continuation of discussions with Aon regarding
the transaction.
At this meeting, Mr. Reynolds made a presentation concerning
ASI's current operations, its historic performance and its future prospects in
light of industry and economic conditions.
Following this presentation, the
members of the ASI Board discussed in length the terms of the proposed
transaction, including the proposal that the public stockholders and the
principal stockholders receive different types of consideration in the
transaction.
The Board also discussed the potential conflicts of interest
presented by this proposal.
After these discussions, the ASI Board unanimously
agreed to proceed with negotiations with Aon regarding the proposed transaction
and to hire an investment banking firm to render a fairness opinion letter with
respect to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to
be received by the public stockholders in the transaction.
Following the
meeting, ASI contacted representatives of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. to discuss
their firm's interest in representing the company.

    
Following December 14, 2000, the parties engaged in discussions regarding
the timing and structure of the proposed transaction.
During these discussions,
the parties focused on the advantages and disadvantages of the various types of
transactions (e.g., merger or tender offer) and the ability of the parties to
structure the transaction as a tax-free reorganization for United States federal
income tax purposes.
Following these discussions, the parties decided to further
consider a cash tender offer with respect to the shares of ASI common stock held
by the public stockholders, together with a tax-free rollover of the equity
interest in ASI held by the principal stockholders.

    
On December 21, 2000, the ASI Board of Directors held a meeting to further
consider the transaction and the potential conflicts of interest that had been
discussed at the previous meeting.
In light of the potential conflicts, the ASI
Board appointed a Special Committee, consisting of Michael J. Boylan and David
Tory, to consider the proposed transaction and to make a recommendation to the
full Board as to whether the transaction was in the best interests of the ASI
stockholders.
The members of the Special Committee were members of the ASI Board
who were not officers of ASI or any of its subsidiaries and who did not
otherwise have any potential conflicts with respect to the proposed transaction.

Also at this meeting, the ASI Board authorized the Special Committee to hire its
own advisors.

    
Immediately following the December 21, 2000 meeting of the ASI Board of
Directors, the Special Committee held a meeting to discuss the status of the
proposed transaction.
The Special Committee also retained Goodwin Procter LLP as
legal counsel for the transaction and Bear Stearns to render the fairness
opinion in connection with the transaction.

    
On January 3, 2001, ASI received initial drafts of the merger agreement and
the agreement related to the rollover of the equity interest of the principal
stockholders.
Following receipt of these initial drafts, the parties and their
respective legal counsel negotiated the terms of the agreements.
These
negotiations focused on a variety of subjects, including (a) the scope of ASI's
representations and warranties, (b) the covenants governing ASI's operations
between signing and closing, (c) the conditions to the parties' respective
obligations to close the transaction, (d) the events giving rise to the parties'
respective rights to terminate the merger agreement, including ASI's ability to
terminate the agreement

if presented with the opportunity to consummate a more favorable transaction,
(e) the circumstances in which a termination fee would be paid, and (f) the
circumstances in which the rollover agreement would terminate.
On January 8,
2001, the Special Committee held a meeting at which representatives of Goodwin
Procter reviewed the status of contract negotiations with Aon and
representatives from Bear Stearns discussed the status of their review of the
terms of the proposed transaction.

    
During January 2001, the trading volume of ASI common stock increased
significantly from historical levels.
The highest, single-day trading volume for
ASI common stock for the first half of January 2001 was 299,100 shares, as
compared to a high of 43,600 shares in January 2000.
Also during January 2001,
the price of ASI common stock increased significantly from a closing price of
$15.625 on January 2, 2001 to a closing price of $20.875 on January 16, 2001.

Given the high trading volumes and volatility of the ASI common stock, the
parties reconsidered whether the proposed transaction was in their respective
best interests.
Following extensive discussions concerning the proposed
transaction and these recent events, the parties agreed to terminate
negotiations on January 18, 2001.

    
On January 29, 2001, ASI released earnings for the third quarter of fiscal
year 2001 of $0.18 per diluted share.
Following the earnings report, which was
below analysts' estimates, the price of ASI common stock fell from a closing
price of $16.00 on January 26, 2001 to a closing price of $13.625 on
January 29, 2001.
The range of closing prices of ASI common stock during the
week of January 29, 2001 ranged from $13.625 to $12.8594 per share.

    
On February 2, 2001, Mr. Ingram contacted Mr. Reynolds to inquire whether
ASI was interested in resuming discussions with respect to a potential
transaction.
Legal counsel for the parties subsequently engaged in negotiations
concerning the unresolved issues in the merger agreement, which included the
termination provisions, the closing conditions, the definition of "material
adverse effect," and the reimbursement of Aon's fees in the event ASI were to
terminate the agreement.
The parties agreed that they would continue
negotiations with a view to entering into a definitive agreement during
February 2001.

    
On February 8, 2001, the Special Committee held a meeting at which
representatives of Goodwin Procter provided an update regarding the ongoing
contract negotiations and representatives of Bear Stearns discussed the status
of their analyses for the fairness opinion.
Also at this meeting, the Special
Committee approved the terms of Bear Stearns' engagement.

    
On February 13, 2001, the parties met to negotiate the remaining open issues
in the merger and rollover agreements and to discuss recent developments in
ASI's business and the likely effects that these developments would have on
ASI's financial results in calendar year 2001.
During this meeting, Aon and its
representatives informed ASI that, as a result of the recent increase in the
price of Aon common stock and the information regarding ASI's business presented
at the meeting, they did not want to continue to pursue a cash tender offer for
ASI common stock held by the public stockholders at $17.00 per share.
Rather,
Aon indicated that it would be interested in pursuing a transaction in which all
ASI stockholders would receive Aon common stock in exchange for their shares of
ASI common stock.
The Aon representatives, however, expressed the need to
further analyze the financial and other information presented at the meeting and
agreed to contact Mr. Reynolds on the following day with the material terms of
their proposal.

    
On February 15, 2001, Mr. Ingram contacted Mr. Reynolds to discuss the
revised terms of the proposed transaction.
Following lengthy discussions,
Mr. Ingram proposed a stock-for-stock merger between the two companies in which
ASI stockholders would receive 0.425 of a share of Aon common stock for each
share of ASI common stock that they held.
If the average closing price of Aon's
common stock during a 10-day measurement period prior to the merger were to be
above $42.00, the exchange ratio would be adjusted so that each ASI stockholder
would receive Aon common stock having a value equal to $17.85.
Conversely, if
the average closing price during the measurement period were to be less than
$34.00, the exchange ratio would be adjusted so that each ASI stockholder would
receive Aon common stock having a value equal to $14.45.
If the average closing
price during the

measurement period were to be below $31.00, Aon would have the right to
terminate the merger agreement.
Mr. Reynolds responded that he would need to
discuss the proposal with the other members of the ASI Board of Directors and
the company's advisors.
In light of the fact that all ASI stockholders were now
to receive the same consideration, it was agreed to disband the Special
Committee and to have all members of the ASI Board consider the proposed
transaction.

    
On February 20, 2001, ASI received a revised draft of the merger agreement.

Between February 20, 2001 and February 23, 2001, the parties and their
respective legal counsel negotiated the terms of the definitive documentation.

During this period, the parties' discussions focused on (a) the exchange ratio
collar, (b) the conditions to the parties' respective obligations to close the
transaction, and (c) the events giving rise to the parties' respective rights to
terminate the agreement.
In particular, representatives of ASI negotiated for
ASI, as opposed to Aon, to have the right to terminate the merger agreement if
the average closing price of Aon common stock during the measurement period were
to be below $31.00.
As a result, if the average closing price of Aon common
stock during the measurement period is below $31.00, ASI may terminate the
merger agreement, unless Aon agrees to increase the exchange ratio so that ASI
stockholders will receive $14.45 in value of Aon common stock for each share of
ASI common stock that they hold.
In addition, as a result of these negotiations,
ASI was able to significantly narrow the conditions to Aon's obligations to
effect the merger.

    
On February 23, 2001, the ASI Board of Directors held a meeting to consider
the merger agreement, the merger and the related transactions.
At this meeting,
the ASI Board approved the revised terms of Bear Stearns' engagement.
With
respect to the deliberations regarding the merger, Mr. Reynolds discussed with
the other members of the Board the potential benefits and negative consequences
of the merger and the recent developments following the change in the structure
of the transaction to a stock-for-stock merger.
Representatives of Goodwin
Procter made a presentation to the Board in which they reviewed the fiduciary
duties of the directors in connection with the proposed transaction and
summarized for the Board the status of the contract negotiations and the terms
of the definitive documentation, including the closing conditions, termination
rights and break-up fee.
Representatives of Bear Stearns then made a
presentation to the Board concerning the terms of the merger and certain methods
of valuation and analysis.
Bear Stearns then delivered its oral opinion
(subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated February 23,
2001) to the ASI Board of Directors that, as of that date, based on and subject
to certain assumptions, limitations and other matters described in the opinion,
the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders
of ASI.

    
The ASI Board discussed at length the terms of the proposed merger and a
variety of positive and negative considerations concerning the transaction.
The
factors considered are described in more detail below under the heading "ASI's
Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the ASI Board of Directors."
Based on
these deliberations, the ASI Board of Directors approved the merger agreement,
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on
the terms discussed at the meeting and authorized management to complete and
execute the definitive merger agreement.
Following the meeting, the parties
finalized the negotiations regarding the merger agreement and, thereafter, ASI
and Aon executed the definitive merger agreement and each publicly announced the
transaction.


ASI'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE ASI BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    
As described above under the heading "Background of the Merger," the ASI
Board of Directors approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement at a meeting held on
February 23, 2001.
The ASI Board believes that the merger is advisable and that
the terms of the merger agreement are fair to, and in the best interests of, ASI
and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the ASI Board recommends that stockholders
approve the merger and approve and adopt the merger agreement.
In reaching its
conclusion to approve the merger and the

merger agreement, the ASI Board consulted with senior management and its legal
counsel, and received an opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio, as of
the date of the opinion, to the ASI stockholders from a financial point of view
from Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
The ASI Board considered the company's short-term
and long-term interests and those of its stockholders.
In particular, the ASI
Board considered the following factors, all of which it deemed favorable, in
reaching its decision to approve the merger and the merger agreement:

    - VALUE OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION AS COMPARED TO HISTORICAL AND RECENT
MARKET PRICES OF ASI COMMON STOCK.
The consideration to be received by the ASI
stockholders in the merger, based on the $14.45 value at the bottom-end of the
exchange ratio collar, represents a premium of:

    --  25.7% over the closing price of $11.50 on February 22, 2001, which was
       the last trading day prior to the ASI Board meeting;

    --  37.6% over the closing price of $10.50 on February 20, 2001, which was
       the first trading day in the week during which the merger was publicly
       announced;

    --  63.3% over the 52-week average price of ASI common stock of $8.85; and

    --  305.9% over the 52-week low price of ASI common stock of $3.56.

    - ASI'S BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND PROSPECTS.
The ASI Board believes
that the merger represents a more desirable alternative for the ASI stockholders
than continuing to operate as an independent public company under its current
business plan.
ASI has a cautious outlook given lower than expected earnings in
the third quarter of fiscal year 2001 and a slowing economy.
While revenues in
ASI's compensation services and market share studies segment increased during
the third quarter, revenues from ASI's performance improvement services and
employment process outsourcing segments decreased during this period due to
delays in program rollouts and lower volume from employment outsourcing.
In
addition, acquiring customers has proven challenging for ASI, especially in the
employment process outsourcing segment of its business.
ASI's revenues generally
have been concentrated among a few, large customers.
The ASI Board believes that
being part of a larger, more diversified company will provide ASI with
scalability and the opportunity to expand and diversify its customer base.
ASI
also will be able to draw on Aon's resources during slower economic periods.
As
a result of the merger, the ASI stockholders will have the opportunity to
participate in this larger, more diversified company and the value generated
through the combination of the two companies.

    - INCREASED MARKET CAPITALIZATION AND LIQUIDITY.
The larger market
capitalization and public float of Aon will mean higher trading volumes for Aon
common stock and enhanced liquidity for ASI stockholders who receive shares of
Aon common stock in the merger.
In addition, Aon has a larger, more active group
of analysts following its stock than ASI.

    - ANALYSIS BY BEAR, STEARNS & CO.
INC. AND FAIRNESS OPINION.
The ASI Board
considered as favorable to its determination the opinion, analyses and
presentation of Bear Stearns described below under the heading "Opinion of Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc.," including the opinion of Bear Stearns to the effect that,
as of the date of the opinion, based on and subject to the assumptions,
limitations and other matters set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of ASI.
A copy of the
fairness opinion is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix B.

    - ASI'S TERMINATION RIGHT IN THE EVENT OF A SUPERIOR TRANSACTION AND
TERMINATION FEE.
The merger agreement permits the ASI Board, in the exercise of
its fiduciary duties, to (a) continue to receive unsolicited inquiries and
proposals regarding other potential business combinations, (b) negotiate and
provide information to a third party concerning a proposal that the ASI Board
determines in good faith is reasonably likely to lead to a transaction that will
be more favorable to the ASI stockholders and

(c) upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, enter into an agreement with
respect to a more favorable transaction with a third party, subject to the
payment of a $3,625,000 termination fee to Aon.

    - ASI'S TERMINATION RIGHT IN THE EVENT OF A DECREASE IN THE PRICE OF AON
COMMON STOCK.
The merger agreement provides ASI with the right to terminate the
merger agreement and withdraw from the merger if the average of the closing
prices of Aon common stock for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the
fifth trading day immediately prior to the closing date of the merger is less
than $31.00.
However, the agreement will not be terminated if, after ASI
provides Aon with notice of its intention to exercise this termination right,
Aon agrees to increase the exchange ratio so that the ASI stockholders will
receive in the merger, $14.45 in value of Aon common stock for each share of ASI
common stock that they hold.

    - TAX-FREE NATURE OF THE MERGER.
The ASI Board viewed as favorable to its
determination the fact that the merger, as a stock-for-stock transaction, will
allow the ASI stockholders to exchange their shares of ASI common stock for
shares of Aon common stock on a tax-free basis.

    
The ASI Board also considered the following potentially negative factors in
its deliberations concerning the merger and the merger agreement:

    - FIXED EXCHANGE RATIO AND COLLAR.
The exchange ratio is fixed and not
subject to adjustment if the average closing price of Aon common stock during
the relevant measurement period is between $42.00 and $34.00 or, subject to
ASI's termination right, less than $31.00.
As such, within these ranges, the
consideration to be paid to the ASI stockholders in the merger will decrease as
the average closing price of Aon common stock decreases.
If the relevant average
closing price of Aon common stock is greater than $42.00, the exchange ratio
will be capped so that the ASI stockholders will receive $17.85 in value of Aon
common stock for each share of ASI common stock that they hold.
Although the
collar provides the ASI stockholders with price protection in the event that the
average closing price of Aon common stock is greater than or equal to $31.00,
but less than $34.00, the trade-off is that any increases in the average closing
price of Aon common stock above $42.00 will have no effect on the consideration
to be received by the ASI stockholders.
In connection with its discussion of the
exchange ratio, the ASI Board also considered the volatility of Aon's common
stock over the past year as a result of restructuring and other special charges.

In addition, the ASI Board considered the closing price of Aon common stock on
February 22, 2001, the day prior to the Board meeting.
This closing price of
$33.72 was below the mid-point of the collar.
The ASI Board also considered that
Aon's common stock had traded below $31.00 over 35% of the time during the past
year.

    - ANTICIPATED BENEFITS MAY NOT BE REALIZED.
The ASI Board considered the
risk that the anticipated benefits to the ASI stockholders may not be realized
as a result of Aon's execution of its business plan, economic conditions and
potential difficulties in integrating the two companies and their operations.

    - SIGNIFICANT COSTS INVOLVED.
The ASI Board considered the significant costs
involved in connection with consummating the merger, the substantial management
time and effort required to effectuate the merger and to integrate ASI's
business with Aon's business, and the related disruption to ASI's operations.

    
The ASI Board also considered the potential benefits to ASI's directors and
executive officers discussed in the section entitled "Interests of Certain
Persons in the Merger," including the new employment agreements with Bernard F.
Reynolds, Eli Salig and Seymour Adler which will become effective upon the
merger and the acceleration of vesting of all outstanding options to acquire ASI
common stock.

    
In the opinion of the ASI Board, the above factors represent the material
potential adverse consequences which could occur as a result of the merger.
In
considering the merger, the ASI Board considered the impact of these factors on
the ASI stockholders.

    
In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the ASI Board of
Directors, the ASI Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify
or otherwise attempt to assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered.
The ASI Board viewed its position and recommendation as being based
on the totality of the information presented and considered by it.
After taking
into consideration all the factors set forth above, the ASI Board determined
that the potential benefits of the proposed merger outweighed the potential
detriments associated with the proposed merger.

    
In the event the merger is not completed for any reason, ASI will continue
to pursue its existing business strategy.
In addition, ASI may seek to enter
into other acquisition or business combination transactions.


OPINION OF BEAR, STEARNS & CO.
INC.

    Bear Stearns has delivered a fairness opinion to the ASI Board of Directors
in connection with the merger.
Bear Stearns is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm that has substantial experience in transactions similar
to the merger.
Bear Stearns, as part of its investment banking business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and other transactions.
ASI retained Bear Stearns based on its
qualifications, expertise and reputation in providing advice to companies with
respect to transactions similar to the merger and because it is familiar with
ASI's business.

    
In connection with Bear Stearns's engagement, the ASI Board of Directors
requested that Bear Stearns evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to ASI's stockholders of the exchange ratio.
On February 23, 2001, Bear
Stearns delivered its oral opinion to the ASI Board of Directors that, as of
such date, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of ASI common stock.
Bear Stearns subsequently confirmed its oral
opinion by delivery of its written opinion dated February 23, 2001.

    
The full text of the written opinion of Bear Stearns, dated February 23,
2001, which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Appendix B
and is incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.
You should
read the opinion carefully in its entirety.
The opinion was directed to the ASI
Board of Directors for its information in connection with its consideration of
the merger and relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of
the exchange ratio of Aon common stock to be received by the holders of ASI
common stock.

    
In the course of performing its review and analyses for rendering its
opinion, Bear Stearns has:

    - reviewed draft copies of the merger agreement, stockholder agreement and
      employment agreements;

    - reviewed ASI's annual reports to shareholders and annual reports on
      Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, its
      quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended June 30, 2000,
      September 30, 2000 and December 31, 2000 and its reports on Form 8-K for
      the three years ended February 21, 2001;

    - reviewed ASI's press release dated January 29, 2001 announcing its
      financial results for the period ended December 31, 2000;

    - reviewed certain historical and projected segment operating and financial
      information, including projections for the fiscal years ended March 31,
      2001, 2002 and 2003 and written assumptions for the fiscal years ended
      March 31, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007, provided to Bear Stearns by
      management relating to ASI's business and prospects;

    - met with certain members of ASI's senior management to discuss ASI's
      business, operations, historical and projected financial results and
      future prospects;

    - met with ASI management to discuss in detail the downside variability and
      risks associated with its forecast and constructed risk-adjusted
      projections using written assumptions provided to Bear Stearns by
      management and reviewed such projections with management;

    - met with the ASI Board of Directors and discussed, among other things, the
      Board of Director's views of the financial projections and assumptions of
      ASI furnished to Bear Stearns by management, strategic alternatives
      pursued by management and prospects for ASI;

    - reviewed Aon's annual reports to shareholders and annual reports on
      Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999, its
      quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2000,
      June 30, 2000 and September 30, 2000 and its reports on Form 8-K for the
      three years ended February 21, 2001;

    - discussed with certain members of Aon's senior management, Aon's business,
      operations, historical financial results and future prospects (senior
      management's outlook statement was summary in nature and did not include
      detailed forecasts);

    - reviewed the historical prices and events, trading multiples and trading
      volume of the common shares of ASI and Aon;

    - reviewed publicly available financial data, stock market performance data
      and trading multiples of companies which Bear Stearns deemed generally
      comparable to ASI and Aon;

    - reviewed the terms of recent mergers and acquisitions of companies which
      Bear Stearns deemed generally comparable to ASI and the merger;

    - performed discounted cash flow analyses based on the ASI management base
      case and risk-adjusted projections and assumptions for ASI furnished to
      Bear Stearns;

    - reviewed equity research reports discussing the prospects of ASI and Aon;
      and

    - conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as
      Bear Stearns deemed appropriate.

    
Bear Stearns relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information, including,
without limitation, the base case and risk-adjusted projections and assumptions
provided to Bear Stearns by ASI.
With respect to ASI's projected financial
results, Bear Stearns has assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on
bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
senior management of ASI as to the expected future performance of ASI.
Bear
Stearns has not assumed any responsibility for the independent verification of
any such information or of the projections and assumptions provided to Bear
Stearns, and Bear Stearns has further relied upon the assurances of the senior
management of ASI that they are unaware of any facts that would make the
information and projections and assumptions provided to Bear Stearns incomplete
or misleading.

    
Bear Stearns has relied upon and assumed, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information provided to
Bear Stearns by Aon.
Bear Stearns has not assumed any responsibility for the
independent verification of any such information provided to Bear Stearns, and
Bear Stearns has further relied upon the assurances of the senior management of
Aon that they are unaware of any facts that would make the information provided
to Bear Stearns incomplete or misleading.

    
In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns has not performed or obtained any
independent appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of
ASI and Aon, nor has Bear Stearns been

furnished with any such appraisals.
Bear Stearns has assumed that the merger
will be consummated in a timely manner and in accordance with the terms of the
draft copies of the merger agreement, the stockholder agreement and employment
agreements without any regulatory limitations, restrictions, conditions,
amendments or modifications that collectively would have a material effect on
ASI or Aon.
Bear Stearns has assumed that the employment agreements will include
compensation levels for the principal stockholders that are consistent with
historical compensation levels.
Upon advice of ASI and its legal advisors, Bear
Stearns has assumed that the receipt of Aon common stock by stockholders of ASI
in the merger will qualify as a tax-free transaction to ASI stockholders.

    
The opinion does not constitute a recommendation to the ASI Board of
Directors or any holders of ASI common stock as to how to vote in connection
with the merger.

    
The following is a summary of the financial analyses used by Bear Stearns in
connection with providing its oral opinion to the ASI Board of Directors on
February 23, 2001 and providing its written opinion to the ASI Board of
Directors attached hereto as Appendix B.

    The following summaries of financial analyses include information presented
in tabular format.
You should read these tables together with the text of each
summary.

    
(A) STOCK TRADING HISTORY FOR ASI

    The implied minimum purchase price of $14.45 per share (in the case where
Aon's average stock price is greater than or equal to $31.00, but less than
$34.00), represents a 37.6% premium to ASI's closing price on February 20, 2001.

The premium to the twenty-day, ninety-day and one-year average price prior to
February 20, 2001 is 9.6%, (1.9%) and 63.3%, respectively.

    (B) COMPARABLE COMPANY ANALYSIS FOR ASI

    Using publicly available information, Bear Stearns reviewed and compared
certain financial information, ratios and percentages for ASI with corresponding
financial information, ratios and percentages for the following U.S.-based
companies in the business services industry: (a) Manpower, Inc., (b) Spherion
Corporation, (c) Exult, Inc., (d) Modis Professional Services, Inc.,
(e) Provant, Inc. and (f) Avert, Inc.
Bear Stearns selected the aforementioned
U.S. companies for comparison because they are publicly-traded companies in the
business services industry with operations that for purposes of analysis may be
considered similar, in varying degrees, to the operations of ASI.

    
For each of the selected companies, Bear Stearns reviewed certain publicly
available financial data, valuation statistics, financial ratios, research
reports, published earnings estimates for calendar year 2000 and 2001, and stock
market information and calculated ratios and multiples based on such
information, which data was adjusted, where applicable, for certain
extraordinary and non-recurring items.
Bear Stearns compared enterprise values,
calculated as equity value plus debt, preferred stock and minority interest less
cash and cash equivalents, of the selected companies and ASI as multiples of
their respective calendar year 2000 and 2001 earnings before interest and taxes,
depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, and earnings before interest and
taxes, or EBIT.
Bear Stearns also compared stock prices of the selected
companies and ASI as multiples of actual calendar year 2000 and estimated
calendar year 2001 earnings per share, commonly referred to as the P/E ratio.

    
All multiples were based on the closing stock prices for ASI and each of the
selected companies on February 20, 2001, the most recent publicly available
information, and in certain cases, estimates provided by First Call for earnings
per share and selected Wall Street research for projected revenue, EBITDA and
EBIT.

    
The results of such analysis are summarized below:

                                                                ENTERPRISE VALUE                                   PRICE/
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------   -----------
                                                CY2000A(1)                               CY2001E                 CY2000A(1)
                                   -------------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------
                                                                                                                  EARNINGS
                                     REVENUE       EBITDA        EBIT        REVENUE      EBITDA       EBIT       PER SHARE
                                   -----------   ----------   ----------   -----------   ---------   ---------   -----------

Range of Business
  ServiceComparables(2)..........  0.29x-2.79x   3.6x-10.1x   5.4x-11.7x   0.26x-2.05x   3.6x-7.4x   5.1x-9.3x   6.3x-19.7x
Harmonic Mean of Business Service
  Comparables(2)(3)..............        
0.44x         5.6x         7.7x         0.42x        5.0x        6.7x        11.4x
ASI Solutions--at $14.45 per
  Share(2)(4)....................        1.28x         7.3x         9.1x         1.18x        6.0x        7.3x        16.7x

                                     PRICE/
                                   ----------
                                    CY2001E
                                   ----------
                                    EARNINGS
                                   PER SHARE
                                   ----------

Range of Business
  ServiceComparables(2)..........  
8.4x-14.6x
Harmonic Mean of Business Service
  Comparables(2)(3)..............       
10.9x
ASI Solutions--at $14.45 per
  Share(2)(4)....................       
14.4x

- ------------------------------

(1) Excludes any non-recurring gains or losses.


(2) Financial information for calendar year end.


(3) "Harmonic Mean" represents the reciprocal of the arithmetic mean of the
    reciprocals of a set of data points and excludes ASI.

(4) Financial information from management's Base Case forecast.

    
(C) COMPARABLE ACQUISITION ANALYSIS FOR ASI

    Using publicly available information, Bear Stearns reviewed and analyzed the
purchase prices and transaction multiples implied by the purchase prices,
proposed to be paid, at the time of the announcement, in the following six
selected merger and acquisition transactions:

ACQUIROR                               TARGET
- --------                               ------

Stephens Group, Inc.                   Staffmark's Commercial Division
Vedior N.V.                            ACSYS, Inc.
TMP Worldwide, Inc.                    System One Services, Inc.
Compuware Corporation                  Data Processing Resources Corporation
Spherion Corporation                   Norrel Corporation
ASI Solutions Incorporated             McLagan Partners, Inc.

    Bear Stearns compared enterprise values, calculated as the amount proposed
to be paid, at the time of announcement, in each transaction for the equity of
the target company, plus debt, preferred stock and minority interests, less cash
and cash equivalents, of the selected transactions and the merger as multiples
of latest 12 months, or LTM, revenue, EBITDA and EBIT, and as multiples of
projected year after the transaction ("CY+1"), revenue, EBITDA and EBIT, as well
as equity values, calculated as the amount proposed to be paid, at the time of
announcement, in each transaction for the equity of the target company, of the
selected transactions and the merger as multiples of LTM net income and CY+1 net
income.
All multiples for the selected merger and acquisition transactions were
based on financial information and Wall Street research available at the time of
the announcement of the relevant transaction and data for the latest 12 months
preceding the date of announcement.


Adjustments were made, where applicable, for certain extraordinary and
non-recurring items.
The results of such analysis are summarized below:

                                                                ENTERPRISE VALUE                                   PRICE/
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------   -----------
                                                  LTM(1)                                  
CY+1                     LTM(1)
                                   
-------------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------
                                                                                                                  EARNINGS
                                     REVENUE       EBITDA        EBIT        REVENUE      EBITDA       EBIT       PER SHARE
                                   -----------   ----------   ----------   -----------   ---------   ---------   -----------

Range of Selected Merger and
  Acquisition Transactions.......  
0.31x-1.40x   5.3x-10.8x   7.6x-14.8x   0.30x-1.10x   4.8x-8.3x   5.4x-9.9x   13.1x-19.6x
Harmonic Mean of Selected Merger
  and Acquisition
  Transactions(2)................        
0.61x         7.4x        10.3x         0.54x        6.4x        7.9x         15.7x
ASI Solutions--at $14.45 per
  Share(3)(4)....................        1.28x         7.3x         9.1x         1.18x        6.0x        7.3x         16.7x

                                     PRICE/
                                   -----------
                                      CY+1
                                   -----------
                                    EARNINGS
                                    PER SHARE
                                   -----------

Range of Selected Merger and
  Acquisition Transactions.......  12.7x-20.8x
Harmonic Mean of Selected Merger
  and Acquisition
  Transactions(2)................        15.6x
ASI Solutions--at $14.45 per
  Share(3)(4)....................        14.4x

- ------------------------------

(1) Excludes any non-recurring gains or losses.


(2) "Harmonic Mean" represents the reciprocal of the arithmetic mean of the
    reciprocals of a set of data points and excludes ASI's merger with Merger
    Subsidiary.


(3) Financial information for LTM is calendar year 2000A and for CY+1 is
    calendar year 2001E.

(4) Financial information from management's Base Case forecast.

    
(D) DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS FOR ASI

    Bear Stearns performed a discounted cash flow analysis of ASI to estimate
the present value of the unleveraged, after-tax, free cash flows that ASI could
generate for fiscal years 2002 through 2007.
The analysis was based on two sets
of financial projections, the base case, provided by management, and the
risk-adjusted case, based on assumptions provided by management.
The base case
represents management's expectations of ASI's 2002 and 2003 financial
performance and assumes continued robust growth and other factors, much of which
are beyond management's control.
Bear Stearns met with ASI management to discuss
in detail the downside variability, risks and uncertainty associated with its
base case forecast and constructed risk-adjusted projections using written
assumptions provided by management and reviewed such projections with
management.
For analytical purposes, the projections for both cases have been
extended out to 2007 by Bear Stearns using reasonable assumptions based on
discussions with ASI management.

    
Using a range of discount rates reflecting Bear Stearns' estimate of ASI's
weighted average after-tax cost of capital and a range of terminal value
multiples, Bear Stearns calculated, for each case, the present value of the
projected free cash flows for each of the 2002 through 2007 fiscal years and the
present value of the terminal value of ASI at the end of fiscal year 2007.

                                               
RANGE
                                               -----

Discount Rate Assumption.....................  12.0% -- 15.0%
EBITDA Terminal Year Multiple Assumption.....  5.0x -- 7.0x

                                               IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE PER SHARE RANGE
                                               ------------------------------------
                                               $14.67 -- $19.85

Base Case....................................
Risk-adjusted Case...........................  $12.33 -- $16.64

    (E) PRESENT VALUE OF FUTURE STOCK PRICE ANALYSIS FOR ASI

    Bear Stearns performed an analysis of the present value of ASI's
hypothetical future stock price compared to the consideration to be received in
the merger.
Bear Stearns calculated a range of hypothetical 2001, 2002 and 2003
share prices by multiplying ASI's 2001, 2002 and 2003 EBITDA and earnings per
share estimates under its base case and risk-adjusted case by a range of forward

enterprise-to-EBITDA and price-earnings multiples based on ASI's comparable
companies' forward enterprise-to-EBITDA and price-earnings multiples derived
from Wall Street research estimates (for EBITDA) and First Call's consensus
estimates (for earnings per share).
The hypothetical 2002 and 2003 share prices
were then converted to present value by discounting each at ASI's cost of
equity.

                                                        
RANGE
                                         ------------------------------------

Discount Rate Assumption...............             13.0% -- 16.0%
Forward Enterprise Value / EBITDA                    5.0x -- 7.0x
  Multiples............................
Forward P/E Multiples..................             10.0x -- 14.0x

                                         IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE PER SHARE RANGE
                                         ------------------------------------
                                                   $8.07 -- $18.85

Base Case..............................
Risk-adjusted Case.....................            $7.63 -- $15.56

    (F) HISTORICAL EXCHANGE RATIO ANALYSIS OF ASI AND AON

    Bear Stearns reviewed the historical closing prices of ASI's common stock
and Aon's common stock during the period January 1, 2000 through February 20,
2001 and the implied historical exchange ratios determined by dividing the price
per share of ASI's common stock by the price per share of Aon's common stock
over such period.
Bear Stearns did so in order to analyze whether the exchange
ratio from the merger was consistent with the historical implied exchange ratios
in the periods examined.
The following table shows the implied exchange ratio as
of February 20, 2001, as well as the average implied historical exchange ratios
for various periods leading up to February 20, 2001.
These figures compare to
the negotiated exchange ratio of 0.425, subject to adjustment pursuant to the
terms of the merger agreement.

                                                      
AVERAGE HISTORICAL
TIME PERIOD                                             EXCHANGE RATIO
- -----------                                           ------------------

As of February 20, 2001.............................  0.308
10-day..............................................  0.306
30-day..............................................  0.435
90-day..............................................  0.439
One-year............................................  0.321

    (G) COMPARABLE COMPANY ANALYSIS FOR AON

    Using publicly available information, Bear Stearns reviewed and compared
certain financial information, ratios and percentages for Aon with corresponding
financial information, ratios and percentages for the following U.S.-based
companies in the insurance brokerage industry: (a) Marsh & McLennan
Companies, Inc., (b) Arthur J. Gallagher & Company, (c) Brown & Brown, Inc.,
(d)
Hilb, Rogal & Hamilton Company, (e) E.W. Blanch Holdings, Inc., and
(f) Clark/Bardes Holdings, Inc.
Bear Stearns selected the aforementioned U.S.
companies for comparison because they are publicly-traded companies in the
insurance brokerage industry with operations that for purposes of analysis may
be considered similar, in varying degrees, to the operations of Aon.

    
For each of the selected companies, Bear Stearns reviewed certain publicly
available financial data, valuation statistics, financial ratios, research
reports, published earnings estimates for calendar year 2000 and 2001, and stock
market information and calculated ratios and multiples based on such
information, which data was adjusted, where applicable, for certain
extraordinary and non-recurring items.
Bear Stearns compared enterprise values,
calculated as equity value plus debt, preferred stock and minority interest less
cash and cash equivalents, of the selected companies and Aon as multiples of
their respective calendar year 2000 and 2001 EBITDA and EBIT.
Bear Stearns also
compared stock

prices of the selected companies and Aon as multiples of actual calendar year
2000 and estimated calendar year 2001 P/E ratios.

    
All multiples were based on the closing common stock prices for Aon and each
of the selected companies on February 20, 2001, the most recent publicly
available information, and in certain cases, estimates provided by First Call
for earnings per share and selected Wall Street research for Revenue, EBITDA and
EBIT.

    
The results of such analysis are summarized below:

                                                               ENTERPRISE VALUE                                    PRICE/
                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -----------
                                              CY2000A(1)                                CY2001E                  CY2000A(1)
                                --------------------------------------   -------------------------------------   -----------
                                                                                                                  EARNINGS
                                  REVENUE       EBITDA        EBIT         REVENUE       EBITDA        EBIT       PER SHARE
                                -----------   ----------   -----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   -----------

Range of Insurance Brokerage
  Comparables(2)..............  
0.92x-5.08x   
5.6x-17.6x   10.3x-20.2x   0.85x-3.14x   2.9x-13.6x   4.2x-15.3x   11.2x-32.8x

Harmonic Mean of Insurance
  Brokerage Comparables(2)....        
2.06x         9.8x         14.1x         1.65x         6.4x         8.5x        21.1x

Harmonic Mean of Insurance
  Brokerage
  Comparables(2)(3)...........        
3.37x        13.3x         16.6x         2.72x        11.1x        13.8x        27.0x

ASI Solutions--at $34.07 per
  Share(2)(4).................        1.76x         9.3x         12.1x         1.62x         8.5x        11.0x        17.0x

                                  PRICE/
                                ----------
                                 CY2001E
                                ----------
                                 EARNINGS
                                PER SHARE
                                ----------

Range of Insurance Brokerage
  Comparables(2)..............  
7.7x-26.8x
Harmonic Mean of Insurance
  Brokerage Comparables(2)....       
14.2x
Harmonic Mean of Insurance
  Brokerage
  Comparables(2)(3)...........       
22.6x
ASI Solutions--at $34.07 per
  Share(2)(4).................       15.1x

- ------------------------------

(1) Excludes any non-recurring gains or losses.


(2) "Harmonic Mean" represents the reciprocal of the arithmetic mean of the
    reciprocals of a set of data points and excludes Aon.

(3) Excludes E.W. Blanch and Clark/Bardes due to their small size relative to
    Aon.

(4) CY2001E Revenue, EBITDA and EBIT projections from Wall Street research.
    
CY2001E Earnings per share from First Call estimates.

    
(H) OTHER ANALYSES

    Bear Stearns conducted other analyses as it deemed appropriate, including
reviewing the historical stock performance and the historical and estimated
financial and operating data of ASI and Aon.
In addition, Bear Stearns examined
publicly available information relating to trends in the business services and
insurance brokerage industries.

    
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and involves
various judgments and determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
assumptions and financial analyses and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances involved.
Bear Stearns' opinion is therefore not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving
at its opinion, Bear Stearns made qualitative judgments as to the significance
and relevance of each analysis and factor considered by it and did not attribute
particular weight to any one analysis or factor.
Bear Stearns did not form an
opinion as to whether any individual analysis or factor, positive or negative,
considered in isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion.

Accordingly, Bear Stearns believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or of the summary
described above or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without
considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes
underlying its analyses and opinion.

    
The analyses performed by Bear Stearns, particularly those based on
estimates, are not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those results
suggested by the analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of
businesses or

securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Accordingly, Bear Stearns'
analyses are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.
The analyses were
prepared solely as part of Bear Stearns' analysis of the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the exchange ratio of Aon common stock to be
received in the merger by the holders of ASI common stock.

    
Bear Stearns' opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors
considered by the ASI Board in its evaluation of the merger, and should not be
viewed as determinative of the views of the ASI Board or management with respect
to their decision to recommend the merger.

    
In the ordinary course of business, Bear Stearns may actively trade debt and
equity securities of ASI and/or Aon for Bear Stearns' own account and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in those securities.
In the ordinary course of business, Bear Stearns
may enter into derivative transactions with ASI or Aon as the counterparty.
A
senior executive of Bear Stearns is a member of the ASI Board of Directors.

    
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated February 22, 2001 entered into by ASI
and Bear Stearns, ASI has agreed to pay Bear Stearns (a) a fee of $100,000 upon
execution of the engagement letter, (b) $250,000 upon delivery of the opinion by
Bear Stearns, and (c) $450,000 upon consummation of the merger.

    
ASI has agreed to reimburse Bear Stearns for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Bear Stearns, including reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel, and of other consultants and advisors retained by Bear Stearns in
connection with matters contemplated by Bear Stearns' engagement, including any
such expenses arising from Bear Stearns being requested or required to testify
in any legal or regulatory proceeding.
ASI has agreed to indemnify Bear Stearns
and related persons against liabilities in connection with the engagement of
Bear Stearns, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.


AON'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    The Aon Board of Directors has determined that the merger is in the best
interests of Aon and its stockholders.
The Aon Board of Directors has approved
the merger and the issuance of Aon common stock in the merger.
The merger does
not need to be approved by the holders of Aon common stock under Delaware law.

    
In reaching its determination, among other considerations, the Aon Board of
Directors identified several potential strategic complements that ASI could
bring to the human resources and compensation consulting practices of Aon
Consulting, a subsidiary of Aon.
These complements include:

    - ASI's compensation survey capabilities, which (a) have a strong base of
      recurring revenue in the banking and financial services industries,
      (b) can merge smoothly with Aon Consulting's existing compensation survey
      capabilities and (c) provide Aon Consulting with the opportunity to expand
      upon ASI's compensation survey capabilities with its own compensation
      consulting capabilities to generate additional consulting fees in the
      banking and financial services sector;

    - ASI's employment outsourcing business, which offers proven assessment
      tools and a strong revenue stream that would supplement Aon Consulting's
      existing business in this area, as well as broaden Aon's customer base;

    - ASI's consulting capabilities in call center performance monitoring and
      training, which would represent an addition to Aon Consulting's human
      resources practice and hold promise for organic growth; and

    - ASI's sales force, which could provide needed support in enabling Aon
      Consulting to achieve its growth targets for its human resources
      consulting practice.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    Aon will account for the merger under the "purchase" method of accounting as
that term is used under accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States.
Under this method of accounting, the purchase price paid by Aon will be
allocated based on fair values of ASI's assets and liabilities.
Aon will make
this allocation based upon valuations and other studies that have not been
finalized.
The excess of the purchase price over the amounts so allocated will
be treated as goodwill.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    
The following is a summary of the material United States federal income tax
considerations arising from the merger to a United States holder of ASI common
stock.
A United States holder is a beneficial owner of ASI common stock that is:

    - an individual citizen or resident of the United States;

    - a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United
      States or any of its political subdivisions; or

    - an estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal
      income taxation regardless of its source.

    
This summary deals only with a United States holder that holds ASI common
stock as a capital asset, and does not address tax considerations applicable to
United States holders that may be subject to special tax rules, such as:

    - dealers or traders in securities or currencies;

    - financial institutions;

    - insurance companies;

    - tax-exempt entities;

    - United States holders that acquired ASI common stock upon the exercise of
      an employee stock option or otherwise in connection with the performance
      of services;

    - United States holders that hold the ASI common stock as a part of a
      straddle or conversion transaction or other arrangement involving more
      than one position; or

    - United States holders whose "functional currency" is not the United States
      dollar.

    
The discussion below is based upon the provisions of the United States
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations, rulings and judicial
decisions as of the date of this proxy statement/ prospectus.
Any such authority
may be repealed, revoked or modified, perhaps with retroactive effect, so as to
result in tax considerations different from those discussed below.
This summary
has no binding effect or official status of any kind.

    
Neither of us has requested or intends to request a ruling from the United
States Internal Revenue Service with respect to any of the United States federal
income tax considerations of the merger and, as a result, there can be no
assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not disagree with or challenge
any of the conclusions described below.
We cannot assure you that the
conclusions reached below would be sustained by a court if challenged by the
Internal Revenue Service.

    
Because United States tax considerations may differ from one holder to the
next, this summary does not purport to deal with all of the United States
federal income tax considerations that might be relevant to you in light of your
personal investment circumstances or status.
In addition, this summary does not
address the application of other United States taxes, such as the federal estate
tax or alternative minimum tax, or state or local tax laws.
Accordingly, you are
advised to consult your own

tax advisor in determining the specific tax consequences to you of the merger,
including the application to your particular situation of the tax considerations
discussed below, as well as the application of state, local or other, including
non-United States, tax laws.

    
THE MERGER.  
It is a condition to the closing of the merger that each of Aon
and ASI receive a tax opinion from its counsel that the merger qualifies as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
These opinions will be based upon representation letters provided by Aon
and ASI to be delivered at the time of closing.
Although the merger agreement
allows us to waive this condition to closing, we currently do not anticipate
doing so.

    
Based on the assumptions discussed above and upon facts, factual
representations and assumptions contained in the representation letters to be
provided by Aon and ASI, all of which must continue to be true and accurate in
all material respects as of the effective time, it is the opinion of each of
Kirkland & Ellis, counsel to Aon, and Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel to ASI, that:

    - the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
      section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

    - no gain or loss will be recognized by United States holders of ASI common
      stock on the exchange of their ASI common stock for Aon common stock in
      the merger, except for cash received instead of fractional shares, as
      discussed below;

    - the aggregate adjusted basis of the Aon common stock received in the
      merger by a United States holder (including any fractional share of Aon
      common stock with respect to which the United States holder receives cash)
      will be equal to the aggregate adjusted basis of the United States
      holder's ASI common stock exchanged for that Aon common stock; and

    - the holding period of the Aon common stock received in the merger by a
      United States holder will include the holding period of the United States
      holder's ASI common stock exchanged for that Aon common stock.

    CASH INSTEAD OF FRACTIONAL SHARES.  
The receipt of cash instead of a
fractional share of Aon common stock will be treated as a taxable disposition of
that fractional share interest and the United States holder will recognize
taxable gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes based upon
the difference between the amount of cash received by that United States holder
and the United States holder's adjusted tax basis in the fractional share.
The
gain or loss will constitute capital gain or loss and will constitute long-term
capital gain or loss if the United States holder's holding period in the ASI
common stock surrendered in the merger is greater than 12 months as of the date
of the merger.

    
BACKUP WITHHOLDING TAX.  
Some non-corporate United States holders may be
subject to backup withholding tax at a 31% rate on cash payments received
instead of fractional shares of Aon common stock in the merger unless they:

    - furnish a correct taxpayer identification number and certify that they are
      not subject to backup withholding tax on the substitute Form W-9 or
      successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered to
      United States holders following the date of completion of the merger; or

    - are otherwise exempt from backup withholding tax.

    
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.  
A United States holder receiving Aon common stock
as a result of the merger may be required to retain records related to that
United States holder's ASI common stock exchanged and Aon common stock received,
and to file with its United States federal income tax return a statement setting
forth facts relating to the merger.

    
THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT ADDRESS TAX CONSIDERATIONS THAT MAY VARY WITH, OR ARE
CONTINGENT ON, INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
MOREOVER, THE SUMMARY DOES NOT ADDRESS
ANY NON-INCOME TAX OR ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS
OF THE MERGER.
THE SUMMARY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS OF ANY
TRANSACTION OTHER THAN THE MERGER.
ACCORDINGLY, WE STRONGLY URGE YOU TO CONSULT
WITH A TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR
NON-UNITED STATES INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE MERGER.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

    The Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, or HSR
Act, prohibits us from completing the merger until after we have filed the
required notification and report forms and, if requested, furnished additional
information and materials to the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice and the United States Federal Trade Commission, and the
required waiting period has expired or terminated.
Aon and ASI filed
notification and report forms under the HSR Act with the FTC and the Antitrust
Division on March 15, 2001.
We were granted early termination of the waiting
period under the HSR Act on March 23, 2001.


NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    Holders of ASI common stock are not entitled to dissenters' or appraisal
rights under Delaware law that would give them the right to obtain the payment
of cash in exchange for their ASI common stock as a result of the merger.

                   
INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

    
In considering the recommendation of the ASI Board of Directors with respect
to the merger, you should be aware that some executive officers and directors of
ASI have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to,
your interests.
The ASI Board of Directors was aware of these interests and
considered them, among other matters, in making its recommendation.


EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.  
Each of Bernard F. Reynolds, Eli Salig and Seymour
Adler currently has an employment agreement with ASI which, as a result of
negotiations with Aon, will terminate upon the completion of the merger.
Each
individual has entered into a new employment agreement with ASI which will
become effective at that time.
The material terms of the employment agreements
are as follows:

    - TITLES.  
With respect to their initial titles, Mr. Reynolds will serve as
President, Mr. Salig will be an Executive Vice President and Dr. Adler will be a
Senior Vice President.

    
Mr. Reynolds currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Salig serves as President and Chief Operating Officer, and Dr. Adler is an
Executive Vice President of ASI.

    - TERM.  
Unless otherwise terminated as set forth in the employment
agreements, Mr. Reynolds' term of employment is for a three-year period
beginning upon the completion of the merger, and each of Mr. Salig's and
Dr. Adler's term of employment is for a five-year period beginning on the
completion of the merger.

    
The employees' current employment agreements provide for terms ending on the
date of termination of their employment, whether due to death, disability,
voluntary resignation or termination with or without cause, and subject to the
payment of the termination benefits described below.

    - SALARY, BONUS AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.  
Mr. Reynolds is entitled to receive
a minimum base salary of $500,000 and a guaranteed minimum bonus of $200,000 per
year.
Mr. Salig is entitled to receive a minimum base salary of $400,000 per
year, and Dr. Adler is entitled to receive a minimum base salary of $375,000 per
year.
Mr. Salig and Dr. Adler will receive bonus amounts at the discretion of
ASI management.
During the course of his employment, each employee will enjoy
the customary benefits which are generally afforded to ASI employees and will be
entitled to participate, to the extent eligible, in employee benefit plans
provided to ASI employees generally.

    
The current base salaries of Messrs. Reynolds and Salig and Dr. Adler are
$475,000, $375,000 and $350,000.
Under their current employment agreements, the
employees are entitled to fringe benefits and an annual bonus to be determined
by the ASI Board of Directors.

    - TERMINATION DUE TO DEATH OR DISABILITY.  
The employment agreements will
terminate immediately upon the death, total disability or other event or
condition rendering the employee unable to perform substantially all of his
duties and obligations under his employment agreement.
In the event of the
employee's total disability, an amount equal to his base salary will be paid for
the remainder of the term of his employment agreement, as reduced by the amount
of any disability insurance benefits payable to the employee pursuant to
Aon-sponsored disability insurance coverage.

    
Under the current employment agreements, each employee's estate is entitled
to receive the employee's annual base salary for a period of three years
following the employee's death.
Also under the current employment agreements, if
an employee's employment is terminated due to disability, the employee is
entitled to receive his annual base salary and all other benefits provided to
executive officers (other than bonus and vacation) for a period of three years
after the date of termination.

    - TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE.  
Each employment agreement may be terminated by
ASI or the employee without cause on no less than 30 days advance notice.
If his
employment is terminated without cause by ASI, the employee will continue to
receive his base salary and any guaranteed bonus

as and when it would be paid to employees generally until the end of the term of
his employment agreement.
In this event, ASI also will pay to the employee all
accrued but unpaid benefits as of the date of termination of his employment.
If
the employee terminates his employment agreement without cause, ASI will only be
required to pay to the employee all accrued but unpaid base salary and benefits
as of the date of termination.

    
Under the current employment agreements, each employee is entitled to
receive his annual base salary and all other benefits provided to executive
officers (other than bonus and vacation) for a period of three years after the
date of termination of his employment without cause.

    - TERMINATION FOR CAUSE.  
ASI may terminate the employment agreements for
"cause" and will only be required to pay to the employee all accrued but unpaid
base salary and benefits as of the date of termination.
As used in the
employment agreements, "cause" means the employee's: (a) performing an act of
dishonesty, fraud, theft, embezzlement or misappropriation involving the
employee's employment with ASI; (b) performing an act of race, sex, national
origin, religion, disability or age-based discrimination which an independent
counsel, after investigating the matter, reasonably concludes will result in
liability being imposed on ASI and/or the employee; (c) willful and material
violation of ASI's written policies and procedures; (d) material non-compliance
with the terms of the employment agreement which remains uncured for 30 days
following receipt of notice from ASI; or (e) performing any act resulting in a
criminal conviction of the employee, other than a conviction for a minor traffic
violation.

    
The employees are not entitled to any compensation or benefits after the
date of termination of their employment for "cause" under the current employment
agreements.
As used in the current employment agreements, "cause" means a
conviction of a felony or any crime involving ASI or a determination by the ASI
Board of Directors that the employee has engaged in (a) willful misconduct,
(b) willful or gross neglect, (c) fraud, (d) misappropriation,
(e) embezzlement, (f) material breach of his fiduciary duty, or (g) conduct in
wanton disregard of corporate policy in the performance of his duties under his
employment agreement.

    - TERMINATION FOR GOOD REASON.  
The employment agreements may be terminated
by the employee for "good reason."
If terminated for "good reason," the employee
will continue to receive his base salary and any guaranteed bonus as and when it
would be paid to employees generally until the end of the term of his employment
agreement.
In this event, ASI also will pay to the employee all accrued but
unpaid benefits as of the date of termination.
As used in the employment
agreements, "good reason" means: (a) any significant material adverse change in
the employee's duties or responsibilities under the employment agreement or the
assignment to the employee of duties or responsibilities which are materially
inconsistent with his duties and responsibilities under the employment
agreement; (b) any material reduction of any employee benefit or perquisite
enjoyed by the employee, other than part of an across-the-board reduction of
benefits and perquisites applicable to all executive officers of ASI; (c) the
failure of ASI to pay to the employee on a timely basis any amount that he is
entitled to receive under the employment agreement, which failure is not cured
by ASI within 30 days following receipt of notice from the employee; or (d) the
failure of ASI to perform, or any breach by ASI of, its material obligations
under the employment agreement, which failure or breach is not cured by ASI
within 60 days following receipt of notice from the employee.

    
The current employment agreements do not include termination for "good
reason" provisions.

    - COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE.  
Each employee has agreed that he will not, for
five years from the effective date of his employment agreement, directly or
indirectly, compete with any business of Aon and its subsidiaries and
affiliates, including their business of providing human resources consulting and
outsourcing services.
The employee may, however, purchase or otherwise acquire
up to 1% of any class of securities of any enterprise if the securities are
listed on a national or regional securities exchange or have been registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and may own interests in competing

entities through mutual funds, private equity funds and similar arrangements so
long as he owns less than 1% of these pooled entities.

    
Under the current employment agreements, throughout his employment and for a
period of three years following the date of termination of his employment or his
resignation from ASI, each employee agreed not to engage in any capacity in the
business of human resources consulting and outsourcing services or other
principal business developed by ASI during his employment.
An employee may
invest in publicly-traded securities of an entity that competes with ASI if the
employee does not control that entity and does not own 10% or more of a class of
securities of that entity.

    
- COVENANT NOT TO SOLICIT.  
Each employee also has agreed that, for a period
of two years following the later of the expiration of the term of his employment
agreement or the termination of his employment with Aon and its subsidiaries for
any reason, he will not enter into or attempt to enter into any business
relationship of the same type or kind as any business relationship that exists
between Aon and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their clients or customers,
with any person who was a client or customer of Aon or any of its subsidiaries
or affiliates during the 24 months prior to the end of his employment.

    
The current employment agreements do not include specific covenants not to
solicit ASI clients and customers.

    - COVENANT NOT TO HIRE.  
Also for a period of two years following the later
of the expiration of the term of his employment agreement or the termination of
his employment with Aon and its subsidiaries for any reason, each employee has
agreed not to induce or attempt to induce, or to cause any person or other
entity to induce or attempt to induce, any person who is an employee of Aon or
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to leave the employ of Aon or such
subsidiary or affiliate.

    
Under the current employment agreements, for a period of one year following
the termination of the employee's employment with ASI, each employee agreed
(a) not to solicit or encourage any employee of ASI to leave his or her
employment with ASI or its subsidiaries and (b) not to hire any employee who has
left the employment of ASI or its subsidiaries.

    
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT.  
ASI has entered into a letter agreement with Michael
J. Mele, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, which provides that
if Mr. Mele's employment with ASI is terminated for any reason other than gross
negligence or willful misconduct, he will be entitled to receive severance
payments totaling 18 months of salary payable in regular, semi-monthly
installments.


STOCK OPTIONS

    All of ASI's outstanding stock options will become fully vested and
exercisable for a specified period of time prior to the closing of the merger.

In full settlement of any options which remain outstanding immediately prior to
the completion of the merger, Aon will make a cash payment to each option holder
as of the closing of the merger equal to the difference between the merger
consideration that would be payable with respect to each share of ASI common
stock underlying the option and the applicable option exercise price.
The
following table sets forth all currently unvested options held by

ASI's directors and executive officers which will become fully vested as a
result of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

                                                                  PER SHARE EXERCISE
NAME                                          OPTION SHARES (#)       PRICE ($)
- ----                                          -----------------   ------------------

Seymour Adler, Ph.D.........................       20,000                 5.25
  Executive Vice President and Director
Michael J. Boylan...........................        
3,334                 6.50
  Director                                          6,667                 5.25
                                                   10,000                 4.00
Ilan Kaufthal...............................        1,667                 6.50
  Director                                          3,334                 5.25
                                                    6,667                 4.00
Carl S. Koerner.............................        1,667                 6.50
  Secretary and Director                            3,334                 5.25
                                                    6,667                 4.00
David Tory..................................        1,667                 6.50
  Director                                          3,334                 5.25
                                                    6,667                 4.00
Michael J. Mele.............................        5,000                9.625
  Senior Vice President and                        16,667                 6.50
  Chief Financial Officer                          16,667                 5.25

RELATIONSHIP WITH BEAR, STEARNS & CO.
INC.

    The ASI Board of Directors engaged Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. to render a
fairness opinion to the ASI Board in connection with the proposed transaction.
A
portion of the compensation to be paid to Bear Stearns for its engagement is
conditioned upon the completion of the merger.
Ilan Kaufthal, a director of ASI,
is Vice Chairman of Bear Stearns.
Due to the potential conflict of interest,
Mr. Kaufthal recused himself when the ASI Board of Directors voted on the
approval of the merger, the merger agreement and related matters.
See "The
Proposed Merger--Opinion of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc." for additional
information.


INTEREST OF COUNSEL

    Koerner, Silberberg & Weiner, LLP has been general counsel to ASI since 1989
and provided legal services to ASI in connection with the proposed transaction.

Carl S. Koerner, a partner of Koerner, Silberberg & Weiner, LLP, has been
Secretary and a director of ASI since 1996.
During the fiscal year ended March
31, 2001, ASI paid legal fees to Koerner, Silberberg & Weiner, LLP of
approximately $334,000.
ASI believes that the fees paid to this firm are
comparable to those fees that would have been paid to an unrelated third party.


STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT WITH THE PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS

    THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT IS QUALIFIED BY REFERENCE
TO THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT, WHICH IS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE AND ATTACHED AS APPENDIX C TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
WE URGE
YOU TO READ THE ENTIRE TEXT OF THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT.

    
Aon and Merger Sub have entered into a stockholder agreement with Bernard F.
Reynolds, Eli Salig and Seymour Adler and their affiliated entities.
Under this
agreement, the principal stockholders have agreed to vote:

    - in favor of the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
      contemplated by the merger agreement;

    - against any competing transaction or other proposal that would result in a
      breach of any agreement, covenant, representation or warranty of ASI under
      the merger agreement or which is reasonably likely to result in any of the
      conditions of ASI's obligations under the merger agreement not being
      satisfied;

    - against any change in ASI's directors, current capitalization, certificate
      of incorporation or by-laws or any other material change to ASI's
      corporate structure or business; and

    - in favor of any other matter necessary for consummation of the
      transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    
The principal stockholders have granted Aon an irrevocable proxy to vote
their shares in the manner set forth above.

    
The principal stockholders have also agreed that, except as otherwise
provided in the stockholder agreement, they will not:

    - sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, or enter
      into any agreement, option or other arrangement or understanding with
      respect to the sale, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other
      disposition of their shares of ASI common stock; or

    - grant any proxies, deposit shares in a voting trust or enter into any
      voting arrangement with respect to their shares.

    
As of February 23, 2001, there were 3,757,739 shares of ASI common stock
subject to the stockholder agreement, which represented more than   % of ASI's
outstanding common stock as of the record date for the Special Meeting.
The
stockholder agreement also applies to any shares of ASI common stock acquired by
the principal stockholders after the date of the agreement, through the exercise
of stock options or otherwise.

    
The stockholder agreement will terminate immediately upon the termination of
the merger agreement for any reason.
Under the terms of the stockholder
agreement, if the merger agreement is terminated due to a competing transaction
and a competing transaction is thereafter completed, the principal stockholders
have agreed to pay to Aon a termination fee.
The termination fee will be in an
amount equal to the difference between (a) the aggregate consideration that the
principal stockholders would be entitled to receive in the competing transaction
and (b) the product of $17.85, multiplied by the aggregate number of shares of
ASI common stock owned by the principal stockholders at the closing of the
competing transaction or on February 23, 2001, whichever is greater.


INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' LIABILITY INSURANCE

    
The merger agreement requires Aon and the surviving corporation to
indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each individual
who is or was an officer, director, employee, fiduciary or agent of ASI or any
of its subsidiaries for all actions taken by them in their capacities as such
prior to the completion of the merger.
Aon and the surviving corporation also
have agreed to advance payment for expenses incurred by these indemnified
parties to the fullest extent permitted by law.

    
For six years after the completion of the merger, Aon is required to, or
required to cause the surviving corporation to, include in its certificate of
incorporation and by-laws all rights to indemnification existing in favor of,
and all limitations on the personal liability of, the directors, officers,
employees and agents of ASI and its subsidiaries which are contained in ASI's
current certificate of incorporation and by-laws.
In addition, prior to the
effective time of the merger, ASI will purchase an extended reporting period
endorsement under ASI's existing insurance policies for ASI's directors and
officers, which shall provide ASI's directors and officers with coverage for a
period of six years following the effective time of the merger on terms not
materially less favorable than ASI's existing directors' and officers' liability
insurance policies.
Aon will not be required to pay, in total, an annual premium
for this insurance in excess of $125,000.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    THE FOLLOWING IS A DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

BUT DOES NOT PURPORT TO DESCRIBE ALL THE TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
THE
FOLLOWING SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE COMPLETE
MERGER AGREEMENT WHICH IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX A TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/
PROSPECTUS AND INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE.
WE URGE YOU TO READ
THE MERGER AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.


GENERAL

    Under the merger agreement, Merger Subsidiary, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Aon, will merge with and into ASI, with ASI continuing as the
surviving corporation.
As a result of the merger, ASI will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Aon.

CLOSING MATTERS

    CLOSING.  
The closing of the merger will take place no later than the second
business day following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing
conditions, unless the merger agreement has been terminated or another time or
date is agreed to in writing by the parties.
See "--Conditions" below for a more
complete description of the conditions that must be satisfied prior to closing.

    
EFFECTIVE TIME.  
As soon as practicable after the satisfaction of the
conditions to the merger, ASI will file a certificate of merger with the
Delaware Secretary of State in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law and make all other filings or recordings
required under Delaware law.
The merger will become effective when the
certificate of merger is duly filed.


CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER; TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS AND
  WARRANTS

    The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger:

    - each share of ASI common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
      the effective time of the merger will be converted into the right to
      receive 0.425 of a share of Aon common stock, subject to adjustment as
      follows:

       --  If the average daily closing price per share of Aon common stock
           during the regular session on the New York Stock Exchange for the 10
           consecutive trading days in the period ending five trading days prior
           to the closing date of the merger is greater than $42.00, each share
           of ASI common stock will be converted into a portion of a share of
           Aon common stock having a value equal to $17.85.

       --  
If the average stock price is equal to or greater than $31.00, but
           less than $34.00, each share of ASI common stock will be converted
           into a portion of a share of Aon common stock having a value equal to
           $14.45.

       --  If the average stock price is less than $31.00, ASI has the right to
           notify Aon that it wishes to terminate the merger agreement, in which
           case Aon can (a) elect to prevent that termination by increasing the
           exchange ratio so that each share of ASI common stock will be
           converted into a portion of a share of Aon common stock having a
           value equal to $14.45 or (b) allow the agreement to be terminated, in
           which case the merger will not be completed.
Alternatively, ASI can
           decline to make the termination notification, in which case the
           merger will proceed and each share of ASI common stock will be
           converted into 0.466129 of a share of Aon common stock.

    - each outstanding option to purchase shares of ASI common stock and each
      outstanding and exercisable warrant to purchase shares of ASI common stock
      will be canceled, and Aon will pay

      each holder of options or warrants a cash payment determined by
      multiplying (a) the excess, if any, of the product of the average stock
      price multiplied by the exchange ratio over the applicable per share
      exercise price of the option or warrant, by (b) the number of shares of
      ASI common stock underlying the option or warrant held by the holder, less
      applicable withholding tax.

    
In addition, any shares of ASI common stock held by ASI as treasury stock
will be automatically canceled, and Aon will not exchange those shares for any
shares of Aon common stock or other consideration.

    
On February 23, 2001, ASI terminated its employee stock purchase plan and
each participant was deemed, as of that date, to have exercised his or her
option to purchase the number of whole shares of ASI common stock as his or her
accumulated payroll deduction could purchase at the exercise price then in
effect, and any remaining cash balance in the participant's account was returned
to the participant.

    
For a further discussion of the treatment of other employee benefit plans
under the merger agreement, see "--Other Covenants and Agreements--Employee
Matters.
"

EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES IN THE MERGER

    Before the closing of the merger, Aon will appoint an exchange agent to
handle the exchange of ASI stock certificates for stock certificates of Aon and
the payment of cash for fractional shares.
Soon after the closing of the merger,
the exchange agent will send a letter of transmittal, which is to be used to
exchange ASI stock certificates for stock certificates of Aon, to each former
ASI stockholder of record.
The letter of transmittal will contain instructions
explaining the procedure for surrendering ASI stock certificates.
YOU SHOULD NOT
RETURN CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD.

    
ASI stockholders who surrender their stock certificates, together with a
properly completed letter of transmittal, will receive stock certificates
representing the number of whole shares of Aon common stock into which the
shares of ASI common stock were converted in the merger.

    
After the merger, each certificate that previously represented shares of ASI
stock will only represent the right to receive the shares of Aon common stock
into which those shares of ASI common stock have been converted, plus cash in
lieu of fractional shares of Aon common stock.

    
Aon will not pay to holders of ASI stock certificates any dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the effective time of the merger with
respect to Aon common stock until the ASI stock certificates are surrendered to
the exchange agent.
However, once those certificates are surrendered, Aon will
pay to the holder, without interest, any dividends that have been declared after
the effective date of the merger on the shares of Aon common stock into which
those ASI shares have been converted.

    
After the effective time of the merger, ASI will not register any transfers
of the shares of ASI common stock.


FRACTIONAL SHARES

    No fractional shares of Aon common stock will be issued in the merger.

Instead, the exchange agent will pay each of those ASI stockholders who would
have otherwise been entitled to a fractional share of Aon common stock, an
amount in cash determined by multiplying the fractional share interest by the
average stock price.


LISTING OF AON COMMON STOCK

    Aon has agreed to use its commercial best efforts to cause the shares of Aon
common stock issuable in the merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE,
subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the effective time of the
merger.
Approval for listing on the NYSE of the shares of Aon common stock
issuable to the ASI stockholders in the merger, subject only to official notice
of issuance, is a condition to the obligations of Aon, Merger Subsidiary and ASI
to complete the merger.


ASI COVENANTS

    ASI has undertaken certain covenants in the merger agreement.
The following
summarizes the more significant of these covenants:

    NO SOLICITATION.  
ASI has agreed not to, and to cause each of its
subsidiaries not to, and to not authorize any of its officers, directors,
employees, agents or representatives to, directly or indirectly:

           (1) solicit, initiate, or encourage (including by way of furnishing
       or disclosing non-public information) any inquiries, discussions or the
       making of any proposal with respect to any tender offer, merger,
       consolidation or other business combination involving ASI or any
       acquisition of any kind of a material portion of the assets or capital
       stock of ASI or any of its subsidiaries, each such transaction referred
       to as a "competing transaction";

           (2) negotiate, explore or otherwise communicate in any way with any
       third party with respect to any competing transaction; or

           (3) enter into or consummate any agreement, arrangement or
       understanding requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate
       the merger.

    
However, ASI is permitted, as is contemplated under the federal securities
laws, to take and disclose to its stockholders its position with respect to any
competing transaction.

    
In addition, ASI is permitted to engage in discussions and negotiations
with, and provide information to, any person in response to an unsolicited
competing transaction, if:

        (1) the Special Meeting of the ASI stockholders shall not have occurred;
    and

        (2) the ASI Board of Directors determines in good faith that (a) based
    on the advice of its financial advisor, such competing transaction is
    reasonably likely to lead to a "superior transaction" of the type described
    below and (b) based on the advice of its legal counsel, failing to take such
    action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties.

    
However, ASI must promptly advise Aon and Merger Subsidiary orally and in
writing of any competing transaction or any inquiry with respect to or that
could reasonably be expected to lead to any competing transaction and include
the terms and conditions of such competing transaction and the identity of the
person making any such competing transaction.
Furthermore, ASI must keep Aon
apprised of any material amendment or other modification to the terms of any
competing transaction or inquiry.

    
A "superior transaction" is a competing transaction that:

        (1) the ASI Board of Directors determines in good faith, based on the
    advice of its outside legal counsel and its financial advisor, is more
    favorable to the ASI stockholders than the merger, taking into account all
    legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the
    person making the proposal; and

        (2) is not conditioned on obtaining financing and ASI has received
    objective written evidence that demonstrates that the person making the
    proposal has the ability to fully finance its competing transaction.

    - BOARD OF DIRECTORS COVENANT TO RECOMMEND.
ASI has agreed that it shall
      not:

           (1) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner
       adverse to Aon, the approval, adoption or recommendation of the ASI Board
       of Directors of the merger or the merger agreement;

           (2) approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any
       competing transaction; or

           (3) approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or
       execute or enter into, any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
       merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other
       agreement relating to any competing transaction or propose or agree to
       take any of these actions.

    
ASI, however, may terminate the merger agreement if, prior to the vote of
the ASI stockholders to approve the merger and the merger agreement, the ASI
Board of Directors determines in good faith, based on the advice of its outside
counsel and its financial advisor, that failing to do so would be inconsistent
with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.
If ASI does terminate the merger
agreement for this reason, it must pay a termination fee of $3,625,000 to Aon.

See "--Termination of the Merger Agreement" for a discussion of each party's
ability to terminate the merger agreement.

    - OPERATIONS OF ASI PENDING CLOSING.
ASI has undertaken a covenant that
places restrictions on ASI and its subsidiaries until either the effective time
of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement.
In general, ASI and
its subsidiaries are required to conduct their business in the ordinary course
and in a manner consistent with past practice and to use their commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain or preserve intact their business organization,
their assets, including intellectual property, their relationships with third
parties and the services of their officers, employees and consultants.
ASI has
also agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to, and to cause its
subsidiaries not to, without Aon's consent:

    - amend or otherwise change its certificate of incorporation or by-laws;

    - issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant or encumber (a) any shares of
      capital stock of ASI or its subsidiaries, or any options, warrants,
      convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
      of such capital stock or (b) any material assets of ASI or any of its
      subsidiaries;

    - declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution,
      payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its
      capital stock;

    - reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or otherwise
      acquire, any of its capital stock;

    - acquire, by merger or otherwise, any corporation, partnership, limited
      liability company, or other business organization or division thereof or
      any equity interest therein;

    - incur any material indebtedness or authorize any material capital
      expenditures;

    - acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any real property or other material
      assets, other than sales or leases of fixed assets or sales of inventory;

    - enter into, establish, adopt, amend or renew any material employment,
      consulting, severance or similar agreement or arrangements with any
      director, officer, consultant or employee, or grant any salary or wage
      increase;

    - establish, adopt, amend or increase benefits under any pension,
      retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings, profit sharing,
      deferred compensation, welfare benefit contract, plan or arrangement;

    - enter into any labor or collective bargaining agreement, memorandum of
      understanding, grievance settlement or any other agreement or commitment
      to or relating to any labor union;

    - discharge or satisfy any material lien or pay or satisfy any material
      obligation or liability, or commence any voluntary petition, proceeding or
      action under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law;

    - make or institute any change in its accounting procedures and practices
      unless mandated by generally accepted accounting principles or any
      applicable laws;

    - enter into any agreement or other arrangement with any director, officer,
      employee or stockholder of ASI or any of its subsidiaries;

    - enter into, modify or amend any material contract to which ASI or any of
      its subsidiaries is a party or waive, release or assign any material
      rights or claims under any material contract;

    - with respect to taxes, (a) make, change or revoke any election, (b) file
      any amended tax return, (c) settle any tax claim or assessment relating to
      ASI or any of its subsidiaries, (d) surrender any right to claim a refund,
      (e) consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable
      to any tax claim or assessment or (f) fail to timely file any tax return;

    - take any action or omit to take any action which would result in a
      material violation of any applicable law or regulation or would cause a
      material breach of any agreement, contract or commitment;

    - license, assign or otherwise transfer to any person or entity any rights
      to any intellectual property owned or used by ASI or any of its
      subsidiaries;

    - alter through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or in any
      other fashion the corporate structure or ownership of ASI or any of its
      subsidiaries; or

    - settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
      relating to the merger.

    
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS.  
The merger agreement contains a covenant
that ASI will convene a special meeting of its stockholders to consider and vote
upon the merger and the merger agreement.
According to the terms of the merger
agreement, the date of the special meeting is to be as soon as practicable
following the date that the registration statement of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part is declared effective by the Securities and
Exchange Commission.


OTHER COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

    - EMPLOYEE MATTERS.
Aon has agreed to honor all of ASI's obligations under
the terms of existing employment, retention, termination and severance
agreements and any general severance policy of ASI and its subsidiaries.
Aon
will also allow ASI's employees to continue to participate in ASI's existing
benefit plans on terms substantially similar to those currently in effect.
Aon
may, however, substitute its own benefit plans if such plans are either (a) not
materially less favorable to ASI's employees as those of ASI currently in effect
or (b) those benefit plans currently in effect for comparable Aon employees.

    - INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION.
The merger agreement requires Aon and the
Surviving Corporation to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, each individual who is or was an officer, director, employee,
fiduciary or agent of ASI or any of its subsidiaries for all actions taken by
them in their capacities as such prior to the completion of the merger.
Aon and
the surviving corporation also have agreed to advance payment for expenses
incurred by these indemnified parties to the fullest extent permitted by law.

    
Aon is also obligated, for six years after the merger, to (a) maintain in
effect ASI's current directors' and officers' liability insurance covering acts
or omissions occurring prior to the effective time

of the merger; provided that Aon will not be required to pay, in total, an
annual premium for this insurance in excess of $125,000, and (b) include in its
certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or cause the surviving corporation to
include in its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, all rights to
indemnification existing in favor of, and all limitations on the personal
liability of, the directors, officers, employees and agents of ASI and its
subsidiaries which are contained in ASI's current certificate of incorporation
and by-laws.

    - NYSE LISTING.
Aon is obligated to use its commercial best efforts to cause
the shares of its common stock to be issued in the merger to be approved for
listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, on or before the
completion of the merger.

    - MAINTENANCE OF NASDAQ QUOTATION; SEC REPORTS.
ASI has agreed to use its
commercial best efforts to continue the quotation of its common stock on Nasdaq
during the term of the merger agreement.
Furthermore, ASI will continue to file
with the SEC and the National Association of Securities Dealers, or NASD, all
reports required to be filed by it pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
SEC and NASD.

    - TAX-FREE REORGANIZATION.
Each of ASI, Aon and Merger Subsidiary has agreed
not to knowingly take or fail to take any action which could reasonably be
expected to affect adversely the qualification of the merger as a tax-free
reorganization.

    
- OTHER COVENANTS.
The merger agreement contains covenants relating to the
cooperation between Aon and ASI in the preparation and mailing of this proxy
statement/prospectus and other governmental filings.
The merger agreement also
contains additional agreements relating to, among other things, public
announcements, mutual notice of certain matters and access to information.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    The merger agreement contains numerous representations and warranties made
by ASI to Aon.
The representations and warranties relate to:

    - corporate existence, qualification to conduct business and corporate
      standing and power;

    - ownership of subsidiaries;

    - capital structure;

    - corporate authority to enter into, and carry out the obligations under,
      the merger agreement and enforceability of the merger agreement;

    - absence of a breach of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, law or
      material agreements as a result of the merger;

    - filings with the SEC;

    - financial statements;

    - the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    - approval of the ASI Board of Directors;

    - stockholder vote required for approval;

    - litigation;

    - compliance with laws;

    - absence of certain changes or events;

    - real estate and personal property;

    - environmental matters;

    - intellectual property matters;

    - insurance;

    - payment of fees to finders or brokers in connection with the merger
      agreement;

    - opinion of Bear Stearns;

    - customers and suppliers;

    - tax matters;

    - material contracts;

    - certain business practices and restrictions on business activities;

    - ownership of capital stock;

    - compliance with the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; and

    - labor matters and employment agreements.

    
The merger agreement also contains certain representations and warranties
made by Aon and Merger Subsidiary to ASI, including due organization, corporate
authorization, capitalization, non-contravention, SEC filings, financial
statements, absence of certain changes, litigation, compliance with law, NYSE
requirements, broker fees, tax matters and no prior business activities of
Merger Subsidiary.

    
The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement do not
survive the effective time of the merger.


CONDITIONS

    Our respective obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or, to the extent legally permissible, the waiver of various
conditions which include, in addition to other customary closing conditions:

    - the adoption and approval of the merger agreement by the ASI stockholders;

    - the absence of any law, order or injunction prohibiting completion of the
      merger;

    - the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the
      Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act;

    - the receipt of all other material governmental and regulatory consents,
      approvals and authorizations;

    - the approval for listing by the NYSE of the Aon common stock to be issued
      in the merger, upon official notice of issuance; and

    - the SEC having declared effective Aon's registration statement of which
      this proxy statement/ prospectus forms a part relating to the shares of
      Aon common stock to be issued in the merger.

    
In addition, our respective obligations to effect the merger are subject,
individually, to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of the other company contained in the
      merger agreement being true and correct in all material respects on the
      closing date of the merger as if they were made on that date, unless they
      were by their express provisions made as of another particular

      date, in which case the statement must be true and correct in all material
      respects as of that date;

    - the other party having performed all of its obligations contained in the
      merger agreement required to be performed prior to the effective time of
      the merger, unless the failure to do so would not materially impair or
      significantly delay the completion of the merger; and

    - the receipt of an opinion of each company's counsel to the effect that the
      merger will be treated as a tax- free reorganization under the Internal
      Revenue Code.

    
Furthermore, Aon's obligation to effect the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

    - no event shall have occurred which has or which would reasonably be
      expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets,
      liabilities, properties, results of operations or condition (financial or
      otherwise) of ASI and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding events
      resulting from (a) the merger, the merger agreement or the announcement of
      the merger or the merger agreement and (b) general industry or stock
      market conditions;

    - the stockholder agreement must be in full force and effect;

    - there shall not be any litigation to which ASI is a party or involving the
      merger which would have the effect of requiring or being reasonably likely
      to result in requiring ASI, Aon or Merger Subsidiary to pay damages or
      other litigation costs in excess of $3,500,000; and

    - ASI shall have obtained specified consents.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    RIGHT TO TERMINATE.  
The merger agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the effective time in any of the following ways:

    - by our mutual written consent;

    - by either one of us:

           (a) if the merger has not been completed by September 30, 2001,
       except that a party may not terminate the agreement if the cause of the
       merger not being completed by that date is that party's failure to
       fulfill its obligations under the merger agreement; or

           (b) if a governmental authority or a court order permanently
       prohibits the completion of the merger.

    - by Aon:

           (a) if the ASI Board of Directors either withdraws or modifies in a
       manner adverse to Aon its approval or recommendation of the merger
       agreement or the merger or recommends a competing transaction to the ASI
       stockholders;

           (b) if ASI breaches certain representations, warranties, covenants or
       agreements contained in the merger agreement which ASI cannot or does not
       cure within 10 business days; or

           (c) if ASI effects, or enters into any agreement with respect to, a
       competing transaction or the ASI Board of Directors resolves to do so.

    - by ASI:

           (a) if the average stock price is less than $31.00 per share and,
       within three business days of receipt of notice of ASI's intention to
       terminate the merger agreement, Aon shall not have

       increased the exchange ratio so that each share of ASI common stock will
       be converted into a portion of a share of Aon common stock having a value
       equal to $14.45;

           (b) if Aon breaches certain representations, warranties, covenants or
       agreements contained in the merger agreement which Aon does not cure
       within 10 business days; or

           (c) if at any time prior to the Special Meeting, the ASI Board of
       Directors determines in good faith, based upon the advice of its outside
       legal counsel and its financial advisor, that failing to withdraw or
       modify its recommendation or to recommend a competing transaction would
       be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.

    
TERMINATION FEES PAYABLE BY ASI.  
ASI has agreed to pay Aon a termination
fee of $3,625,000:

    - if Aon terminates the merger agreement because the ASI Board of Directors
      has either (a) withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Aon its
      approval or recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement or
      (b) recommended a competing transaction to ASI stockholders; or

    - if ASI terminates the merger agreement because the ASI Board of Directors
      has determined in good faith, based upon the advice of its outside legal
      counsel and its financial advisor, that failing to withdraw or modify its
      recommendation or to recommend a competing transaction would be
      inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.

    
AON EXPENSES PAYABLE BY ASI.  
ASI has agreed to reimburse Aon for up to
$1,000,000 of Aon's out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred in connection with
the negotiation, preparation and execution of the merger agreement and pursuing
the merger in the event that Aon terminates the merger agreement because ASI
breaches certain representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained
in the merger agreement which ASI cannot or does not cure within 10 business
days.


AMENDMENTS, EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS

    
The merger agreement may be amended by the parties at any time prior to the
effective time of the merger.
After the approval of the merger and approval and
adoption of the merger agreement by the ASI stockholders, no amendment may be
made that requires approval of the ASI stockholders under applicable law without
having received that approval.
All amendments to the merger agreement must be in
a writing signed by each party.

    
At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, any party to the
merger agreement may, to the extent legally allowed:

    - extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
      acts of the other parties to the merger agreement;

    - waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other
      parties contained in the merger agreement; and

    - waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or
      conditions contained in the merger agreement.
All extensions and waivers
      must be in writing and signed by the party against whom the waiver is to
      be effective.

                                
BUSINESS OF ASI

OVERVIEW

    ASI is a leading national provider of human resources outsourcing services
for large organizations seeking to hire, train and develop a higher quality,
more effective workforce.
ASI's services are organized into three core areas:
performance improvement services; employment process outsourcing; and
compensation services and market share studies.
ASI, which has been providing
human resources services for over 20 years, believes that it is well positioned
to be a single-source solution for organizations which outsource all or a
portion of these human resources functions.

    
ASI was founded in 1978 as a New York corporation by Bernard F. Reynolds,
Eli Salig and Seymour Adler and was reorganized in March 1996 as a Delaware
holding company for its two subsidiaries, Assessment Solutions Incorporated and
Proudfoot Reports Incorporated.
On April 16, 1997, ASI completed its initial
public offering of 1,800,000 shares of common stock.
On November 14, 1997, ASI
acquired McLagan Partners Incorporated and its related entities.


SERVICES

    PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT SERVICES.  
ASI provides a comprehensive range of
workforce performance improvement services.
ASI believes that the role of
customer service has assumed a greater level of importance in terms of customer
acquisition and retention as heightened competition has led to the availability
of an increased number of alternative or substitute products and services in
virtually all industries.
As a consequence, companies are becoming increasingly
vigorous in their efforts to ensure that their customer service meets the
highest quality standards.
ASI meets this need by providing solutions that help
clients to assess and select more qualified employees, train and develop
existing employees and to measure performance on a continuing basis to ensure
that service quality remains high.
ASI custom designs programs for clients.
This
generally involves field research and job analysis to determine the critical
components of a position and the key competencies required to execute it
successfully.
Many of ASI's projects include the use of live simulations, either
in person or over the telephone, since ASI has found that the use of
job-specific, behavior-based techniques to determine a candidate's ability to
actually perform the required tasks provides clients with a more qualified
workforce.
Assessment and selection services range from high volume telephone
simulation of job candidates, both internal and external, to comprehensive
executive assessment programs.
Training and development programs also utilize
ASI's expertise in conducting live simulations for job skill evaluation.
ASI
also provides performance measurement, or monitoring, services for clients who
engage in large-scale use of call centers for their customer contact function.

    
EMPLOYMENT PROCESS OUTSOURCING.  
ASI offers complete employment process
outsourcing services to clients who have large-scale hiring needs and who do not
have the in-house capacity to fulfill their needs.
Employment processes provided
by ASI typically include: (a) advertising for and recruiting applicants;
(b) establishing automated telephonic voice response systems to screen
prospective applicants; (c) arranging for the physical facilities and equipment
necessary for the pre-screening process; (d) performing background checks on
applicants; and (e) conducting testing and simulations utilizing ASI's
assessment expertise to select applicants for recommendation to the client.
ASI
can also provide any of these services individually on an as needed basis.
In
particular, ASI provides clients who have their own internal employment
processes with ongoing background check services.
To meet a client's needs, ASI
is frequently asked to secure facilities and equipment, establish an interactive
voice response system to screen prospective applicants, develop proprietary
database and report generation software and staff a facility with test
administrators and coordinators.
ASI has in the past scheduled and tested up to
500 applicants per day, provided client access to the database for ongoing
status reports and provided complete support up to the point of hire.

    
COMPENSATION SERVICES AND MARKET SHARE STUDIES.  
ASI provides a series of
surveys and related services to the financial services and securities
industries.
These include compensation surveys for bank and brokerage and
investment management clients as well as market share surveys for retail
operations and performance monitoring services for institutional operations
within the financial services industry.
ASI's consultants and analysts work
closely with clients throughout the year to ensure the accuracy and consistency
of survey data.
Only participating clients may purchase surveys.
In addition to
domestic surveys, ASI serves both the European and Asian markets through its
foreign offices.
ASI also provides various compensation consulting services to
its client base.

    
For further information, please see note 14 to the notes to ASI's audited
financial statements and note 5 to the notes to ASI's unaudited financial
statements included elsewhere in this proxy statement/ prospectus.


CLIENTS

    ASI's clients are in a wide range of industries, including
telecommunications, financial services, information technology, consumer
products and healthcare, and are principally Fortune 500 companies for which
customer service, sales and call center functions are critical components of
their businesses.
Current customers include American Express Company, Verizon
(formerly Bell Atlantic), BellSouth Corporation, Cablevision, Citibank, N.A.,
Goldman, Sachs & Co., Merrill Lynch Incorporated, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter,
Discover & Co., Hewlett-Packard Company, the Internal Revenue Service and SBC
Corporation.
ASI provides its services primarily through its two operations
centers in Melville, New York, but also through its regional offices and at
client locations.
Compensation services are provided through offices in
Stamford, Connecticut; Chicago, Illinois; London, Tokyo and Hong Kong.
The only
customer accounting for more than 10% of ASI's revenues in fiscal 2000, 1999 and
1998 was Bell Atlantic, representing 28% in 2000 and 1999, and 30% in 1998.


COMPETITION

    ASI believes that the human resources industry is highly fragmented and that
no one participant or small number of participants is dominant in the industry.

The principal competition encountered by ASI across the full range of services
provided by ASI are human resources consulting firms, smaller companies who are
specialized providers of particular services provided by ASI and consulting
firms that are affiliated with large multinational accounting firms.
In
addition, the human resources staffs of many large organizations which are
existing or potential clients of ASI may already provide one or more of the
basic services provided by ASI.
Key competitive factors include depth of
industry knowledge, breadth of skills and services offered, level of experience,
flexibility, responsiveness to customer requests, availability of resources to
perform a wide variety of projects in a timely manner and price.

    
In the area of performance improvement services, ASI encounters competition
from firms such as Aon Consulting, Development Dimensions International,
Personnel Decisions International, The Center for Creative Leadership and
Achieve Global.
In the area of employment process outsourcing, ASI competes with
the human resources outsourcing departments within organizations such as Aon
Consulting, Ernst & Young LLP, Fiserve, Inc., Manpower Temporary Services and
Spherion.
While there are many firms who offer compensation consulting services
such as Towers Perrin and Hewitt Associates, ASI's compensation survey service
for the financial services industry currently has no direct competition.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

    ASI primarily relies on a combination of copyright and trademark laws, trade
secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect its
proprietary rights.
ASI generally

enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees and clients that limit
access to and distribution of its proprietary information.
ASI also believes
that factors such as the technical and creative skills of its personnel, ASI's
corporate knowledge and expertise in behavioral assessment and name recognition
are essential to establishing and maintaining a leadership position in its
industry.
ASI seeks to protect its database, documentation and other written
materials under trade secret and copyright laws.


EMPLOYEES

    As of December 31, 2000, ASI had 679 employees, of whom 497 were full-time
and 182 were part-time.
ASI has no collective bargaining agreements or any
similar union agreements and ASI has never experienced any work stoppages.
ASI
considers its relations with its employees to be good.


PROPERTIES

    ASI's corporate headquarters is located in leased offices occupying
approximately 11,300 square feet at 780 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10017.

The lease for this space will expire in 2010.
ASI also leases office space at
the following locations: San Francisco, California; St. Louis, Missouri;
Washington, D.C.; Boston, Massachusetts; and two offices in Melville, New York.

The terms of these leases expire between 2002 and 2005.
Through its acquisition
of McLagan in November 1997, ASI acquired a lease in Stamford, Connecticut for
11,000 square feet and a lease in Chicago, Illinois for 6,100 square feet.
These
leases expire in 2001.
ASI also acquired leased office space in London, Tokyo
and Hong Kong through its acquisition of McLagan.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    From time to time, ASI is involved in various legal proceedings that are
incidental to the conduct of its business.
ASI is not involved in any pending or
threatened legal proceedings which ASI believes could reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on ASI's financial condition or results of
operations.

                       
ASI SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    The selected financial data set forth below with respect to ASI's
consolidated statements of income for the five fiscal years ended March 31,
1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and consolidated balance sheets as of March 31,
1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000 are derived from ASI's audited financial
statements.
The selected financial data for the nine-month periods ended
December 31, 1999 and 2000 and as of December 31, 2000 have been derived from
ASI's unaudited financial statements.
The data set forth below should be read in
conjunction with "ASI Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" and the financial statements and notes to
those financial statements included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                                                                                
NINE MONTHS ENDED
                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,                      DECEMBER 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------------------   
-------------------
                                          1996       1997       1998       1999       2000       1999       2000
                                        
--------   --------   
--------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                                                                   (UNAUDITED)

                                                          (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
  DATA(A):
Revenue...............................  $10,558    $18,819    $34,866    $59,653    $71,902    $51,391    $63,692
Cost of services......................    
5,207      8,706     17,664     29,755     38,113     27,437     33,363
                                        -------    
-------    -------    
-------    -------    -------    -------
Gross profit..........................    5,351     10,113     17,202     29,898     33,789     23,954     30,329

Operating expenses:
  General and administrative..........    2,225      3,224      7,871     14,263     18,181     13,537     14,807
  Sales and marketing.................    
1,100      1,890      3,273      5,408      6,012      4,383      4,969
  Research and development............      
614      1,272      1,747      1,938      2,178      1,551      1,662
                                        -------    
-------    -------    
-------    -------    -------    
-------
Income from operations................    
1,412      3,727      4,311      8,289      7,418      4,483      8,891
Other expenses:
  Equity in loss of investee..........       --         --         --         --         --         --        195
  Interest expense (income), net......       (2)        (2)       593      1,710      1,388      1,153        641
                                        -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Income before provision for income
  taxes...............................    1,414      3,729      3,718      6,579      6,030      3,330      8,055
Provision for income taxes............      682      1,917      1,599      2,768      2,625      1,428      3,440
                                        -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Net income............................  $   732    $ 1,812    $ 2,119    $ 3,811    $ 3,405    $ 1,902    $ 4,615
                                        =======    =======    =======    =======    =======    =======    =======
Basic earnings per share..............  $  0.16    $  0.39    $  0.33    $  0.59    $  0.52    $  0.29    $  0.68
Diluted earnings per share............  $  0.16    $  0.39    $  0.33    $  0.58    $  0.51    $  0.28    $  0.64

Weighted average common shares
  outstanding (b)
  Basic...............................    4,625      4,625      6,346      6,487      6,595      6,572      6,834
  Dilutive effect of stock options and
    warrants..........................       
42         42        175        128        113        143        331
                                        -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
  Diluted shares......................    4,667      4,667      6,521      6,615      6,708      6,715      7,165
                                        =======    =======    =======    =======    =======    =======    =======

                                                               AS OF MARCH 31,                         AS OF
                                             ----------------------------------------------------   DECEMBER 31,
                                               1996       1997       1998       1999       2000         2000
                                             --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   ------------
                                                                                                    (UNAUDITED)

                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash and cash equivalents..................  $    70    $    60    $   964    $ 7,595    $12,156       $ 7,728
Working capital............................      530        152      3,160      4,196      4,423         4,859
Total assets...............................    4,243      8,595     44,561     50,540     55,750        55,039
Long-term debt, less current portion.......       --        307     17,002     12,892      7,763         4,607
Total stockholders' equity.................    2,396      3,243     15,696     19,686     23,929        30,037

- ------------------------

(a) As of March 1, 1996, the date of ASI's reorganization, the interests of the
    shareholders of such entities other than one controlling shareholder have
    been accounted for as a purchase of minority interest.
See "ASI Management's
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
    Operations--Overview" and note 1 to the notes to ASI's audited financial
    statements included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.


(b) See note 2 to the notes to ASI's audited financial statements included
    elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus for a description of weighted
    average number of common shares outstanding.

             
ASI MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                      CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with ASI's selected
financial data and the related notes and ASI's financial statements and related
notes, both included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy
statement/prospectus also contains, in addition to historical information,
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.
Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that
could cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected in such
statements, including negative developments relating to unforeseen order
cancellations or the effect of a customer delaying an order, negative
developments relating to ASI's significant customers, a reduction in demand for
ASI's services, the impact of intense competition, changes in the industry,
changes in the general economy and the factors discussed under the heading
"Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information" in this proxy
statement/prospectus.
ASI undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.


OVERVIEW

    ASI is a leading national provider of human resources outsourcing services
for large organizations seeking to hire, train and develop a higher quality,
more effective workforce.
ASI's services are organized into three core areas:
performance improvement services; employment process outsourcing; and
compensation services and market share studies.
ASI, which has been providing
human resources services for over 20 years, believes that it is well positioned
to be a single-source solution for organizations which outsource all or a
portion of these human resources functions.

    
ASI was founded in 1978 as a New York corporation by Bernard F. Reynolds,
Eli Salig and Seymour Adler and was reorganized in March 1996 as a Delaware
holding company for its two subsidiaries, Assessment Solutions Incorporated and
Proudfoot Reports Incorporated.
On April 16, 1997, ASI completed its initial
public offering of 1,800,000 shares of common stock.
On November 14, 1997, ASI
acquired McLagan Partners Incorporated and its related entities.

    
In fiscal 1994, ASI introduced and began generating revenue from a broader
array of employment process outsourcing services and performance improvement
services, which have favorably impacted ASI's results of operations since that
time.
In October 1996, ASI introduced its performance measuring services.
In
November 1997, ASI acquired McLagan, a provider of a comprehensive array of
compensation services and market share studies primarily to the financial
services and securities industries.
From fiscal 1996 to fiscal 2000, ASI's
revenue has increased at a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 55%,
from $10.6 million in fiscal 1996 to $71.9 million in fiscal 2000.

    
ASI charges for its services through contractual arrangements which vary
depending on the type of service and the nature of ASI's relationship with the
client and recognizes revenue upon completion of such services.
Within
performance improvement services, ASI generally charges a fixed fee for the
initial design of a program, and then delivers assessment and training services
for a per person fee.
For performance measurement, ASI generally charges a fixed
monthly fee, determined by the duration of calls monitored, aggregate number of
calls, and other relevant variables.
For employment process outsourcing
contracts, ASI charges a per-unit fee, which varies depending upon whether the
client only needs one type of service, such as employee background checks, or an
entire recruitment and hiring process.
For larger engagements a minimum monthly
fee may be charged.
Individual services generally are also provided on a
per-unit fee basis, while more complete services typically include a base fee
component and a per-unit fee.
Compensation services and market share studies are
provided at a fixed price per survey or per service provided.

    
ASI's clients generally use its services on an as-needed basis, requiring
ASI to be able to respond quickly to changes in the volume of services it must
provide at a given time.
ASI has taken a variety of

steps in order to address the operational challenges this situation presents and
increase its ability to control its cost of services.
For example, ASI engages
many professionals, including a number of its psychologists, on a part-time
basis, which enables it to have access to a large number of staff on relatively
short notice without incurring significant fixed labor expenses.
ASI also
cross-trains its employees on multiple aspects of the delivery of its services,
giving ASI as much flexibility as possible when staffing a particular client
engagement.
In addition, ASI often provides its services at client facilities or
other off-site locations, limiting ASI's need to expand its own facilities in
response to rapid increases in clients' demands for services.

    
Cost of services includes payroll and other expenses directly attributable
to the services delivered by ASI, as well as facilities costs, including
telephone expenses, costs for third party data utilized in background reports
(e.g., credit bureau reports) and any necessary travel directly related to
providing such services.

    
General and administrative expense includes payroll and related expenses
attributable to senior management, finance, information systems, human resources
and office administration personnel, facilities costs and general office
expenses pertaining to these functions, as well as outside professional fees.

    
Sales and marketing expense consists of salaries, commissions,
travel-related costs associated with the solicitation of new business, the cost
of designing, producing and distributing advertising and marketing materials,
and facilities and office-related expense pertaining to these activities.

    
Research and development expense includes payroll and related expenses,
facilities costs and necessary travel expenses pertaining to the professional
staff which develop new programs used in the conduct of performance improvement
services and employment process outsourcing.
Such research and development
typically is only conducted in connection with services being performed under
existing client contracts, and is expensed as incurred.

    
ASI's operations are subject to federal and various state, local and foreign
taxes, resulting in an effective tax rate typically of approximately 44%.

    
Because of the significant size and financial resources of ASI's existing
clients, write-offs for bad debts have historically not been material.
As of
March 31, 2000, the following five customers represented 43% of ASI's total
accounts receivable: Bell Atlantic, SBC Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company,
American Express and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.

    
In March 1996, ASI completed the reorganization pursuant to which its two
predecessor companies, Assessment Solutions and Proudfoot, which were separately
owned but commonly controlled, became subsidiaries of ASI and substantially all
of the stockholders of the predecessors became stockholders of ASI.
The
reorganization has been accounted for as a reorganization of entities under
common control to the extent of the ownership of one stockholder who held an
approximately 60% interest in the entities both prior and subsequent to the
reorganization.
The remaining approximately 40% of the ownership interests have
been treated as if acquired and have been accounted for as a purchase, resulting
in an increase in goodwill of approximately $1.1 million.
This goodwill is being
amortized over ten years.

    
On October 6, 2000, ASI closed a $3 million equity financing of
CyberU, Inc., a California based Delaware corporation.
ASI obtained a 25.6%
equity interest (on a fully diluted and converted basis) in CyberU, Inc., a
comprehensive source of online education and training for corporations, small
businesses and individuals.


QUARTERLY COMPARISON

    REVENUE.  
Revenue increased $2.4 million, or 12.1%, to $22.7 million in the
third quarter of fiscal 2001 from $20.3 million in the third quarter of fiscal
2000.
Performance improvement services revenue decreased 6.1% to $4.3 million in
fiscal 2001's third quarter from $4.5 million in the third quarter of

fiscal 2000.
Assessment and selection revenue increased while revenue decreased
in performance measurement and training and development, where delays in program
rollouts impacted reported revenue.

    
Employment process outsourcing revenue decreased by $0.3 million, or 5.8%,
to $5.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 from $5.8 million in the
third quarter of fiscal 2000.
Background investigation revenue increased, while
revenue from employment outsourcing was negatively impacted by lower volume.

    
Compensation services and market share studies revenue increased by
$3.1 million, or 31%, to $13.0 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 from
$9.9 million in fiscal 2000's third quarter.
Revenue increased for both surveys
and consulting in both domestic and international markets.

    COST OF SERVICES.  
Cost of services increased by $1.0 million, or 9.1%, to
$11.7 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 from $10.7 million in the
third quarter of fiscal 2000.
As in prior quarters, higher personnel expenses
accounted for the increase.
As a percentage of revenue, cost of services was
51.6% in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 compared to 53.1% in fiscal 2000's
third quarter.
The lower rate in 2001 results from a higher proportion of
revenue in compensation and market share studies, which has a relatively lower
cost of services percentage.

    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  
General and administrative expense increased by
$0.3 million, or 6.1%, to $6.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 from
$5.8 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2000.
Higher personnel expenses
accounted for the increase.
As a percentage of revenue, general and
administrative expense was 26.9% in fiscal 2001's third quarter compared to
28.4% in the third quarter of fiscal 2000.

    SALES AND MARKETING.  
Sales and marketing expense increased by
$0.1 million, or 6.6%, to $1.7 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 from
$1.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2000.
As a percentage of revenue,
sales and marketing expense was 7.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2001
compared to 7.8% in fiscal 2000's third quarter.

    
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  
Research and development expense was
$0.5 million in both the third quarters of fiscal 2001 and 2000.
As a percentage
of revenue, research and development expense was 2.2% in fiscal 2001's third
quarter and 2.4% in the third quarter of fiscal 2000.

    OTHER EXPENSES.  
Charges related to the investment in CyberU were
$0.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2000.
The investment was made in
October 2001.
Net interest expense decreased to $0.2 million in the third
quarter of fiscal 2001 from $0.4 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2000 due
to lower average debt outstanding and to interest income on cash balances
maintained in the third quarter of fiscal 2001.

    
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES.  
The provision for income taxes as a percentage
of pre-tax income was 42.0% in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 compared to
44.7% in the third quarter of fiscal 2000.
The lower rate resulted from lower
state taxes and a small adjustment recorded in fiscal 2000's third quarter.

    
The percentages listed are based on actual amounts rather than the rounded
amounts shown above.


YEAR TO DATE COMPARISON

    REVENUE.  
Revenue increased $12.3 million, or 23.9%, to $63.7 million in the
first nine months of fiscal 2001 from $51.4 million in the first nine months of
fiscal 2000.
Performance improvement services revenue increased $2.7 million, or
19.7%, to $16.4 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 from
$13.7 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Revenue increased for
assessment and selection, performance improvement services and training and
development.

    
Employment process outsourcing revenue increased by $4.5 million, or 24.5%,
to $22.6 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 from $18.2 million in
the first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Revenue increased for both background
investigation and employment outsourcing.

    
Compensation services and market share studies revenue increased
$5.1 million, or 26.4%, to $24.6 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001
from $19.5 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Revenues increased
for both surveys and consulting.

    COST OF SERVICES.  
Cost of services increased $5.9 million, or 21.6%, to
$33.4 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 from $27.4 million in the
first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Higher personnel and outside service expenses,
associated with higher volume, accounted for the increase.
As a percentage of
revenue, cost of services were 52.4% in the first nine months of fiscal 2001
compared to 53.4% in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.

    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  
General and administrative expense increased
$1.3 million, or 9.4%, to $14.8 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001
from $13.5 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Higher personnel
expenses and professional fees, associated primarily with information technology
initiatives, account for the increase.
As a percentage of revenue, general and
administrative expense was 23.3% in the first nine months of fiscal 2001
compared to 26.3% in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.

    SALES AND MARKETING.  
Sales and marketing expense increased $0.6 million, or
13.4%, to $5.0 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 from
$4.4 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Higher personnel,
advertising and other business development expenses accounted for the increase.

As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing expense was 7.8% in the first
nine months of fiscal 2001 compared to 8.5% in the first nine months of fiscal
2000.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  
Research and development expense increased by
$0.1 million, or 7.2%, to $1.7 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001
from $1.6 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.
Higher professional
fees accounted for the increase.
As a percentage of revenue, research and
development expense was 2.6% in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 compared to
3.0% in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.

    OTHER EXPENSES.  
Charges related to the investment in CyberU, Inc. were
$0.2 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001.
Net interest expense
decreased by $0.5 million, to $0.6 million, in the first nine months of fiscal
2001 from $1.2 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2000 due to lower debt
balances outstanding, as well as higher interest income earned on cash balances
invested.

    PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES.  
As a percentage of pretax income, the provision
for income taxes was 42.7% in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 compared to
42.9% in the first nine months of fiscal 2000.

    
The percentages listed are based on actual amounts rather than the rounded
amounts shown above.


FISCAL 2000 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 1999

    REVENUE.  
Revenue increased $12.2 million, or 20.5%, from $59.7 million in
fiscal 1999 to $71.9 million in fiscal 2000.
Performance improvement services
revenue increased 23.7% to $21.2 million in fiscal 2000 from $17.1 million in
fiscal 1999.
Training and development services accounted for the largest portion
of the increase followed by revenue increases from the expansion of ASI's client
base in performance measurement.

    
Employment process outsourcing revenue increased by 19.2% to $25.9 million
in fiscal 2000 from $21.8 million in fiscal 1999.
Increases in both employment
outsourcing and background investigation contributed to the increase.

    
Compensation services and market share studies revenue increased by 19.3% to
$24.8 million in fiscal 2000 from $20.8 million in fiscal 1999.
Increased survey
and consulting revenue, both domestically and internationally, accounted for the
increase.

    COST OF SERVICES.  
Cost of services increased by $8.3 million, or 28.1%,
from $29.8 million in fiscal 1999 to $38.1 million in fiscal 2000.
Higher
personnel expenses, due to increased incentive obligations as well as higher
headcount to support higher business volume, accounted for most of the increase.

Higher telecommunications and service delivery expenses also related to higher
volume contributed to the increase as well.
As a percentage of revenue, cost of
services was 49.9% in fiscal 1999 compared with 53.0% in fiscal 2000.

    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  
General and administrative expense increased by
$3.9 million, or 27.5%, from $14.3 million in fiscal 1999 to $18.2 million in
fiscal 2000.
Higher personnel and incentive expenses, a portion of which was due
to a contractual obligation related to the acquisition of McLagan Partners in
1997, accounted for most of the increase.
Higher professional fees related to
information system upgrades in the employment process outsourcing unit, also
contributed to the increase.
As a percentage of revenue, general and
administrative expenses were 25.3% in fiscal 2000 compared with 23.9% in fiscal
1999.

    SALES AND MARKETING.  
Sales and marketing expenses increased by
$0.6 million, or 11.2%, from $5.4 million in fiscal 1999 to $6.0 million in
fiscal 2000.
New business development activities, including advertising,
marketing and conferences account for most of the increase.
As a percentage of
revenue, sales and marketing expense was 8.4% in 2000 compared with 9.1% in
fiscal 1999.

    
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  
Research and development expenses increased by
$0.3 million, or 12.4%, from $1.9 million in fiscal 1999 to $2.2 million in
fiscal 2000.
Higher personnel expenses account for the increase.
As a percentage
of revenue, research and development expense was 3.0% in 2000 compared with 3.2%
in fiscal 1999.

    
INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET.  
Net interest expense decreased from
$1.7 million in fiscal 1999 to $1.4 million in fiscal 2000 due to lower
borrowings outstanding as ASI's five year term loan continued to be paid.

    
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES.  
The difference between the effective federal
income tax provision calculated using statutory rates and the actual provision
recorded is principally due to the effect of state and local taxes.
As a
percentage of pre-tax income, the provision for income taxes was 43.5% in fiscal
2000 compared with 42.1% in fiscal 1999.
The increase was the result of
additional state taxes, largely due to a change in business mix by state.

    
The percentages listed are based on actual amounts rather than the rounded
amounts shown above.


FISCAL 1999 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 1998

    REVENUE.  
Revenue increased $24.8 million, or 71.1%, from $34.9 million in
fiscal 1998 to $59.7 million in fiscal 1999.
The acquisition of McLagan
Partners, ASI's compensation services and market share studies unit, in
November 1997, accounted for $14.8 million, or 60% of the increase.
Other
service areas grew by $10.0 million, or 34.4%, in fiscal 1999.

    
Performance improvement services' revenue increased by $2.5 million, or
17.1%, from $14.6 million in fiscal 1998 to $17.1 million in fiscal 1999.

Increases in training and development and performance measurement resulted from
an increase in ASI's client base.

    
Employment process outsourcing revenue increased by $7.4 million, or 51.3%,
from $14.4 million in fiscal 1998 to $21.8 million in fiscal 1999.
Services
provided to a large outsourcing client accounted

for a majority of the increase.
Compensation services and market share study
revenue increased by $14.8 million from $5.9 million in fiscal 1998 to
$20.8 million in fiscal 1999.

    COST OF SERVICES.  
Cost of services increased $12.1 million, or 68.4%, from
$17.7 million in fiscal 1998 to $29.8 million in fiscal 1999.
Expenses
associated with McLagan Partners, acquired in November 1997, accounted for
$6.7 million, or 55.4% of the increase.
Incentive payments, largely due to the
McLagan acquisition agreement, were $3.7 million in 1999 compared to
$0.6 million in 1998.
Cost of services for other business areas increased by
34.3% which is consistent with the increase in revenue.
Increased personnel and
related expenses, and outside services, such as telecommunications and service
delivery, needed to meet the higher business volume, accounted for the majority
of the increase.
As a percentage of revenue, cost of services was 49.9% in
fiscal 1999, compared to 50.7% in fiscal 1998.

    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  
General and administrative expense increased by
$6.4 million, or 81%, from $7.9 million in fiscal 1998 to $14.3 million in
fiscal 1999.
Expenses associated with McLagan Partners, acquired in
November 1997, accounted for $5.9 million, or 91.6% of the increase.
Incentive
payments, largely due to the McLagan acquisition agreement, amounted to
$3.3 million.
General and administrative expense for other service areas
increased by only 9.1% as higher business volume provided better absorption of
fixed expenses.
As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expense
was 23.9% in fiscal 1999 compared to 22.6% in fiscal 1998.

    SALES AND MARKETING.  
Sales and marketing expense increased by
$2.1 million, or 65.2%, from $3.3 million in fiscal 1998 to $5.4 million in
fiscal 1999.
Expenses associated with McLagan Partners, acquired in
November 1997, accounted for $0.6 million, or 28.6% of the increase.
Other
service areas sales and marketing expense increased by $1.5 million, or 49.2%.

Approximately half of this increase was due to increased sales personnel
dedicated to new business developments.
As a percentage of revenue, sales and
marketing expense was 9.1% in fiscal 1999 compared to 9.4% in fiscal 1998.

    
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  
Research and development expense increased by
$0.1 million, or 6.0%, from $1.8 million in fiscal 1998 to $1.9 million in
fiscal 1999.
Increased personnel accounted for the majority of the increase.
As
a percentage of revenue, research and development expense was 3.2% in fiscal
1999 compared to 5.0% in fiscal 1998.
The decrease was largely due to the fact
that the compensation services area had no research and development.

    
INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET.  
Net interest expense increased by
$1.1 million from $0.6 million in fiscal 1998 to $1.7 million in fiscal 1999 due
to interest incurred on the debt to acquire McLagan Partners in November 1997
and interest on short-term bank borrowings, used principally to provide working
capital and to finance fixed asset additions.

    
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES.  
The difference between the effective federal
income tax provision calculated using statutory rates and the actual provision
recorded is principally due to the effect of state and local taxes.
As a
percentage of pre-tax income, the provision for income taxes was 42.1% in fiscal
1999 compared to 43.0% in fiscal 1998.

    
The percentages listed are based on actual amounts rather than the rounded
amounts shown above.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    ASI's liquidity needs arise from capital requirements, capital expenditures
and principal and interest payments on debt.
Historically, ASI's source of
liquidity has been cash flow generated internally from operations, supplemented
by short-term borrowings under bank lines of credit and long-term equipment
financing.

    
Cash flow provided by operating activities during the first nine months of
fiscal 2001 was approximately $2.6 million, due to increases in accounts
receivable and reductions in accounts payable

and accrued expenses.
Cash flow used in investing activities of approximately
$4.3 million in the first nine months of 2001 was primarily for the investment
in CyberU and fixed asset additions.
Cash flow used in financing activities was
$2.4 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2001 and was primarily
attributable to the repayment of outstanding debt.

    
Cash flow provided by operating activities in fiscal 2000 was approximately
$14.5 million, on net income of approximately $3.4 million, due to income
generated from operations and increases in accounts payable and accrued
expenses.
Cash flow used in investing activities of approximately $1.6 million
in fiscal 2000 was primarily for fixed asset additions.
Cash flow used in
financing activities was approximately $8.5 million in fiscal 2000 and was
attributable to the repayment of outstanding debt.

    
In November 1997, ASI entered into a new bank credit agreement which
provides a $15 million term loan and a $5 million revolving credit facility.
The
revolving credit facility was subsequently increased to $10 million in
December 1998.
This agreement expires on November 13, 2002.
At December 31,
2000, borrowings under the term loan were $8.5 million and there were no
borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
ASI also had borrowings at
December 31, 2000 under an equipment lease facility of approximately $317,000.

The credit facility contains various financial and other covenants and
conditions, including, but not limited to, limitations on making capital
expenditures, paying dividends, making acquisitions and incurring additional
indebtedness.

    
Management believes its working capital, line of credit and cash flows from
operations will be sufficient to meet expected future working capital
requirements.


INFLATION

    Inflation has had a minimal effect on the results of ASI.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

    ASI is exposed to market risk, i.e. the risk of loss arising from adverse
changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.

    
INTEREST RATE EXPOSURE.  
ASI has entered into an interest rate swap at a
fixed rate of 9% per annum on borrowings under its credit facility of up to
$5 million.
A one percent change in interest rates on variable rate debt would
increase interest expense by approximately $60,000 based upon the variable rate
debt outstanding at March 31, 2000.

    FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE.  
Portions of ASI's operations are conducted in
Hong Kong, Japan and the United Kingdom.
Exchange rate fluctuations between the
US dollar/Hong Kong dollar, US dollar/ Japanese Yen and the US dollar/pound
sterling result in fluctuations in the amounts relating to the Hong Kong, Japan
and United Kingdom operations reported in ASI's consolidated financial
statements.
ASI has not entered into hedging transactions with respect to its
foreign currency exposure, but may do so in the future.

       
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF ASI MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

    
The following table sets forth as of March 19, 2001 (except as otherwise
indicated) certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of ASI common
stock by:

    - each person known by ASI to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of ASI
      common stock;

    - each named executive officer of ASI;

    - each director of ASI; and

    - all directors and executive officers of ASI as a group (9 persons).


Except as otherwise indicated, ASI believes, based on information furnished by
such persons, that each person listed below has sole voting and investment power
over the shares of ASI common stock shown as beneficially owned, subject to
community property laws, where applicable.

                                                         
NUMBER OF SHARES          PERCENTAGE OF
NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1)                          
BENEFICIALLY OWNED (2)   COMMON STOCK OWNED (2)
- ----------------------------                          ----------------------   ----------------------

Aon Corporation.....................................         3,892,580(3)               53.4%

Bernard F. Reynolds.................................         2,459,953(4)               34.4

Eli Salig...........................................         1,215,924(5)               17.0

Seymour Adler, Ph.D.................................           350,319(6)                4.8

Michael J. Mele.....................................            65,169(7)                  *

David Tory..........................................            39,332(8)                  *

Michael J. Boylan...................................           144,999(9)                2.0

Ilan Kaufthal.......................................            33,332(10)                 *

Carl S. Koerner.....................................            24,432(11)                 *

F. Samuel Smith.....................................            
92,851                   1.3

All directors and executive officers as a group (9
  persons)..........................................         4,426,311(12)              60.0

- ------------------------

*   Less than 1%

(1) The address of each holder, other than Aon Corporation, is c/o ASI Solutions
    Incorporated, 780 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10017.
The address of Aon
    Corporation is 123 North Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.


(2) In computing the number of shares of ASI common stock beneficially owned by
    a person, shares of ASI common stock subject to options held by that person
    which are exercisable within 60 days of March 19, 2001 are deemed
    outstanding.
For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
    of ASI common stock beneficially owned by such person, such shares of stock
    subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 19, 2001 are deemed
    to be outstanding for such person but are not deemed to be outstanding for
    purposes of computing the ownership percentage of any other person.
As of
    March 19, 2001, there were 7,157,962 shares of ASI common stock outstanding.


(3) Aon, Merger Sub and Bernard F. Reynolds, Eli Salig and Seymour Adler and
    their affiliated entities entered into a stockholder agreement dated as of
    February 23, 2001.
Pursuant to the terms of the stockholder agreement,
    Messrs. Reynolds and Salig and Dr. Adler and their affiliated entities have
    agreed to vote, and have granted Aon an irrevocable proxy and power of
    attorney to vote, their shares of common stock owned as of February 23, 2001
    and any shares of common stock acquired after February 23, 2001 and prior to
    the consummation of the merger, in favor of the merger, the merger agreement
    and all other transactions contemplated by the merger

    agreement.
Upon execution of the stockholder agreement, Aon may be deemed to
    have acquired "beneficial ownership" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of the shares set forth above by
    virtue of shared voting power.
Includes 134,841 shares subject to stock
    options exercisable within 60 days.


(4)
As a result of the execution of the stockholder agreement (described in
    footnote 3), Aon has shared voting power with Mr. Reynolds with respect to
    2,000,000 of these shares.
Includes 40,200 shares owned by Bernard F.
    Reynolds--IRRA FBO Bernard F. Reynolds, 100,000 shares owned by
    Mr. Reynolds' wife, 10,000 shares owned by the Bernard F. Reynolds
    Charitable Trust, 154,876 shares owned by Carl Seldin Koerner, Trustee of
    the Anne B. Reynolds Irrevocable Family Trust, and 154,877 shares owned by
    Carl Seldin Koerner, Trustee of the Bernard F. Reynolds Irrevocable Family
    Trust, as to all of which 459,953 shares Mr. Reynolds disclaims beneficial
    ownership.


(5) As a result of the execution of the stockholder agreement (described in
    footnote 3), Aon has shared voting power with Mr. Salig with respect to
    1,133,208 of these shares.
Includes 39,100 shares owned by the Eli Salig
    IRA, 30,000 shares owned by The Eli Salig Charitable Trust, and 13,616
    shares owned by Mr. Salig's children, as to all of which 82,716 shares
    Mr. Salig disclaims beneficial ownership.


(6) As a result of the execution of the stockholder agreement (described in
    footnote 3), Aon has shared voting power with Dr. Adler with respect to
    320,319 of these shares.
Includes 134,841 shares subject to stock options
    exercisable within 60 days and 10,000 shares owned by The Seymour Adler
    Charitable Trust and 20,000 owned by Dr. Adler's children, as to all of
    which 30,000 shares Dr. Adler disclaims beneficial ownership.


(7) Includes 25,116 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days.


(8) Includes 13,332 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days.


(9) Includes 24,999 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days.


(10) Includes 13,332 shares subject to stock options exercisable within
    60 days.


(11) Includes 13,332 shares subject to stock options exercisable within
    60 days.


(12) Includes 3,757,739 outstanding shares subject to the stockholder agreement
    (described in footnote 3) and 224,952 shares subject to stock options
    exercisable within 60 days (134,841 of which are subject to the stockholder
    agreement).

                       
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS RIGHTS

    After consummation of the merger, holders of ASI common stock who receive
Aon common stock under the terms of the merger agreement will become
stockholders of Aon.
The rights of stockholders of ASI are presently governed by
Delaware law, the ASI charter and the ASI by-laws.
The rights of stockholders of
Aon are presently governed by Delaware law, the Aon charter and the Aon by-laws.

The following discussion compares the rights of holders of ASI common stock and
holders of Aon common stock and various provisions of the charters and by-laws
of ASI and Aon.
This summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to ASI's charter and by-laws, Aon's charter and by-laws and the
relevant provisions of Delaware law.


AUTHORIZED CAPITAL

    ASI.  
ASI is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of capital stock,
consisting of 18,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, and
2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share.
As of March 19,
2001, there were 7,157,962 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of
preferred stock outstanding.
The ASI Board of Directors, without further action
by the ASI stockholders, may provide for the issuance of shares of preferred
stock in one or more series and fix the designation, powers, preferences and
rights of the shares of each series of preferred stock, including dividend
rights, conversion rights, liquidation preferences and voting rights.

    AON.  
The total number of authorized shares of capital stock of Aon is
750,000,000 shares of Aon common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and
25,000,000 shares of Aon preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share.
As of March
19, 2001, there were 261,664,000 shares of common stock outstanding and
1,000,000 shares of Series C cumulative preferred stock outstanding.
Aon's Board
of Directors may, without further action by Aon stockholders, direct the
issuance of shares of preferred stock in series and determine the rights,
preferences and limitations of each series.
For a more detailed description of
Aon's common stock and Series C cumulative preferred stock, see "Description of
Aon Capital Stock."

    
Accordingly, both ASI and Aon may issue preferred stock without any further
action by stockholders.


VOTING RIGHTS

    ASI.  
The holders of ASI common stock are entitled to one vote per share on
all matters to be voted on by the stockholders.
ASI's charter provides that
cumulative voting is not allowed in the election of directors or for any other
purpose.
Therefore, the holders of a majority of the shares voted in the
election of directors can elect all of the directors then standing for election,
subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, if and when issued.
The
holders of ASI common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights.

    AON.  
The holders of Aon common stock and the holders of Aon Series C
cumulative preferred stock are each entitled to one vote per share on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Neither Aon's charter nor by-laws
provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors.
Therefore, the
holders of a majority of all shares voted in the election of directors can elect
all of the directors then standing for election.
Aon's charter expressly
precludes the granting of preemptive rights to holders of any class of Aon
stock.

    
Thus, stockholders of Aon and ASI generally have the same voting rights with
respect to the election of directors.


VOTE REQUIRED TO APPROVE BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

    ASI.  
The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of ASI
common stock outstanding and entitled to vote is required in order to approve a
merger or other business combination.

    
AON.  
Aon's certificate of incorporation provides that holders of two-thirds
( 2/3) of the outstanding securities of Aon voting as a single class must
approve the merger or consolidation of Aon into another corporation.

    
Thus, the approval of a merger or consolidation by Aon stockholders requires
a super-majority vote, while the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of ASI common stock may approve a similar transaction involving ASI.

DIVIDENDS; LIQUIDATION

    ASI.  
Holders of ASI common stock are entitled to receive proportionately
any dividends as may be declared by the ASI Board of Directors, subject to any
preferential rights of outstanding preferred stock.
Upon the liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of ASI, the holders of ASI common stock will be
entitled to receive proportionately ASI's net assets available after payment of
all debts and other liabilities and subject to any prior rights of any
outstanding preferred stock.

    AON.  
Holders of Aon common stock are entitled to receive proportionately
any dividends as may be declared by its Board of Directors.
However, no dividend
may be declared or paid on Aon's common stock unless all dividends accumulated
on all outstanding shares of Aon Series C cumulative preferred stock have been
paid in full.
Holders of Aon Series C cumulative preferred stock are entitled to
receive cumulative cash dividends of $2.55 per share per annum, payable
quarterly.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Aon, the holders
of common stock are entitled to receive on a pro rata basis the assets of Aon
which are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and
other liabilities and subject to the rights of the holders of Aon's Series C
cumulative preferred stock.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
Aon, the holders of Aon's Series C cumulative preferred stock are entitled to
$50.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, before any distribution is
made on the common stock.

    
Accordingly, Aon and ASI stockholders generally have the same dividend and
liquidation rights, although Aon currently has preferred stock outstanding with
rights superior to the Aon common stock and ASI does not.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    ASI.  
ASI's by-laws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of
three directors, but the number of directors may be reduced or increased by
action of a majority of the entire Board.
The Board may not decrease the number
of directors if such decrease would shorten the term of an incumbent director.

Any director of ASI may be removed from office only by cause and only by the
vote of holders of two-thirds ( 2/3) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
at an election of directors.
Only the Board of Directors can fill vacant
directorships.
The ASI Board of Directors is not divided into classes.

    AON.  
Pursuant to Aon's charter, the number of directors of Aon shall not be
less than seven nor more than twenty-one.
Aon's Board currently consists of
eighteen directors.
Any vacancies occurring on the Aon Board of Directors for
any reason, and any newly created directorships, may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of directors in office.
The Board may not
decrease the number of directors if such decrease would shorten the term of an
incumbent director.
The Aon Board of Directors is not divided into classes.

    
Thus, it is less difficult for the stockholders of Aon to remove a member of
its Board of Directors than it is for the stockholders of ASI to remove one of
its directors.


LIMITATION OF DIRECTORS' LIABILITY

    ASI.  
ASI's charter provides that the personal liability of the directors is
eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law.
Personal liability of the directors is eliminated for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty, including breaches involving negligence and gross
negligence in business combinations, unless the director has (a) breached his
duty of loyalty, (b) failed to act in good faith, (c) engaged in intentional
misconduct or knowing violation of law, (d) paid a dividend or approved a stock
repurchase in violation of the Delaware General Corporation Law or (e) obtained
an improper personal benefit.

    
AON.  
Aon's charter eliminates the personal liability of its directors to
the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Aon's
charter provides that its directors shall not be personally liable to Aon or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
except for liability for (a) any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Aon
or its stockholders, (b) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c) payment of a dividend
or approval of a stock repurchase in violation of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, or (d) any transaction from which the director derived any
improper personal benefit.

    
Thus, both ASI and Aon have eliminated the personal liability of their
directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law.


INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND OTHERS

    ASI.  
Under its by-laws, ASI is required to indemnify, to the fullest extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, any and all persons whom it
has the power to indemnify under the Delaware General Corporation Law or other
such provisions of law.
ASI is required to indemnify any person who was or is a
party (or threatened to be made a party) to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (other than an action by or in the right of ASI), by reason of the
fact that such person was or is a director, officer, employee or agent of ASI,
or is or was serving at the request of ASI as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another entity, against reasonable expenses (including attorneys'
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, if such
person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of ASI, and with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was
unlawful.
ASI is also required to indemnify any person who was or is a party (or
threatened to be made a party) to any threatened, pending or completed action or
suit by or in the right of ASI to procure a judgment in its favor, by reason of
the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
ASI, or is or was serving at the request of ASI as a director, officer or agent
of another entity, against reasonable expenses (including attorneys' fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or
settlement of such action or suit, if such person acted in good faith and in a
manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
ASI, except as otherwise provided by law.

    
Indemnification also may be granted, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
and expenses may be advanced to an officer, director, employee or agent by a
resolution of stockholders, a resolution of the Board of Directors, or an
agreement providing for such indemnification and advancement of expenses.
No
indemnification, however, may be made to or on behalf of any person if a
judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the person establishes that such
person's acts were committed in bad faith or were the result of active and
deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action so

adjudicated, or that such person personally gained in fact a financial profit or
other advantage to which such person was not legally entitled.

    AON.  
Aon's charter provides that Aon shall indemnify and hold harmless to
the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law each
person who is involved in any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact
that they are or were an officer or director of Aon or serving at the request of
Aon as an officer, director or employee of any other entity, against all
expenses and liabilities suffered by such person in connection with such action
or proceeding, provided that the person was acting in good faith and in a manner
that the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of Aon.
Furthermore, Aon shall only indemnify a person in connection
with a proceeding initiated by such person if the proceeding was authorized by
Aon's Board of Directors.

    
Aon's officers and directors are entitled to be paid by Aon the expenses
incurred in connection with a proceeding in advance of its final disposition,
provided that the officer or director undertakes to repay such expenses if it is
ultimately determined that the officer or director was not entitled to
indemnification from Aon.

    
While both ASI and Aon are required to indemnify their directors and
officers, Aon is also required to advance payment of expenses to directors and
officers in connection with a proceeding, while the advancement of expenses by
ASI is at the discretion of the ASI Board or the ASI stockholders.


SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

    ASI.  
Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by
the Board of Directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the
corporation's charter or by-laws.
ASI's charter and by-laws provide that a
special meeting of stockholders requires approval of the Chairman of the Board
or at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors.

    AON.  
Aon's charter provides that special meetings of Aon's stockholders can
only be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive
Officer or the Secretary upon the request in writing of Aon's Board of Directors
or stockholders owning a majority of the capital stock of Aon issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote.

    
Thus, stockholders of Aon, unlike ASI stockholders, have some ability to
call a special meeting of stockholders.


STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

    ASI.  
Under Delaware law, unless the charter provides otherwise, any action
to be taken by stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if the stockholders having the number of votes that would be
necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all stockholders were
present and voted consent to the action in writing.
ASI's charter and by-laws
provide that stockholders may not take any action by written consent, but any
action to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders must be
taken at a meeting.

    AON.  
Aon's charter does not allow for stockholder action by written consent
and provides that all stockholder action must be taken at an annual or special
meeting of stockholders.

    
Accordingly, both ASI and Aon stockholders must take all actions at annual
and special meetings of stockholders.


ADVANCE NOTICE BY-LAW PROVISIONS

    ASI.  
To make a proposal, a stockholder must give written notice to ASI not
less than 60 nor more than 90 days prior to the meeting of stockholders.
If less
than 70 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is
given or made to stockholders, notice by an ASI stockholder will be timely if
received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the
date on which notice or public disclosure of the meeting is given or made.
ASI's
by-laws also require that supporting documentation be submitted with a
stockholder proposal.

    AON.  
Aon has no advance notice provision in its charter or bylaws with
respect to a stockholder's proposal.

    
Thus, it is less difficult for a stockholder of Aon to propose a matter to
be acted upon at an Aon stockholder's meeting than it is for a stockholder of
ASI to propose a matter to be acted upon at a meeting of ASI stockholders.

AMENDMENTS TO GOVERNING DOCUMENTS

    ASI.  
In conformity with the Delaware General Corporation Law, amendment of
ASI's charter generally requires the approval of the Board of Directors and
approval of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote, but amendment of the provisions dealing
with the corporation's indemnification obligations and the personal liability of
the directors must be approved by the Board and thereafter by the holders of
two-thirds ( 2/3) of the total votes eligible to be cast by holders of voting
stock.
ASI's charter also provides that the Board is authorized to amend any or
all of the by-laws.
ASI's by-laws provide that by-laws may be amended by the
Board, subject to the right of stockholders to alter or repeal any by-laws made
by the Board.

    AON.  
Pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, Aon's charter may
generally be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding stock, provided that the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least two-thirds ( 2/3) of the combined voting power of the then
outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote, voting together as a single class,
is required to amend the provisions relating to amendments, business
combinations, acquisition proposals and liquidation.
Aon's by-laws may be
amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power
of the outstanding stock of Aon.
All of the provisions of Aon's by-laws may also
be amended by Aon's Board of Directors.

    
Thus, the stockholders of ASI and Aon generally have the same ability to
amend their company's charter and by-laws.

                        
DESCRIPTION OF AON CAPITAL STOCK

GENERAL MATTERS

    Aon's total amount of authorized capital stock consists of 750,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share.
As of March 19, 2001, Aon had
261,664,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series C cumulative
preferred stock issued and outstanding.
The following summary of certain
provisions of Aon's capital stock describes all material provisions of, but does
not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by,
Aon's charter and its by-laws, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits
to the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a
part and by the provisions of applicable law.
See "Where You Can Find More
Information.
"

    Aon's certificate of incorporation provides that holders of two-thirds
( 2/3) of the outstanding securities of Aon voting as a single class must
approve the merger or consolidation of Aon into another corporation.
In
addition, Aon's Board may consider numerous factors, including non-monetary
factors, in determining if a proposed acquisition of Aon is in the best
interests of Aon's stockholders.
These provisions may have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a future takeover or change in control of Aon.


COMMON STOCK

    All of Aon's issued and outstanding shares of common stock are, and the
shares of Aon common stock to be issued by Aon to the ASI stockholders in
connection with the merger will be, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.
Subject to the prior rights of the holders of any preferred
stock, the holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive
such dividends as may be lawfully declared at such time and in such amounts as
the Aon Board of Directors may from time to time determine.
The shares of common
stock are not convertible and the holders of Aon common stock have no preemptive
or subscription rights to purchase any securities of Aon.
Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of Aon, the holders of common stock are entitled to
receive on a pro rata basis the assets of Aon which are legally available for
distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to
the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding.
Each
outstanding share of Aon common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders.
There is no cumulative voting.
Additional
shares of authorized Aon common stock may be issued, as determined by the Aon
Board from time to time, without stockholder approval, except as may be required
by applicable stock exchange requirements.

    
Aon's common stock is included for trading on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "AOC."

PREFERRED STOCK

    Aon's Board of Directors may, without further action by Aon stockholders,
from time to time, direct the issuance of shares of preferred stock in series
and may, at the time of issuance, determine the rights, preferences and
limitations of each series.
Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of
outstanding shares of preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available
for the payment of dividends on shares of common stock.
Holders of shares of
preferred stock may be entitled to receive a preference payment in the event of
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Aon before any payment is made to
the holders of shares of common stock.
Under certain circumstances, the issuance
of shares of preferred stock may render more difficult or tend to discourage a
merger, tender offer or proxy contest, the assumption of control by a holder of
a large block of Aon's securities or the removal of incumbent management.
Upon
the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in
office, the Board of Directors of Aon, without stockholder approval, may issue
shares of

preferred stock with voting, dividend and conversion rights which could
adversely affect the holders of shares of Aon common stock.

    
Currently, there are 1,000,000 shares of Series C cumulative preferred
stock, par value $1.00 per share, issued and outstanding.
Holders of shares of
Series C cumulative preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if
declared by Aon's Board of Directors, cumulative cash dividends accruing at a
rate of $2.55 per share per annum, payable quarterly.
If the accrued dividends
have not been paid in full, no dividends or other distributions can be made,
except for distributions in kind, on Aon's common stock.
Similarly, as long as
outstanding dividends on Series C cumulative preferred stock are not paid in
full, Aon cannot redeem, purchase, or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of Aon common stock.
Aon can redeem all or part of the outstanding shares
of Series C cumulative preferred stock at its discretion for $50.00 per share
plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.
Each holder of Series C cumulative
preferred stock also can require Aon to redeem the shares, in whole or in part,
for the amounts described above, upon notice.
If any shares of Series C
cumulative preferred stock are outstanding at the time of Aon's dissolution,
liquidation, or winding up, the holders of such stock are entitled to $50.00 per
share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, before any distribution is made on Aon
common stock.
The holders of Series C cumulative preferred stock are entitled to
vote on any matter on which the holders of Aon common stock are entitled to
vote, and such holders are entitled to cast one vote per share.


CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF AON'S CHARTER AND BY-LAWS

    - ELIMINATION OF STOCKHOLDER ACTION THROUGH WRITTEN CONSENTS.  
Aon's charter
provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special
meeting of stockholders and cannot be taken by written consent in lieu of a
meeting.

    - ABILITY TO CALL SPECIAL MEETINGS.  
Aon's charter provides that, except as
otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders can only be
called by the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer
or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Aon Board of
Directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in
amount of the entire capital stock of Aon issued and outstanding and entitled to
vote.

    - AMENDMENTS TO THE AON CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION.  
Aon's charter
provides that the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds ( 2/3) of
the total votes eligible to be cast in the election of directors is required to
amend, alter, change or repeal certain of its provisions.
This requirement of a
super-majority vote to approve amendments to Aon's charter and by-laws could
enable a minority of Aon's stockholders to exercise veto power over any such
amendments.


CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF DELAWARE LAW

    Aon is subject to the "business combination" provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.
In general, such provisions prohibit a publicly held
Delaware corporation from engaging in various "business combination"
transactions with any "interested stockholder" for a period of three years after
the date of the transaction which the person became an "interested stockholder,"
unless:

    - the transaction is approved by the Board of Directors prior to the date
      the "interested stockholder" obtained such status;

    - upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
      becoming an "interested stockholder," the "interested stockholder," owned
      at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the
      time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
      number of shares outstanding those shares owned by (a) persons who are
      directors and also officers and (b) employee stock plans in which employee
      participants do not

      have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to
      the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or

    - on or subsequent to such date the "business combination" is approved by
      the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
      stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the
      outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the "interested
      stockholder.
"

    A "business combination" is defined to include mergers, asset sales and
other transactions resulting in financial benefit to a stockholder.
In general,
an "interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and
associates, owns (or within three years, did own) 15% or more of a corporation's
voting stock.
The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or
change in control attempts with respect to Aon and, accordingly, may discourage
attempts to acquire Aon.

LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

    Aon's charter limits the liability of directors to the fullest extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law.
In addition, Aon's
certificate of incorporation provides that Aon shall indemnify its directors and
officers to the fullest extent permitted by such law.


TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

    The Transfer Agent and Registrar for Aon's common stock is First Chicago
Trust Company of New York.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

    
The validity of the Aon common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be passed on by Kirkland & Ellis, counsel for Aon.
In addition,
Kirkland & Ellis and Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel for ASI, will deliver opinions
to their respective clients concerning certain United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
See "The Proposed Merger--Material United States
Federal Income Tax Consequences.
"

                                    EXPERTS

    The consolidated financial statements of Aon Corporation incorporated by
reference in Aon Corporation's Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and the related financial statement schedules included therein
have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in
their reports thereon included or incorporated by reference therein and
incorporated herein by reference.
Such consolidated financial statements and
schedules are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such reports
given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

    
The consolidated financial statements of ASI Solutions Incorporated as of
March 31, 2000 and 1999 and for each of the three years in the period ended
March 31, 2000 included in this proxy statement/prospectus have been so included
in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent
accountants, given the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing.

    
Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are expected to be present at
the ASI Special Meeting, where they will have the opportunity to make a
statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to
appropriate questions.

                          
FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

    SEC rules set forth standards as to what stockholder proposals are required
to be included in a proxy statement.
ASI expects to hold an annual meeting of
stockholders in September 2001, unless the merger is completed prior to that
meeting.
Any ASI stockholder who intended to present a proposal at such meeting
and sought to have the proposal included in the proxy materials for the 2001
meeting, pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, must
have submitted the proposal to ASI at its principal executive office on or
before March 23, 2001.

    
Any stockholder proposals intended to be presented at the annual meeting of
ASI stockholders, other than a stockholder proposal submitted pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, must be received in writing at the principal
executive office of ASI not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the
date of the meeting, together with all required supporting documentation.
If
less than 70 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting
is given or made to stockholders, stockholder proposals must be received,
together with all required supporting documentation, no later than the close of
business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice or public
disclosure of the date of the annual meeting is first made.

    
The deadline for submission of stockholder proposals for inclusion in the
proxy materials for Aon's next annual meeting, which is expected to be held in
April 2002, as disclosed in the Aon proxy statement for the 2001 annual meeting
of stockholders, is November 5, 2001.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

    Aon and ASI file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy any reports, statements or
other information we file at the SEC's public reference rooms in Washington,
D.C., New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois.
Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms.
Our SEC
filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval
services and at the world wide web site maintained by the SEC at
http://www.sec.gov.

    
Aon has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC
the Aon common stock to be issued to ASI stockholders in the merger.
This
document is a part of the Form S-4 and constitutes a prospectus of Aon in
addition to being a proxy statement of ASI for the Special Meeting.
As allowed
by SEC rules, this document does not contain all the information you can find in
the Form S-4 or the exhibits to the Form S-4.
For further information, you
should refer to the Form S-4 and to the exhibits filed as part of the Form S-4.

Statements contained in this proxy statement/ prospectus regarding the contents
of any agreement or other document filed as an exhibit to the Form S-4 are not
necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made to the copy of the
agreement filed as an exhibit to the Form S-4, each statement being qualified by
this reference.
The Form S-4, including the exhibits filed as a part of the
Form S-4, may be obtained as set forth above.

    
The SEC allows Aon to "incorporate by reference" information into this
document, which means that Aon can disclose important information to you by
referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC.
The information
incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this document, except for any
information superseded by information in this document.
This document
incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that Aon has previously
filed with the SEC.
These documents contain important information about Aon and
its finances.

    
AON SEC FILINGS

    - Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000.

    - The description of Aon's common stock contained in Item 12 of the
      registration statement on Form 10 filed on February 19, 1980 (when Aon was
      called Combined International Corporation), and any amendment or report
      which Aon has filed for the purpose of updating such description,
      including Aon's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 1987 and
      Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2000.

    
Aon is also incorporating by reference additional documents that it files
with the SEC after the date of this document and prior to the termination of the
offering of Aon common stock to which this document relates.

    
Aon has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in
this document about Aon and all information about ASI has been supplied by ASI.

    
If you are an Aon stockholder, Aon may have sent you some of the documents
incorporated by reference, but you can obtain any of them through Aon or the
SEC.
Documents incorporated by reference are available from us without charge,
excluding all exhibits unless we have specifically incorporated by reference an
exhibit in this document.
Stockholders of ASI may obtain documents incorporated
by reference in this document by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
Aon at the following addresses:

    Aon Corporation
    123 North Wacker Drive
    Chicago, Illinois 60606
    Attention: Financial Relations Department
    (312) 701-3000

    If you would like to request documents from us, please do so by
            , 2001 to receive them prior to the Special Meeting.

    
You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this document to vote on the proposals included in this document.

We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different
from what is contained in this document.
This document is dated             ,
2001.
You should not assume that the information contained in this document is
accurate as of any date other than such date, and neither the mailing of this
document to stockholders of ASI nor the issuance of Aon common stock in the
merger shall create any implication to the contrary.

                 
INDEX TO ASI CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                PAGE
                                                              --------

Report of Independent Accountants...........................     
F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2000 and 1999...     F-3

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
  March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.............................     F-4

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the
  years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.................     F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
  March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.............................     F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................     F-8

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000
  (unaudited) and March 31, 2000............................    F-21

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine
  months ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 (unaudited).......    F-22

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months
  ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 (unaudited)..............    F-23

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)......    F-24

                                      F-1

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of ASI Solutions Incorporated:

    
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements appearing on pages F-3
through F-20 present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of ASI Solutions Incorporated at March 31, 2000 and 1999, and
the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended March 31, 2000, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
New York, NY
May 12, 2000

                                      F-2

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                            MARCH 31, 2000 AND 1999

                                                                 2000          1999
                                                              -----------   -----------

                                        ASSETS
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $12,155,795   $ 7,595,366
  Accounts receivable, net..................................   14,479,377    12,874,967
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets.................      765,721       576,424
  Deferred income taxes.....................................       75,918       299,478
                                                              -----------   -----------
    Total current assets....................................   27,476,811    21,346,235
Property and equipment, net.................................    5,042,982     5,218,408
Intangible assets, net......................................   22,401,403    23,258,472
Deferred financing costs....................................      375,160       391,386
Other assets................................................      453,875       325,518
                                                              -----------   -----------
    Total assets............................................  $55,750,231   $50,540,019
                                                              ===========   ===========
                         LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities:
  Current portion, notes payable to bank....................  $ 3,462,363   $ 7,143,658
  Current portion, subordinated notes payable...............    1,666,667     1,666,666
  Other debt................................................       87,785        66,501
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses.....................   17,558,809     7,946,658
  Accrued income taxes......................................      278,287       326,964
                                                              -----------   -----------
    Total current liabilities...............................   23,053,911    17,150,447
Deferred income taxes.......................................      690,765       543,593
Notes payable to bank, less current portion.................    7,762,537    11,224,900
Subordinated notes payable, less current portion............    1,666,667
Other liabilities...........................................      
313,528       268,373
                                                              -----------   -----------
    Total liabilities.......................................   31,820,741    30,853,980
Commitments
Stockholders' Equity:
  Preferred stock, $.01 par value, authorized 2,000,000
    shares; no shares issued................................
  Common stock, $.01 par value, authorized 18,000,000
    shares; issued and outstanding 6,662,183 in 2000 and
    6,497,631 in 1999.......................................       67,078        65,432
  Additional paid in capital................................   11,477,820    11,038,250
  Accumulated other comprehensive income....................       (3,789)       (7,839)
  Retained earnings.........................................   12,388,381     8,982,927
  Less: Treasury stock, 45,534 shares at cost in 1999.......                   (392,731)
                                                              -----------   -----------
    Total stockholders' equity..............................   23,929,490    19,686,039
                                                              -----------   -----------
    Total liabilities & stockholders' equity................  $55,750,231   $50,540,019
                                                              ===========   ===========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      
F-3

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
         FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

                                                           2000          1999          1998
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Revenue...............................................  $71,901,931   $59,653,278   $34,865,557
Cost of services......................................   38,113,459    29,755,156    17,663,690
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
  Gross profit........................................   33,788,472    29,898,122    17,201,867
Operating expenses:
  General and administrative..........................   18,180,554    14,263,341     7,871,423
  Sales and marketing.................................    6,012,223     5,407,659     3,272,518
  Research and development............................    
2,178,081     1,938,061     1,746,507
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
Income from operations................................    7,417,614     8,289,061     4,311,419
Interest expense, net.................................    1,387,609     1,709,734       592,841
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
Income before provision for income taxes..............    6,030,005     6,579,327     3,718,578
Provision for income taxes............................    2,624,551     2,768,439     1,598,989
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
  Net income..........................................  $ 3,405,454   $ 3,810,888   $ 2,119,589
                                                        ===========   ===========   ===========
Basic earnings per share..............................  $      0.52   $      0.59   $      0.33
                                                        ===========   ===========   ===========
Diluted earnings per share............................  $      0.51   $      0.58   $      0.33
                                                        ===========   ===========   ===========
Weighted average common shares outstanding:
  Basic shares........................................    6,594,695     6,487,253     6,346,053
  Diluted effect of stock options and warrants........      
113,320       128,018       175,345
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
  Diluted shares......................................    6,708,015     6,615,271     6,521,398
                                                        ===========   ===========   ===========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      
F-4

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

         FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

                                          ASI SOLUTIONS
                                           INCORPORATED                      ACCUMULATED
                                           COMMON STOCK       ADDITIONAL        OTHER                      DEFERRED
                                       --------------------     PAID-IN     COMPREHENSIVE    RETAINED      OFFERING    TREASURY
                                        SHARES      AMOUNT      CAPITAL        INCOME        EARNINGS       COSTS        STOCK
                                       ---------   
--------   -----------   -------------   -----------   ----------   
---------

April 1, 1997........................  4,625,158   $46,252    $ 1,109,218                   $ 3,052,450   $ (965,034)
Comprehensive Income:
  Net income.........................                                                         2,119,589
  Translation adjustment.............                                         $  9,382
    Total Comprehensive Income.......
  Issuance of common stock in initial
    public offering and payment of
    offering costs...................  1,800,000    18,000      9,016,283                                    965,034
  Transfer of common stock back to
    the company......................    (45,534)                                                                      $(392,731)
  Issuance of common stock for
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan.....     17,077       171         86,927
  Issuance of common stock for
    acquisition of McLagan Partners,
    Inc..............................     50,000       500        449,500
  Issuance of common stock related to
    bank financing...................     
20,000       200        179,800
                                       ---------   
-------    -----------     
--------      -----------   ----------   
---------
March 31, 1998.......................  
6,466,701    65,123     10,841,728        9,382        5,172,039           --    (392,731)
Comprehensive Income:
  
Net income.........................                                                         3,810,888
  Translation adjustment.............                                          (17,221)
    Total Comprehensive Income.......
  Issuance of common stock for
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan.....     30,930       309        196,522
                                       ---------   -------    -----------     --------      -----------   ----------   ---------
March 31, 1999.......................  6,497,631    65,432     11,038,250       (7,839)       8,982,927           --    (392,731)
Comprehensive Income:
  Net income.........................                                                         3,405,454
  Translation adjustment.............                                            
4,050
    Total Comprehensive Income.......
  Issuance of common stock for
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan.....     84,488       845        360,124
  Employee Stock Grant...............     53,685       537         44,713                                                392,731
  Exercise of employee stock
    options..........................     
26,379       264         34,733
                                       ---------   -------    -----------     
--------      -----------   ----------   ---------
March 31, 2000.......................  6,662,183   $67,078    $11,477,820     $ (3,789)     $12,388,381           --          --
                                       =========   =======    ===========     ========      ===========   ==========   =========

                                          TOTAL
                                       -----------

April 1, 1997........................  $ 3,242,886
Comprehensive Income:
  Net income.........................    2,119,589
  Translation adjustment.............        
9,382
                                       -----------
    Total Comprehensive Income.......    2,128,971
                                       -----------
  Issuance of common stock in initial
    public offering and payment of
    offering costs...................    9,999,317
  Transfer of common stock back to
    the company......................     (392,731)
  Issuance of common stock for
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan.....       87,098
  Issuance of common stock for
    acquisition of McLagan Partners,
    Inc..............................      450,000
  Issuance of common stock related to
    bank financing...................      180,000
                                       -----------
March 31, 1998.......................   
15,695,541
Comprehensive Income:
  Net income.........................    3,810,888
  Translation adjustment.............      (17,221)
                                       -----------
    Total Comprehensive Income.......    3,793,667
                                       -----------
  Issuance of common stock for
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan.....      196,831
                                       -----------
March 31, 1999.......................   19,686,039
Comprehensive Income:
  Net income.........................    3,405,454
  Translation adjustment.............        
4,050
                                       -----------
    Total Comprehensive Income.......    3,409,504
                                       -----------
  Issuance of common stock for
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan.....      360,969
  Employee Stock Grant...............      437,981
  Exercise of employee stock
    options..........................       
34,997
                                       -----------
March 31, 2000.......................  $23,929,490
                                       ===========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      
F-5

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

         FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

                                                             2000          1999         1998
                                                          -----------   
----------   -----------

Cash flow from operating activities:
Net income:.............................................  $ 3,405,454   $3,810,888   $ 2,119,589
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash:
  Depreciation and amortization.........................    2,656,118    2,418,164     1,378,232
  Provision for doubtful accounts.......................         (772)      75,503       108,153
  Loss on fixed asset disposal..........................        
2,903
  Other.................................................      106,225       90,703       112,929
  Deferred income taxes.................................      370,732      (72,867)      244,589
  Stock compensation....................................      437,981
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net of the effect
    of business acquisitions:
    Accounts receivable.................................   (1,575,319)  (2,231,542)   (6,622,371)
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets...........     (187,933)      22,084      (334,960)
    Other assets........................................      (95,239)      (2,597)      (
31,890)
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses...............    
8,597,309    3,397,558     1,253,616
    Income taxes........................................      768,606      630,713      (876,260)
  Other liabilities.....................................       33,464
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities.....   14,519,529    8,138,607    (2,648,373)
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Cash flow from investing activities:
Acquisition of property and equipment...................   (1,516,943)  (1,411,205)   (3,556,780)
Acquisition of businesses...............................                             (16,943,188)

Other...................................................     (107,488)     (40,333)     (103,649)
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Net cash (used in) investing activities.................   (1,624,431)  (1,451,538)  (20,603,617)
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Cash flow from financing activities:
Proceeds from borrowings................................                              
21,102,238
Repayment of debt.......................................   (8,789,040)  (2,119,435)   (4,834,080)

Payment of financing costs..............................      (90,000)     (25,000)     (312,048)
Restricted cash.........................................                 1,891,821    (1,891,821)

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net.............      395,965      196,831    10,086,415
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities.....   (8,483,075)     (55,783)   24,150,704
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
cash equivalents........................................      148,406          (26)        
5,202
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents....    4,560,429    6,631,260       903,916
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period........    7,595,366      964,106        60,190
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period..............  $12,155,795   $7,595,366   $   964,106
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Supplemental cash flow information:
  Cash paid for:
    Interest............................................  $ 1,277,535   $1,588,680       658,049
    Income taxes........................................  $ 1,450,591   $2,328,978   $ 2,240,600

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-6

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

         FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

                                                                2000        1998
                                                              --------   
-----------

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing
  activities:

Capital lease obligations:
  Incurred..................................................  $55,690
  Terminated................................................   25,883

Transfer of common stock back to the Company in full
  satisfaction of shareholder debt..........................             $   392,731

Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions.........                 
450,000

Common stock issued in connection with debt financing.......                 180,000

Issuance of subordinated debt in connection with
  acquisitions..............................................               5,000,000

Issuance of notes in connection with acquisitions...........                 401,500

Details of acquisitions (Note 3):

Fair value of assets acquired (including goodwill)..........             $23,794,688
Liabilities assumed.........................................              (1,000,000)

Notes issued................................................              (5,401,500)
Stock issued................................................                (450,000)
                                                                         -----------
Cash utilized for acquisitions..............................             $16,943,188
                                                                         ===========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      
F-7

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION:

    
On March 26, 1996, ASI Solutions Incorporated (the "Company") was
incorporated in the State of Delaware.
Effective March 31, 1996, the Company
issued 4,625,158 shares of Common Stock in exchange for substantially all of the
issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Proudfoot Reports Incorporated
("PRI") and 95% of the common stock of Assessment Solutions Incorporated
("Assessment Solutions").
During fiscal 1997, the remaining 5% of the
outstanding common stock of Assessment Solutions was redeemed.
The initial
stockholders of the Company were also the principal stockholders of PRI and
Assessment Solutions, the two previously separate but commonly controlled
companies.
After the reorganization, Assessment Solutions and PRI are wholly
owned subsidiaries of the Company.
On August 29, 1997, the Company acquired the
assets of Effective Learning Systems.
On November 13, 1997, the Company's newly
created subsidiary McLagan Partners Inc. ("McLagan Partners") acquired
substantially all of the assets and business operations of McLagan Partners
Incorporated and subsidiaries.
The Company, Assessment Solutions, PRI and
McLagan Partners are hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Company.
"

    The exchange described above has been accounted for as a reorganization
since all entities involved were under common control.
The consolidated
financial statements reflect the interests attributable to the one controlling
shareholder of both combined entities at their historical basis of accounting.

The remaining interests have been accounted for as a purchase of minority
interests and the excess of the purchase price over the related historical cost
of $1,063,000 has been allocated to intangible assets.
All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

    
Effective April 16, 1997, the Company sold 1.8 million shares of common
stock to the public at a price of $6 per share in an initial public offering and
pursuant to an over-allotment option, the underwriter purchased 270,000 shares
of common stock at a price of $6 per share (the "Offering").
Proceeds from the
Offering, net of underwriters' discount and offering costs, were approximately
$9,034,000.
Effective on the Offering date, the Company's Certificate of
Incorporation (the "Certificate") was restated to increase the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock to 18 million shares.


THE COMPANY

    ASI Solutions Incorporated (the "Company") is a leading national provider of
human resources outsourcing services for large organizations seeking to hire,
train and develop a higher quality, more effective workforce.
The Company's
services are organized into three core areas: performance improvement services,
employment process outsourcing and compensation services and market share
studies.
The Company believes these services position the Company as a
single-source solution for many organizations that outsource all or a portion of
their human resources functions.
The Company markets its services principally to
Fortune 500 companies for which customer service, sales and call center
functions are critical components of their businesses.
Industries served by the
Company include telecommunications, financial services, information technology,
consumer products and healthcare.


2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly
owned subsidiaries.
All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

                                      F-8

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: (CONTINUED)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

    The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an
original maturity date of three months or less from the date of purchase to be a
cash equivalent.


CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

    Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentration
of credit risk consist of accounts receivable and cash deposits.
Cash deposits
generally do not exceed insurable limits.
Accounts receivable are concentrated
among a limited number of major companies.
To reduce credit risk, the Company
performs credit evaluations of its customers but does not generally require
collateral.
One customer represented 28% of revenue for the years ended
March 31, 2000 and 1999, and 30% of revenue for the year ended March 31, 1998.

Revenues from the Company's top five customers represented approximately 46% of
total revenues for the years ended March 31, 2000 and 1999, and 55% for the year
ended 1998.
Accounts receivable from the Company's top five customers
represented approximately 43% and 42% of total accounts receivable at March 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively.

    
Allowances for doubtful accounts were approximately $186,000 as of
March 31, 2000 and 1999, and $122,000 as of March 31, 1998.
Accounts receivable
write-offs amounted to $20,934 for fiscal year ended March 31, 1999.
There were
no accounts receivable write-offs for fiscal years ended March 31, 2000 or 1998.


USE OF ESTIMATES

    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Furniture and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the assets'
estimated useful lives of five years using the straight-line method.
Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated
useful life of the improvement.
Capitalized software reflects costs related to
internally developed or purchased software that are capitalized and amortized on
a straight-line basis over a period of five years.

    
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; renewals and
improvements that extend the life of assets are capitalized.
Upon retirement or
disposal, the asset cost and the related accumulated depreciation and
amortization are eliminated from the respective accounts and the resulting gain
or loss, if any, is included in the results of operations.


INTANGIBLE ASSETS

    Intangible assets principally include customer lists, covenants not to
compete and the excess of purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net
assets acquired (goodwill).
The intangible assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging from 5 to
40 years.
Amortization expense relating to intangible assets was approximately
$929,000, $913,000 and $401,000

                                      F-9

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: (CONTINUED)
for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
Accumulated
amortization relating to intangible assets was $2,314,186 and $1,393,990 as of
March 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

    
The Company assesses the recoverability of goodwill by determining whether
the amortization of the goodwill balance over its remaining life can be
recovered through forecasted future operations.
Impairment is evaluated by
comparing future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected
to result from the use or sale of the asset and its eventual disposition, to the
carrying amount of the asset.

LONG-LIVED ASSETS

    
If events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a
long-lived asset may not be recoverable, the Company estimates the future cash
flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition.

If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted) is less than the
carrying amount of the long-lived asset, an impairment loss is recognized.
To
date, no impairment losses have been recognized.


DEFERRED FINANCING COSTS

    Deferred financing costs represent fees incurred in connection with the
Company's Credit Agreement, and are being amortized, using the straight-line
method, over the length of the related term loan.
Amortization expense was
$106,226 and $93,689 for the years ended March 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.


FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

    
The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries, where the local currency
is the functional currency, are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates in effect at period end for assets and liabilities and average exchange
rates during each reporting period for results of operations and cash flows.

Adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements are reflected as
a separate component of stockholders' equity.


REVENUE

    The Company recognizes revenue as earned upon the performance of agreed-upon
services.


RENT EXPENSE

    The Company recognizes rent expense for operating leases on a straight-line
basis over the term of the related lease.


INCOME TAXES

    Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future
years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
financial reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and
statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are
expected to affect taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established when
necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

Income tax expense consists of the tax

                                      F-10

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: (CONTINUED)
payable for the period and the change during the period in deferred tax assets
and liabilities.
(See Note 9.)

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    Cash and cash equivalents and fixed rate debt obligations are reflected in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at amounts considered by management
to reasonably approximate fair value.
Management is not aware of any factors
that would significantly affect the value of these amounts.


EARNINGS PER SHARE

    In 1998, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 128, "Earnings Per Share" ("SFAS 128").
SFAS 128 replaced the previously
reported primary and fully diluted earnings per share with basic and diluted
earnings per share.
All earnings per share amounts for all periods have been
presented, and where necessary, restated, to conform to the SFAS 128
requirements.
Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by
the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted
earnings per share are calculated to give effect to all potentially dilutive
common shares that were outstanding during the year.


STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

    The Company has adopted the disclosure-only provisions of SFAS 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation."
As permitted under SFAS 123, the
Company continues to measure compensation cost in accordance with APB No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.
"

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

    In June 1999, the FASB issued SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date of Statement
133," which postponed the adoption of SFAS No. 133.
The Company does not
anticipate the statement to have a significant effect on its current financial
reporting and disclosure requirements.


3. ACQUISITIONS:

    
On November 13, 1997, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets
(primarily fixed assets of $483,978) and businesses of McLagan Partners
Incorporated and its related entities (collectively, "McLagan").
The
consideration paid by the Company for the assets of McLagan included
(i) $15.5 million paid in cash; (ii) $5 million in subordinated notes bearing
interest at 8 percent per annum and payable in three equal principal
installments on each of April 30, 1998, April 30, 1999 and April 30, 2000; and
(iii) 50,000 shares of the common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the
Company.
The Company incurred $828,188 of costs associated with the acquisition.

The Company also discharged approximately $1 million of McLagan's outstanding
liabilities and agreed to make deferred payments in an aggregate amount of
$1 million, on April 30, 2000, to certain employees of McLagan, provided that
such employees continue to be employed by the McLagan subsidiaries as of such
date.

    
The acquisition has been accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting and, accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the assets
purchased based upon the fair values at the date of

                                      F-11

                           ASI SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

3.
ACQUISITIONS: (CONTINUED)
the acquisition.
As a result, $22,294,210 of the purchase price has been
allocated to goodwill, customer lists and other intangibles which are being
amortized on a straight line basis over periods from 5 to 40 years.
The Company
has an incentive compensation program with former officers of McLagan which
provides for payments to such officers when certain milestone earnings are
attained.
(See Note 13.)

4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

    Property and equipment are comprised of the following:

                                                                 2000         1999
                                                              ----------   ----------

Furniture and equipment.....................................  $9,362,145   $7,901,792
Capitalized software........................................     696,925      652,848
Leasehold improvements......................................     363,150      357,422
                                                              ----------   ----------
                                                              10,422,220    8,912,062
Less, accumulated depreciation and amortization.............   5,379,238    3,693,654
                                                              ----------   ----------
                                                              $5,042,982   $5,218,408
                                                              ==========   ==========

    Depreciation and amortization expense relating to furniture and equipment
and leasehold improvements was approximately $1,584,000, $1,374,000 and $858,000
for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
Amortization
expense relating to capitalized software was approximately $139,000, $131,000
and $83,000 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.


5.
DEBT:

    NOTES PAYABLE TO BANK:

    
On November 13, 1997, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with
several banks.
The Credit Agreement consists of a $15 million term loan, the
proceeds of which were used in the financing of the acquisition of McLagan, and
a $10 million revolving credit facility.
Substantially all of the Company's
assets are held as collateral for this debt.

    
The term loan bears interest at the prime rate (9% at March 31, 2000) plus
0.25 percent or the eurodollar rate (.9553 at March 31, 2000) plus
3.25 percent.
The payment schedule under the term loan calls for quarterly
installment payments beginning on March 31, 1998.
Borrowings under the revolving
credit facility bear interest at the prime rate or an optional eurodollar based
rate.
The Company has entered into an interest rate swap at a fixed rate of 9%
per annum on borrowings under its credit facility of up to $5,000,000.
As of
March 31, 2000 and 1999, borrowings under the term loan were $10,750,000 and
$13,000,000, respectively.
There were no borrowings under the revolving credit
facility at March 31, 2000.