URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1023364/000089256901500295/0000892569-01-500295.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     In light of the rapid changes in the automotive online commerce and
interactive services industries, it had become regular practice of the board of
directors of both Autobytel and Autoweb to review periodically with senior
management the relative position of each company in these industries, changes in
the competitive landscape and technology as well as strategic alternatives
available to each company in order to remain competitive and enhance stockholder
value.
In connection with this ongoing review of long-term strategic plans, each
company has been considering a wide range of strategic options, including
internal growth strategies, growth through various strategic alliances,
investments, acquisitions or business combinations.
In furtherance of these
objectives, from time to time each company has had contact with various parties
to explore on a preliminary basis several of these alternatives, including some
discussions with one or more parties during the time periods described below.

     
During the course of the prior year, various senior management personnel of
Autobytel have been involved from time to time in discussions with members of
senior management of Autoweb regarding a variety of topics related to their
businesses, including a possible business combination.

     
During a meeting in Menlo Park, California on June 30, 2000, between Mark
Lorimer, President and Chief Executive Officer of Autobytel, and Dean DeBiase,
Chairman of Autoweb, the parties raised the possibility that Autoweb and
Autobytel might explore a possible business combination.

     
On July 28, 2000, Mr. Lorimer and Dennis Benner, Executive Vice President,
Corporate Development of Autobytel, met with Mr. DeBiase and Jeffrey Schwartz,
then the Vice President of Strategic Development of Autoweb, in Irvine,
California and discussed the possibility of a business combination.

     
In September and early October of 2000, Mr. DeBiase spoke by phone several
times with Mr. Lorimer and discussed the general terms of a possible transaction
and outlined business integration issues that would have to be analyzed.
During
these conversations, Mr. Lorimer indicated that Autobytel was interested in
continuing discussions regarding a strategic business combination with Autoweb.

     
On October 8 and October 31, 2000, the Autoweb board of directors held
meetings to discuss potential sources of new capital for Autoweb and potential
strategic partners.
During each meeting the board of directors also discussed a
range of economic and operational issues that would have to be resolved in any
transaction between Autoweb and Autobytel.
The Autoweb board of directors
authorized Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz and other members of Autoweb's senior
management to pursue further discussions with Autobytel.

     
On November 2, 2000, Autobytel and Autoweb entered into a mutual
non-disclosure agreement.

     
On November 6, 2000, Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz, now Chief Executive
Officer and President of Autoweb, discussed the advantages and disadvantages of
various potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, with
certain Autoweb board members.

     
On November 14, 2000, Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz met with Mr. Lorimer to
discuss potential strategic transactions, including a business combination,
between Autoweb and Autobytel.
During November and December 2000, Messrs.
DeBiase and Schwartz had several telephone conversations with Mr. Lorimer
regarding potential strategic transactions, including a business combination
with Autobytel.

     
On November 15, 2000, the Autoweb board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting to discuss a possible transaction with Autobytel.
The Autoweb
board discussed the possible advantages and risks of a strategic business
combination with Autobytel.
Following this discussion, Autoweb's board of
directors authorized management to continue discussions with Autobytel regarding
a possible strategic business combination.

     
During November 2000, Mr. Lorimer discussed with various individual board
members of Autobytel the advantages and disadvantages of a business combination
with Autoweb.
During such month, members of senior management of Autobytel met
with representatives of Lehman Brothers to evaluate a potential business
combination with Autoweb.

     
On December 6, 2000, Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz and Mr. Michael Schmidt,
Chief Financial Officer of Autoweb, and Ms. Meri E. Glade, Vice President, Legal
Affairs and General Counsel of Autoweb, met with representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston, Autoweb's financial advisors.
At this meeting
representatives of Autoweb discussed certain potential strategic transactions
with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston, including a possible
business combination with Autobytel.

     
On December 8, 2000, the board of directors of Autobytel held a regular
meeting during which Mr. Lorimer reported on discussions with representatives of
Autoweb regarding a proposed business combination.

     
On December 12 and 15, 2000, Messrs. Schwartz, DeBiase and Schmidt phoned
Mr. Lorimer and Amit Kothari, Controller and then Interim Chief Financial
Officer of Autobytel, to discuss the financial models of each company and the
possibility of a business combination transaction between the two companies.

     
During the period from December 20, 2000 through January 23, 2001, there
were telephone calls between various members of senior management of Autoweb and
Autobytel regarding the structure of a potential transaction, potential
synergies, management and corporate governance issues, the appropriate exchange
ratio, certain due diligence issues and Autoweb's relationships with certain
marketing partners.

     
On January 10, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting during which representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and certain members of Autoweb's senior management, briefed the board on recent
discussions with Autobytel, including the advantages and disadvantages of a
potential business combination with Autobytel.

     
On January 18, 2001, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston met with
members of senior management of Autobytel to conduct due diligence.

     
On January 23, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a regular meeting
to discuss, among other things, a possible transaction with Autobytel.

Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston presented certain preliminary
financial analyses with respect to a potential transaction between Autoweb and
Autobytel to the Autoweb board of directors.
Ms. Glade participated in the
meeting and reviewed various items with the Autoweb board of directors,
including the board of directors' fiduciary duties in considering strategic
alternatives to the transaction with Autobytel.
The Autoweb board of directors
further discussed the possible advantages and risks of a strategic business
combination with Autobytel.
Following this discussion, the board of directors
authorized management to continue with negotiations and due diligence regarding
a proposed business combination with Autobytel.

     
From January 23, 2001 through February 2, 2001, representatives of
Autobytel and Autoweb met to continue discussions regarding a potential
transaction.
Among other things, they discussed each company's business,
operations and personnel and other integration issues.
On February 2, 2001,
Autobytel and Autoweb executed a non-binding indication of interest letter
regarding a potential transaction.

     
On February 4, 2001, Mr. Schwartz and William Barrett, President of AIC, a
division of Autoweb, and Dr. Nadyne Edison, Chief Marketing Officer of Autoweb,
met with Mr. Lorimer and Andrew Donchak, Chief Marketing Officer of Autobytel,
to discuss certain management issues, operations and other post-merger
integration matters.

     
On February 7, 2001, the board of directors of Autobytel held a regular
meeting during which Mr. Lorimer reported on discussions with representatives of
Autoweb regarding the proposed business combination.
During such meeting,
representatives of Lehman Brothers presented a preliminary financial analysis
and valuation of a possible transaction between Autoweb and Autobytel.
The
Autobytel board of directors discussed the possible advantages and disadvantages
of a business combination with Autoweb.
Following the discussion, the Autobytel
board of directors instructed management to continue to proceed with
negotiations and due diligence regarding a proposed business combination with
Autoweb.

     
Beginning the week of February 12, 2001, there were numerous telephone
calls between members of senior management of Autoweb and members of senior
management of Autobytel and their respective financial advisors and outside
legal counsel regarding the terms of the proposed transaction and certain due
diligence matters.

     
On February 28, 2001, legal counsel to Autobytel distributed to Autoweb and
its counsel the initial draft of a proposed form of acquisition agreement.
From
February 28 through April 10, 2001, representatives of each company, including
legal and financial advisors, performed due diligence and negotiated the terms
of the acquisition agreement and related agreements.

     
On March 7, 2001, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston met with
certain members of Autobytel management to conduct further due diligence.

     
On March 12, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to discuss the status of the negotiations with Autobytel.
During this
meeting, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati identified certain unresolved issues relating to the proposed
transaction and the acquisition agreement.

     
On March 19, 2001, the Autobytel board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting.
At the meeting, members of senior management of Autobytel
reported on the status of discussions with Autoweb and summarized the principal
terms and open issues relating to a possible transaction.

     
On March 20, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting during which members of Autoweb's senior management reported on the
status of discussions with Autobytel, the results of due diligence and the
feasibility of the transaction.
Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati also attended the meeting and briefly
updated the Autoweb board of directors on their respective discussions with
representatives of Autobytel's financial and legal advisors.
Mr. Schwartz
reviewed the status of negotiations and due diligence with the Autoweb board of
directors.
The Autoweb board of directors then authorized and instructed
management to continue negotiations and due diligence with respect to the
transaction.

     
On March 29, 2001, the Autobytel board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting to consider the proposed transaction.
Prior to the meeting,
the directors were provided with a draft of the acquisition agreement and
related documents.
A representative of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP and
Autobytel's General Counsel summarized the principal terms of the proposed
agreements.
Representatives of Lehman Brothers discussed with the Autobytel
board of directors certain financial analyses of the acquisition, and delivered
the oral opinion of Lehman Brothers to the effect that, based on and subject to
matters set forth in its written opinion, as of March 29, 2001 the consideration
to be paid by Autobytel in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial
point of view, to Autobytel.
In light of the prior discussions among members of
the Autobytel board of directors, the prior meetings of the Autobytel board of
directors and the presentations and discussions at the current meeting, the
Autobytel board of directors determined by unanimous vote that the transactions
contemplated by the acquisition agreement and related documents were advisable
and in the best interests of Autobytel and its stockholders and unanimously
approved the acquisition agreement and the merger and related documents.

     
On March 31, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to consider the proposed transaction.
Prior to the meeting, the board of
directors was provided with a draft of the acquisition agreement and certain
other related documents.
Representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
reviewed with the board of directors, the status of negotiations with Autobytel,
the directors'

fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed transaction and summarized the
principal terms of the draft acquisition agreement.
Representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston discussed with the Autoweb board of directors certain
financial analyses of the acquisition and delivered the oral opinion of Credit
Suisse First Boston, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that,
based on and subject to matters set forth in its opinion, as of March 31, 2001,
the exchange ratio pursuant to the acquisition agreement was fair from a
financial point of view to holders of Autoweb common stock.
In light of the
prior discussions among members of the Autoweb board of directors, the prior
meetings of the Autoweb board of directors and the presentations and discussions
at the current meeting, the Autoweb board of directors determined by unanimous
vote that the transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement and related
documents were advisable and in the best interests of Autoweb and its
stockholders and, contingent on the resolution of remaining due diligence
matters and finalization of agreements related to the acquisition, unanimously
approved the acquisition agreement and the merger and related documents.

     
From March 31 to April 10, 2001, Autobytel and Autoweb negotiated the final
terms of the definitive acquisition agreement and related documents, including
an employment agreement for Mr. Schwartz and a voting agreement with significant
stockholders of Autoweb.

     
The acquisition agreement and voting agreement were signed by the parties
on April 11, 2001, and Autobytel and Autoweb issued a joint press release
announcing the transaction.


AUTOBYTEL'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     
At a meeting held on March 29, 2001, the board of directors of Autobytel
concluded that the merger was in the best interests of Autobytel and its
stockholders and determined to recommend that the Autobytel stockholders approve
the issuance of the shares of Autobytel common stock in the merger.
In its
evaluation of the merger, the Autobytel board identified several potential
benefits of the merger, the most important of which included the board's
expectation that:

     - by combining its operations with Autoweb, Autobytel would be better
       positioned to broaden its customer base, accelerate its revenue growth
       and extend its position as a leading provider of automotive internet
       services;

     - by obtaining AIC's capabilities, the combined company would save data and
       licensing costs that Autobytel presently pays to third parties and would
       be better able to provide data content, technology and information
       services to automotive marketers on a global basis;

     - the merger would enable Autobytel to realize significant operating
       synergies, including reduced corporate overhead and the consolidation of
       sales and marketing organizations;

     - Autoweb's cash reserves would enable Autobytel to partially fund the
       anticipated ongoing operating losses incurred by Autoweb until cost
       reductions could be implemented; and

     - the combined companies would be able to employ the best practices and
       processes of each of Autobytel and Autoweb in future operations.

     
Autobytel's board of directors consulted with senior management, as well as
its legal counsel and financial advisors, in reaching the decision to approve
the merger.
In its evaluation of the merger, the Autobytel board reviewed
several factors, including:

     - information concerning the business, financial condition, operations,
       competitive position and prospects of Autobytel and Autoweb both
       individually and on a combined basis including the compatibility of the
       two companies' operations;

     - analyses and other information with respect to Autobytel and Autoweb
       including consideration of the strategic focus of the combined companies
       and the likelihood of their ability to compete successfully;

     - the possibility, as an alternative to the merger, of seeking to acquire a
       different company or establish other strategic alliances;

     - the cash position of the combined companies, especially during periods of
       volatility in the financial markets;

     - the opinion of Lehman Brothers to the Autobytel board of directors, to
       the effect that, based on and subject to matters set forth in its
       opinion, as of March 29, 2001, the consideration to be paid by Autobytel
       in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to
       Autobytel.
The opinion of Lehman Brothers is described below under
       "Opinion of Autobytel's Financial Advisor";

     - the amount and form of the consideration to be received by Autoweb's
       stockholders in the merger in light of comparable transactions and the
       historical market prices, volatility and trading information for
       Autoweb's common stock and Autobytel's common stock;

     - that Autobytel's stockholders would hold approximately 66% of the
       outstanding common stock of the combined company after the merger;

     - the expectation that the merger would qualify as a tax-free
       reorganization;

     - the financial and other terms and conditions of the merger and the
       acquisition agreement;

     - the belief by Autobytel's senior management that the terms of the
       acquisition agreement are reasonable;

     - the potential impact of the merger on Autobytel's and Autoweb's customers
       and employees; and

     - discussions with Autobytel's management and legal and financial advisors
       as to the results of the due diligence investigation of Autoweb.

     
The Autobytel board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the following:

     - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized or
       may be delayed;

     - the costs associated with the merger, including merger related
       transaction costs, costs for disposing of real estate leases and costs
       for renegotiating or terminating marketing and equipment agreements;

     - the difficulty of integrating Autoweb with Autobytel and the management
       effort and costs required to complete the integration following the
       merger, including:

      - the difficulty of maintaining a consistent brand image given certain
        differences in the companies' respective business models;

      - potential difficulties in providing Autoweb customers with the requisite
        level of service in the post-merger transition; and,

      - given the importance of operating the combined companies on a common
        technology platform, possible difficulties associated with migrating
        Autoweb's operations to the Autobytel technology platform;

     - the possibility that the merger may not be consummated, even though it
       has been approved by Autobytel's and Autoweb's boards of directors;

     - the negative effect that treating the merger, for accounting purposes, as
       a "purchase," will have on the combined company's future earnings per
       share, due to amortization of "goodwill";

     - the risk that the premium offered relative to Autoweb's current stock
       price may not be viewed favorably by the market;

     - the impact of the accelerated vesting for certain Autoweb employees'
       stock options after a change in control of Autoweb and after such
       employees' termination; and

     - the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
       statement/prospectus under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 8.

     
The Autobytel board of directors concluded however, that, on balance, the
potential benefits to Autobytel and its stockholders in the merger outweighed
the risks associated with the merger.
The discussion of the information and
factors considered by the Autobytel board of directors is not intended to be
exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, the Autobytel board of directors did not find it
practicable to, and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the
specific factors considered in reaching its determination.


AUTOWEB'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     On March 31, 2001, the board of directors of Autoweb unanimously (a)
determined that the proposed merger was consistent with and in furtherance of
the long-term business strategy of Autoweb and fair to, and in the best
interests of, Autoweb and its stockholders; and (b) approved the acquisition
agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement,
contingent on the resolution of remaining due diligence matters and finalization
of agreements related to the acquisition.
In reaching its decision to approve
the acquisition agreement and the merger and to recommend adoption of the
acquisition agreement by Autoweb stockholders, the Autoweb board of directors
consulted with its management team and advisors and independently considered the
proposed merger, acquisition agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
acquisition agreement.
The board of directors of Autoweb has unanimously
recommended that the Autoweb shareholders vote FOR the approval and adoption of
the acquisition agreement and the proposed merger.
The Autoweb board of
directors identified several potential benefits of the merger, including the
board of directors' expectation that:

     - Given the complementary nature of the technologies and business
       strategies of Autoweb and Autobytel, Autoweb's strategic objectives would
       be significantly furthered by the proposed merger, and as a result,
       Autoweb would be better positioned to reach these objectives than it
       would as a stand alone company.
Autoweb's strategic objectives include
       expanding its customer base and expanding its content and service
       offerings.
In this regard, the Autoweb board of directors believes that
       the merger will result in creation of the most comprehensive online
       automobile-related destination for customers, content and services.

     - The combined company will have a stronger financial position.

     -
The merger will provide current and potential advertising companies,
       automobile manufacturers, dealers and other Autoweb customers with
       increased access to a larger, more targeted and desirable demographic
       group on the Internet.

     -
The merger will result in a combined company that ranks among the largest
       online automobile related Web site networks worldwide, which will create
       greater brand recognition and may attract more customers.

     
- The combined company will be able to take advantage of significant
       operating synergies, including reduced corporate overhead expenses and
       the consolidation of sales and marketing organizations.

     
- The exchange ratio proposed by Autobytel represented, as of the signing
       of the acquisition agreement, consideration having a value, based upon
       the closing price of $1.49 per share of Autobytel common stock on April
       10, 2001 on Nasdaq National Market (the trading day preceding the date of
       the public announcement of the proposed merger), of $0.53 per share.
This
       value represented a premium of approximately 83% over $0.29, the closing
       price per Autoweb common stock on April 10, 2001 on Nasdaq National
       Market.

     
- Autoweb's stockholders will hold approximately 34% of the outstanding
       common stock of the combined company after the merger which will provide
       Autoweb's stockholders with the opportunity to share in the combined
       companies' long-term growth which the Autoweb board of directors believed
       would not be as achievable as a stand-alone company.

     
- The opinion of Autoweb's financial advisor, Credit Suisse First Boston,
       dated March 31, 2001 as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
       to holders of Autoweb common stock and as of the date

of the opinion, of the exchange ratio provided for in the acquisition agreement,
as more fully described below under the caption "Opinion of Autoweb's Financial
Advisor".

     - The expectation that the merger will qualify as a tax-free
       reorganization.

     
Autoweb's board of directors consulted with senior management, as well as
its legal counsel and financial advisors, in reaching a decision to approve the
merger.
In its evaluation of the merger, the Autoweb board of directors reviewed
several other factors, including:

     - Information concerning the financial condition, business, operations,
       strategic objectives and prospects and competitive position of Autoweb
       and Autobytel before and after giving effect to the merger.

     
- Current market conditions and industry trends affecting Autoweb,
       Autobytel and Internet business-to-business and business-to-consumer
       companies in general.

     
- Current financial market conditions and historical market prices of
       Autoweb and Autobytel's common stock.

     
- Volatility and trading information with respect to Autoweb common stock
       and Autobytel common stock.

     
- Autoweb's capital requirements and its ability to attract additional
       capital or financing, if required.

     - A comparison of comparable merger transactions.

     
- The impact of the merger on the advertisers, sponsors, customers and
       employees of Autoweb and Autobytel.

     
- The terms and conditions of the acquisition agreement and related
       agreements.

     
Autoweb's board of directors also identified and considered, among others,
a number of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the
merger and the acquisition agreement, including the following:

     - The risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized.

     
- The potential challenges of integrating Autobytel's operations with those
       of Autoweb.

     - The effect of public announcement of the merger and the possibility the
       merger may not be consummated on the demand for Autoweb's products and
       services and relationships with customers and strategic partners,
       including the potential adverse consequences of employee retention
       associated with providing the notification of possible terminations
       required under the WARN Act.

     - The financial and other terms and conditions of the merger and the
       acquisition agreement including:

      - the non-solicitation and other protective provisions that may have the
        effect of discouraging other persons potentially interested in acquiring
        Autoweb from pursuing such an opportunity as more fully described under
        "The Acquisition Agreement -- No Solicitation by Autoweb".

      - the likelihood that the stockholders of Autoweb and Autobytel may not
        vote to approve and adopt the acquisition agreement and to approve the
        merger;

      - that, while the merger is likely to be completed, there are risks
        associated with certain conditions to the completion of the merger, and
        it is possible that the merger may not be completed even if approved by
        the stockholders of Autoweb and Autobytel; and

      - the costs to Autoweb due to fees payable in the event the acquisition
        agreement is terminated under certain circumstances.

     - Other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 8.

     
This discussion of the information and factors considered by Autoweb's
board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors
considered.
In view of the number and wide variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, and the complexity of these
matters, the Autoweb board of directors did not find it practicable to, nor did
it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the
specific factors it considered.
In addition, the Autoweb board of directors did
not undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any particular
factor was favorable or unfavorable to its ultimate determination or assign any
particular weight to any factor, but conducted an overall analysis of the
factors described above, including thorough discussions with and questioning of
Autoweb's management and management's analysis of the proposed merger based on
information received from Autoweb's legal, financial and accounting advisors.
In
considering the factors described above, individual members of the board of
directors may have given different weight to different factors.
Autoweb's board
of directors considered all these factors together and concluded that the risks
were outweighed by the potential benefits of the merger.

     
For the reasons discussed above, Autoweb's board of directors has approved
the merger and the transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement and
has determined that the merger and the transactions contemplated by the
acquisition agreement are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of
Autoweb and its stockholders, and recommends that Autoweb stockholders vote for
approval of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the acquisition
agreement.


OPINION OF AUTOBYTEL'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Autobytel engaged Lehman Brothers to render its opinion with respect to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to Autobytel of the consideration to
be paid by Autobytel in the proposed merger.
On March 29, 2001, Lehman Brothers
rendered its opinion, that as of such date and, based on and subject to certain
matters stated therein, from a financial point of view, the consideration to be
paid by Autobytel in the proposed merger was fair to Autobytel.
Based upon the
conversion ratio of Autobytel common stock for Autoweb's common stock of 0.3553,
the total consideration consisted of 34% of the stock of the combined company.


THE FULL TEXT OF LEHMAN BROTHERS' WRITTEN OPINION DATED MARCH 29, 2001 IS
ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (THE "LEHMAN
OPINION") AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.
STOCKHOLDERS MAY READ THE
LEHMAN OPINION FOR A DISCUSSION OF ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND
LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LEHMAN BROTHERS IN RENDERING ITS
OPINION.
THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE LEHMAN OPINION AND THE METHODOLOGY
THAT LEHMAN BROTHERS USED TO RENDER ITS FAIRNESS OPINION.

     
The Lehman Opinion was provided for the information and assistance of the
Autobytel board of directors in connection with its consideration of the
proposed merger.
The Lehman Opinion is not intended to be and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should
vote on the proposed merger.
Lehman Brothers was not requested to opine as to,
and the Lehman Opinion does not in any matter address, (1) Autobytel's
underlying business decision to proceed with or effect the proposed merger, or
(2) any part of the proposed merger on a separate basis.
The consideration to be
paid in the proposed merger was determined through arm's length negotiations
between Autobytel and Autoweb, and was approved by the Autobytel board of
directors.
Lehman Brothers neither provided advice to the Autobytel board of
directors during such negotiations nor recommended any specific consideration to
the Autobytel board of directors or that any specific consideration would
constitute the only appropriate consideration for the proposed merger.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed:

     - the draft acquisition agreement and the specific terms of the proposed
       merger;

     - publicly available information concerning Autobytel that Lehman Brothers
       believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Autobytel's Annual
       Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999,
       Autobytel's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March
       31,

       June 30, and September 30, 2000 and Autobytel's earnings release for the
       quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2000;

     - financial and operating information with respect to the business,
       operations and prospects of Autobytel furnished to Lehman Brothers by
       Autobytel;

     - publicly available information concerning Autoweb that Lehman Brothers
       believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Autoweb's Annual
       Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999,
       Autoweb's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31,
       June 30, and September 30, 2000 and Autoweb's earnings release for the
       quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2000;

     - financial and operating information with respect to the business,
       operations and prospects of Autoweb furnished to Lehman Brothers by
       Autoweb and Autobytel;

     - a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial
       condition of Autoweb and Autobytel with those of other companies that
       Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     - the potential pro forma financial effects of the combination of the
       businesses of Autobytel and Autoweb, including the cost savings,
       operating synergies and strategic benefits expected by the managements of
       Autobytel and Autoweb to result from the proposed merger;

     - a comparison of the relative financial contributions of Autobytel and
       Autoweb to the combined company following consummation of the proposed
       merger; and

     - a comparison of the financial terms of the proposed transaction with the
       financial terms of certain other recent transactions that Lehman Brothers
       deemed relevant.

     
In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the managements of
Autobytel and Autoweb concerning their respective businesses, operations,
assets, financial conditions and prospects and undertook such other studies,
analyses and investigations as Lehman Brothers deemed appropriate.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by it
without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of such
information and further relied upon the assurances of managements of Autobytel
and Autoweb that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would
make such information inaccurate or misleading.
With respect to the financial
projections of Autoweb furnished to Lehman Brothers by Autoweb and Autobytel,
respectively, upon advice of Autoweb and Autobytel, respectively, Lehman
Brothers assumed that such projections were reasonably prepared on a basis
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
respective managements of Autoweb and Autobytel as to the future financial
performance of Autoweb and that Autoweb would perform substantially in
accordance with such projections.
However, given that Autoweb's recent financial
performance had not met the projections of Autoweb's management in the past,
Lehman Brothers also prepared and considered more conservative financial
projections based upon the strong possibility that Autoweb would underperform
management's projections in the future.
Lehman Brothers discussed these adjusted
projections with the management of Autobytel and they agreed with the
appropriateness of the use of such adjusted projections in performing Lehman
Brothers' analysis.
With respect to the financial projections of Autobytel, upon
advice of Autobytel, Lehman Brothers assumed that such projections were
reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates
and judgments of the management of Autobytel, as to the future financial
performance of Autobytel and that Autobytel would perform substantially in
accordance with such projections.
However, for purposes of its analysis, Lehman
Brothers considered certain somewhat more conservative assumptions and estimates
which resulted in certain adjustments to the projections of Autobytel.
Lehman
Brothers discussed these adjusted projections with the management of Autobytel
and they agreed with the appropriateness of the use of such adjusted projections
in performing Lehman Brothers' analysis.
With respect to cost savings, operating
synergies and strategic benefits expected by the managements of Autobytel and
Autoweb to result from the proposed transaction, Lehman Brothers assumed that
such cost savings, operating synergies and strategic benefits would be realized
substantially in

accordance with such expectations.
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers
conducted only a limited physical inspection of the properties and facilities of
Autobytel and Autoweb and did not make or obtain any evaluations or appraisals
of the assets or liabilities of Autobytel or Autoweb.
Lehman Brothers' opinion
necessarily was based upon market, economic and other conditions as they existed
on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of such opinion.

     
In connection with the preparation and delivery of its opinion to
Autobytel's board of directors, Lehman Brothers performed a variety of financial
and comparative analyses, as described below.
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman
Brothers did not ascribe a specific range of value to Autobytel or Autoweb, but
rather made its determination as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to Autobytel of the consideration to be paid by Autobytel in the proposed
merger on the basis of financial and comparative analyses.
The preparation of a
fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial and comparative analysis and the application of
those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is
not readily susceptible to summary description.
Lehman Brothers believes that
its analyses must be considered as a whole and that considering any portion of
such analyses and factors, without considering all analyses and factors, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.
In
its analyses, Lehman Brothers made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Autobytel and Autoweb.
Any estimates contained
in these analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive
of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than as set forth therein.
None of Autobytel, Autoweb, Lehman Brothers or any
other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different
from those discussed.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses
do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses
actually may be sold.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by
Lehman Brothers in connection with providing its opinion to the Autobytel board
of directors.
Certain of the summaries of financial analyses include information
presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses
used by Lehman Brothers, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.
Accordingly, the analyses listed in the tables and described
below must be considered as a whole.
Considering any portion of such analyses
and of the factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying the
Lehman Opinion.

     
In evaluating the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration to be paid by Autobytel in the proposed transaction, Lehman
Brothers evaluated Autoweb's contribution to the business, operating assets and
balance sheet of Autobytel using widely accepted methodologies, including
revenue contribution, comparable companies and comparable transaction analyses.

Lehman Brothers believed that these methodologies were particularly relevant,
given the fact that the consideration to be paid by Autobytel in the proposed
transaction represents the right of Autoweb's stockholders to receive 34% of
Autobytel's outstanding shares of common stock, as determined on the day of the
signing of the acquisition agreement and after giving effect to the shares
issued to Autoweb's stockholders.
Based on all of these methodologies, the
exchange ratio range implied a pro forma ownership of Autobytel by Autoweb
stockholders of 34% to 46%.
In performing these analyses, Lehman Brothers relied
on two cases of financial projections: a base case and a conservative case.
The
base case (the "Base Case") was based on projections provided to Lehman Brothers
by Autobytel and Autoweb.
The conservative case (the "Conservative Case") was
based on the adjusted projections prepared by Lehman Brothers after making
certain adjustments to managements' projections to reflect certain somewhat more
conservative assumptions and estimates.

     
Contribution Analysis.
Lehman Brothers analyzed the respective
contributions of Autobytel and Autoweb to the estimated calendar years 2001 and
2002 revenues of the combined company in the Base Case and Conservative Case as
described above.
This analysis indicated the following relative contributions

of Autobytel and Autoweb and the pro forma equity ownership of holders of
Autobytel and Autoweb common stock in the combined company:

                                               2001E CONTRIBUTION                2002E CONTRIBUTION
                                         ------------------------------    ------------------------------
              KEY METRIC                 BASE CASE    CONSERVATIVE CASE    BASE CASE    CONSERVATIVE CASE
              ----------                 ---------    -----------------    ---------    -----------------

REVENUES
  Autobytel............................    58.7%            66.2%            57.1%            67.4%
  Autoweb..............................    41.3%            33.8%            42.9%            32.6%
PRO FORMA EQUITY OWNERSHIP
  Autobytel............................                             66%
  Autoweb..............................                             34%

     From the average revenue contribution for 2001 and 2002 in the Base and
Conservative Case projections, an implied equity value range of the combined
company was assumed according to Autobytel's market value as of March 26, 2001.

From this range, a corresponding range of Autoweb equity values was implied
using Autoweb's average revenue contribution range.
Subsequently, Lehman
Brothers adjusted for the differences in the two companies' balance sheets,
operating items, marketing contracts and employee contracts and severance
agreements, as well as expected synergies for the combined company, to determine
a pro forma equity ownership range of 57.0% to 64.5% for Autobytel and 43.0% to
35.5% for Autoweb in the Base and Conservative Case, respectively.
Lehman
Brothers noted that Autoweb's pro forma ownership of 34% was below both of the
implied ownership ranges.

     Comparable Companies Analysis.
In order to assess how the public market
values shares of similar publicly traded companies, Lehman Brothers reviewed and
compared specific financial and operating data relating to Autoweb with selected
companies that Lehman Brothers deemed comparable to Autoweb, including
Amazon.com, Ashford.com, Barnesandnoble.com, Beyond.com, Buy.com, Drugstore.com,
Egghead.com, Etoys, Expedia, Peapod and Planetrx.com.
Using publicly available
information, Lehman Brothers calculated and analyzed each company's enterprise
value to its historical and projected revenues.
The enterprise value of each
company was obtained by adding short and long term debt, the market value of its
diluted common equity and the book value of any minority interest, and
subtracting cash and cash equivalents.
As of March 26, 2001, the comparable
companies median enterprise multiple of actual calendar year 2000 and projected
2001 revenues were 0.16x and 0.10x, respectively.

     
Using a range based upon the projected 2001 revenue multiple for similar
publicly traded companies between 0.00x and 0.15x, Lehman Brothers calculated
the implied range of Autoweb's equity ownership to be between 41% to 48% in the
Base Case and 41% to 46% in the Conservative Case.
Lehman Brothers noted that
Autoweb's pro forma ownership of 34% was below both of the implied ownership
ranges.

     
However, because of the inherent differences between the business,
operations and prospects of Autoweb and the business, operations and prospects
of the companies included in the comparable companies, Lehman Brothers believed
that it was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the
quantitative results of the comparable company analysis and accordingly also
made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the financial and
operating characteristics and prospects of Autoweb and the companies included in
the comparable company analysis that would affect the public trading values of
each.

     
Comparable Transaction Analysis.
Lehman Brothers reviewed publicly
available information with respect to various transactions involving comparable
public Internet business to consumer ("B-to-C") companies.
In particular, Lehman
Brothers reviewed nine such transactions that have occurred since October 23,
1998 and determined the forward revenue multiples in these comparable
transactions.
Due to the large discrepancy between market values at the time of
such transactions and the current market values of B-to-C companies, the forward
revenue valuation multiples of the selected transactions were adjusted by an
index of similar publicly traded companies used in the comparable company
analysis as of March 26, 2001.
The median enterprise multiple of forward year
revenues in the comparable transactions was 0.13x.
Using a range based upon the
forward 2001 revenue multiple for Autoweb of 0.05x to 0.20x,

Lehman Brothers calculated the implied range of Autoweb's equity ownership in
the combined company to be 43% to 47% in the conservative case and 43% to 50% in
the base case.
Lehman Brothers noted that the comparable transaction analysis
supported its opinion, since the pro forma equity ownership of the Autoweb
shareholders in Autobytel will be 34% after consummation of the proposed
transaction.

     
Lehman Brothers is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
and, as part of its investment banking activities, is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.
Autobytel's board of directors
selected Lehman Brothers because of its expertise, reputation and familiarity
with Autobytel and because its investment banking professionals have experience
in transactions comparable to the merger.

     
As compensation for its services in connection with the merger, Autobytel
has paid Lehman Brothers a customary fee.
In addition, Autobytel has agreed to
indemnify Lehman Brothers for certain liabilities that may arise out of its
engagement by Autobytel and the rendering of the Lehman Opinion.

     
In the ordinary course of its business, Lehman Brothers may actively trade
in equity securities of Autobytel and Autoweb for its own account and for the
accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.


OPINION OF AUTOWEB'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Autoweb retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the merger.
In connection with Credit
Suisse First Boston's engagement, Autoweb requested that Credit Suisse First
Boston evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange
ratio provided for in the merger to holders of Autoweb common stock.
On March
31, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors met to review the proposed merger.

During this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed with the board of
directors of Autoweb certain financial analyses, as described below.
Also at
this meeting on March 31, 2001, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the
Autoweb board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing,
that, as of March 31, 2001, based upon and subject to the various considerations
set forth in the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, the exchange ratio in the
merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Autoweb common
stock.

     
The full text of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, which sets forth,
among other things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Credit Suisse First
Boston in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

Autoweb stockholders are urged to, and should, read the Credit Suisse First
Boston opinion carefully in its entirety.
The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion
addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date
of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, of the exchange ratio to holders of
Autoweb common stock, and does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote or act on any matter relating
to the proposed merger.
The summary of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.

     
In connection with its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston, among other
things,

     - reviewed a draft of the acquisition agreement dated March 29, 2001;

     - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       relating to Autoweb and Autobytel;

     - reviewed certain other information relating to Autoweb and Autobytel,
       including financial forecasts, provided to it by or discussed with
       Autoweb and Autobytel, and met with the managements of Autoweb and
       Autobytel to discuss the businesses and prospects of Autoweb and
       Autobytel;

     - considered certain financial and stock market data of Autoweb and
       Autobytel and compared that data with similar data for other publicly
       held companies in businesses similar to those of Autoweb and Autobytel;

     - considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
       certain other business combinations and other transactions which have
       recently been effected or announced; and

     - considered such other information, financial studies, analyses and
       investigations and financial, economic and market criteria which Credit
       Suisse First Boston deemed relevant.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston also relied upon the views of the managements of
Autoweb and Autobytel concerning the business, operational and strategic
benefits and implications of the merger, including financial forecasts provided
to Credit Suisse First Boston by Autoweb relating to synergies and operating
cost savings expected to be achieved through the combination of the operations
of Autoweb and Autobytel.

     
In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume
any responsibility for independent verification of any of the foregoing
information and relied on such information being complete and accurate in all
material respects.
With respect to the financial forecasts for Autoweb and
Autobytel that it reviewed, Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and assumed,
that such forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the managements of Autoweb and
Autobytel as to the future financial performance of Autoweb and Autobytel,
respectively, and the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of Autoweb as to the cost savings and other potential synergies
(including the amount, timing and achievability thereof) anticipated to result
from the merger.
In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston relied, without
independent verification, on the assessments of the management of Autoweb with
respect to (i) the future cash and other resource requirements of Autoweb and
Autobytel and (ii) the business and financial implications of Autoweb's failure
to engage in the merger or another similar transaction.
Autoweb also informed
Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, that the
merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax
purposes.
Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did not
make, an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of Autoweb or Autobytel, nor was Credit Suisse First
Boston furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals.
The Credit Suisse
First Boston opinion is necessarily based upon information available to it as of
the date of the opinion and upon financial, economic, market and other
conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on the date of the opinion.

Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the value of
the Autobytel common stock actually will be when issued to the holders of
Autoweb common stock pursuant to the merger or the prices at which shares of
Autobytel common stock will trade at any time.
Further, the Credit Suisse First
Boston opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger as compared to
other business combinations that might be available to Autoweb nor does it
address Autoweb's underlying business decision to effect the merger.
Credit
Suisse First Boston relied as to certain legal matters on the advice of counsel
to Autoweb as provided to Autoweb.
In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston
assumed that the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the
draft acquisition agreement reviewed by Credit Suisse First Boston without
material alteration thereof.

     
In preparing its opinion to the Autoweb board of directors, Credit Suisse
First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses.
The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Credit Suisse First
Boston believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading view of the
processes underlying the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.
No company or
transaction used in the analysis performed by Credit Suisse First Boston as a
comparison is identical to Autoweb, Autobytel or the proposed merger.
In
addition, Credit Suisse First Boston may have given various analyses more or
less weight than other analyses, and may have deemed various assumptions more or
less probable than other assumptions, so that the range of valuation resulting
from any particular analysis described below should not be taken to be Credit
Suisse First Boston's view of the actual value of Autoweb or Autobytel.
In
performing its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry

performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Autoweb or Autobytel.
The analyses performed by
Credit Suisse First Boston are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of
businesses or assets do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect
the prices at which businesses or assets may actually be sold.
The analyses
performed were prepared solely as part of Credit Suisse First Boston's analysis
of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to
holders of Autoweb common stock and were provided to the board of directors of
Autoweb in connection with the delivery of the Credit Suisse First Boston
opinion.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Credit Suisse First Boston in connection with the preparation of its opinion,
and reviewed with the Autoweb board of directors at a meeting of the Autoweb
board of directors held on March 31, 2001.
Certain of the summaries of those
financial analyses include information presented in tabular format.
In order to
understand fully the material financial analyses used by Credit Suisse First
Boston, the tables should be read together with the text of each summary.
The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the material financial
analyses.

     
Comparative Stock Price Performance.
Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
the recent stock price performance of Autoweb and Autobytel and compared their
combined performance with indices comprised of the selected companies in each of
the Internet industry and the business-to-consumer Internet ("B2C") industry and
the Nasdaq composite index over the period from January 3, 2000 through March
29, 2001.
The following table sets forth the decrease in stock prices over such
period:

                                                   STOCK PRICE
                                                  DECREASE FROM
                                                 JANUARY 3, 2000
                                                 ---------------

Autoweb and Autobytel..........................       (93.7)%
Internet Companies.............................       
(63.6)%
B2C Companies..................................       (81.0)%
Nasdaq.........................................       (55.9)%

     Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed the recent stock price performance
of Autoweb and Autobytel and compared their individual performances with indices
comprised of selected companies of the portal sector of the Internet industry
and the Nasdaq composite index over the period from March 23, 1999 through March
29, 2001.
The following table sets forth the decrease in stock prices over such
period:

                                                  STOCK PRICE
                                                 DECREASE FROM
                                                 MARCH 23, 1999
                                                 --------------

Autoweb........................................      (99.5)%
Autobytel......................................      
(96.0)%
Portal Companies...............................      (43.6)%
Nasdaq.........................................      (21.6)%

     Autoweb Historical Stock Trading Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston
analyzed the prices at which Autoweb common stock traded from March 23, 1999
through March 29, 2001.
Credit Suisse First Boston noted that the high closing
price of Autoweb common stock was $40.00 on March 23, 1999, and that the low
closing price of Autoweb common stock was $0.19 on March 26, 2001.
Credit Suisse
First Boston also noted the average closing price of Autoweb common stock over
various periods prior to March 29, 2001, as summarized below:

                PERIOD PRIOR TO                      AVERAGE
                 MARCH 29, 2001                   CLOSING PRICE
                ---------------                   
-------------

March 29, 2001..................................      $0.22
Last 5 trading days.............................      $0.22
Last 10 trading days............................      $0.23
Last 30 trading days............................      $0.33
Last 60 trading days............................      $0.38
Last 90 trading days............................      $0.38

     Autoweb Cash Burn Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed Autoweb's
cash resources and its estimated cash requirements for 2001 and 2002.
Credit
Suisse First Boston noted that Autoweb had $22.4 million in cash at February 28,
2001 and that, on a normalized basis, Autoweb used $9.1 million in cash during
the fourth quarter of 2000, before working capital adjustments.
Credit Suisse
First Boston noted that, based on this cash burn rate, Autoweb had 7.4 months of
cash on hand as of February 28, 2001.
Credit Suisse First Boston also noted that
Autoweb's forecasts indicated that Autoweb would have a minimal amount of cash
before it would become profitable.

     
Public Company Trading Valuation Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston
compared certain financial information of Autoweb and Autobytel with that of
other companies involved in the Internet industry and the B2C industry,
including:

  Internet Companies:                        B2C Companies:

     - AOL Time Warner Inc.                     - Ebay Inc.
     - Yahoo Inc.                               - Amazon.com Inc.
     - Electronic Arts Inc.                     - Travelocity.com Inc.
     - Terra Networks S
A                       - Expedia Inc.
     - Homestore.com Inc.                       - Priceline.com Inc.
     - CNET Networks Inc.                       - Barnesandnoble.com Inc.
                                                - Webvan Group Inc.
                                                - drugstore.com Inc.
                                                - Ashford.com Inc.
                                                - Beyond.com Corp.

     Such information included, among other things, stock prices as multiples of
estimated earnings per share for calendar years 2001 and 2002, and the multiples
of aggregate value, defined as market capitalization plus total debt less cash
and cash equivalents, to estimated revenue for calendar years 2001 and 2002.
The
multiples were calculated using publicly available information and consensus
forecasts by securities research analysts.
The analysis was based upon the
closing stock prices for all of the companies as of March 29, 2001 and consensus
estimates of securities research analysts.
With respect to Autoweb and
Autobytel, the analysis was based upon the latest available estimates of
securities research analysts,

which estimates for Autoweb were higher than the estimates provided to Credit
Suisse First Boston by Autoweb's management.
The following table summarizes the
results of this analysis:

                                                                                    AGGREGATE
                                                                                 VALUE/ESTIMATED
                                                             PRICE/EARNINGS        REVENUE FOR
                                                                MULTIPLES         CALENDAR YEAR
                                                             ---------------     
---------------
                                                             2001      2002      2001      2002
                                                             -----     
-----     -----     
-----

Autoweb....................................................  
10.1x      0.4x       NM        NM
Autobytel..................................................     NM     12.9x       NM        NM
Internet Companies
  (median).................................................  50.3x     40.7x     4.6x      3.5x
  (mean)...................................................  62.0x     45.2x     5.1x      3.9x
B2C Companies
  (median).................................................  90.3x     25.6x     0.9x      1.1x
  (mean)...................................................  
90.3x     30.7x     2.5x      2.2x

     Autoweb Liquidation Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed Autoweb's
assets and liabilities and calculated, based on management estimates, that the
costs of liquidation would exceed Autoweb's assets by $0.6 million to $7.9
million.
The following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

Total assets proceeds.........................    $31.1 - $38.4 million
Total liabilities.............................           
$(2.5) million
Total shutdown costs..........................          
$(12.2) million
Cash burn to liquidation......................           $(2.0) million
Contract costs................................          $(22.3) million
Net assets distributable to shareholders......  $(7.9) - $(0.6) million

     Autobytel Historical Stock Trading Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston
analyzed the prices at which Autobytel common stock traded from March 26, 1999
through March 29, 2001.
Credit Suisse First Boston noted that the high closing
price of Autobytel common stock was $41.88 on March 31, 1999, and that the low
closing price of Autobytel common stock was $1.63 on March 29, 2001.
Credit
Suisse First Boston also noted the average closing price of Autobytel common
stock over various periods prior to March 29, 2001, as summarized below:

                PERIOD PRIOR TO                      AVERAGE
                 MARCH 29, 2001                   CLOSING PRICE
                ---------------                   
-------------

March 29, 2001..................................      $1.63
Last 5 trading days.............................      $1.75
Last 10 trading days............................      $1.82
Last 30 trading days............................      $1.98
Last 60 trading days............................      $2.19
Last 90 trading days............................      $2.35

     Autobytel Cash Burn Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the cash
resources of Autobytel and its estimated cash requirements for 2001.
Credit
Suisse First Boston noted that Autobytel had $77.5 million in cash at February
28, 2001 and that, on a normalized basis, Autobytel used $2.8 million in cash
during the fourth quarter of 2000, before working capital adjustments.
Credit
Suisse First Boston noted that, based on this cash burn rate, Autobytel had 84.0
months of cash on hand as of February 28, 2001.

     
Transaction Matrix.
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated several values
implied by the exchange ratio of 0.3553x, including the implied price per
Autoweb share, the premium of such implied price to recent Autoweb trading
prices, the implied fully diluted equity value of Autoweb and the implied pro

forma fully diluted ownership of Autobytel by Autoweb stockholders.
The
following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

             PREMIUM REPRESENTED BY IMPLIED
                 PRICE PER AUTOWEB SHARE
             -------------------------------                            
PRO FORMA FULLY
                                                                       DILUTED OWNERSHIP
               MARCH 29,                                         -----------------------------
 IMPLIED         2001         30-DAY AVERAGE       IMPLIED
PRICE PER    AUTOWEB
PRICE    AUTOWEB PRICE     AUTOWEB FULLY                       AUTOWEB
 AUTOWEB     -------------    --------------       DILUTED         AUTOBYTEL       OWNERSHIP
  SHARE          $0.22            $0.33         EQUITY VALUE     SHARES ISSUED    IN AUTOBYTEL
- ---------    -------------    
--------------    -------------    -------------    ------------

  $0.58         163.9%            73.2%         $17 million      10.6 million        34.0%

     
Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston compared the
average of the exchange ratios of the closing price of Autoweb common stock to
the closing price of Autobytel common stock for each trading day over various
periods ended March 29, 2001.
The following table sets forth such average
exchange ratios for various periods ended March 29, 2001 and the
premium/(discount) represented by the average exchange ratios when compared to
the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.3553x:

                                                      PREMIUM/(DISCOUNT) OF
                                       AVERAGE         THE MERGER EXCHANGE
         PERIOD PRIOR TO            EXCHANGE RATIO    RATIO OVER THE AVERAGE
          MARCH 29, 2001             OVER PERIOD          EXCHANGE RATIO
         ---------------            
--------------    ----------------------

March 29, 2001....................      0.135x                163.9%
Last 10 trading days..............      0.125x                183.2%
Last 30 trading days..............      0.166x                113.5%
Last 60 trading days..............      
0.174x                103.8%
Last 90 trading days..............      
0.164x                116.5%
Last 180 trading days.............      
0.225x                 58.3%

Since March 26, 1999..............      0.526x                (32.5)%

     Precedent Transaction Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed 84
precedent transactions in the software/internet industry and calculated the
implied premiums paid in such transactions over the market price of the acquired
company prior to the announcement of such transactions.
Credit Suisse First
Boston also calculated the price per Autoweb share implied by premiums at the
top of each range considered.
The following table summarizes the results of this
analysis:

                                                        AVERAGE PREMIUM AS A PERCENTAGE OF
                                                           ACQUIRED COMPANY SHARE PRICE
                                               
-----------------------------------------------------
                                               0 - 20%     20 - 40%    40 - 60%    60 - 80%    >80%
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    
-----

Percentage of Deals..........................      
33%         26%         26%          7%         7%
Autoweb Share Price Implied by a premium at
  top of range...............................   $0.26       $0.31       $0.35       $0.40      $0.44(1)
Percentile of Deals Above this Price.........      67%         41%         14%          7%         4%

- -------------------------
(1) Based on a premium of 100%.

     
No transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent transaction
analyses is identical to the merger.
In evaluating the merger, Credit Suisse
First Boston made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of Autobytel and Autoweb, such as the
impact of competition on the businesses of Autobytel and Autoweb and the
industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material
change in the financial condition and prospects of Autobytel and Autoweb or the
Internet industry or in the financial markets in general.
Mathematical analysis,
such as determining the average or the median, is not in itself a meaningful
method of using comparable transaction data.

     
Synergy Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston considered the effects of
potential synergies on the estimated pro forma results of operations of the
combined company after the merger.
This analysis was based solely upon the
estimates of the management of Autoweb of the synergies that the combined

company might be able to achieve following completion of the merger.
The
management of Autobytel did not provide estimates of potential synergies to
Autoweb or Credit Suisse First Boston.
The actual synergies achieved by the
combined company after the merger may vary from the potential synergies
estimated by Autoweb's management and the variations may be material.
Based upon
the estimates of Autoweb's management, Credit Suisse First Boston noted that the
combined company could achieve revenue synergies of approximately $2.7 million
in 2001 and approximately $7.2 million in 2002 and cost synergies of
approximately $4.2 million in 2001 and approximately $12.0 million in 2002.

     
Pro Forma Combined Cash Burn Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed
the pro forma cash resources of the combined company and its estimated cash
requirements for 2001.
Credit Suisse First Boston noted that the combined
company would have had approximately $99.9 million in cash at February 28, 2001
and that the combined company would have used $11.9 million in cash during the
fourth quarter of 2000.
Credit Suisse First Boston noted that, based on this
cash burn rate, the combined company had 25.3 months of cash on hand as of
February 28, 2001.
This cash burn rate was based upon historical cash burn rates
and did not reflect any potential synergies that might be achieved by the
combined company after the merger.

     
Contribution Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the relative
contributions of Autoweb and Autobytel to the pro forma total revenues, total
cash, fully-diluted equity value and fully-diluted aggregate value of the
combined company.
This analysis was based upon the latest available estimates of
securities research analysts for Autoweb and Autobytel, which estimates for
Autoweb were higher than the estimates provided to Credit Suisse First Boston by
Autoweb's management.
The following table summarizes the results of this
analysis:

                                                  AUTOWEB      AUTOBYTEL
                                                 PERCENTAGE    PERCENTAGE
                                                 ----------    ----------

Estimated 2001 Revenues........................     37.3%         62.7%
Total Cash.....................................     22.4%         77.6%
Fully-diluted Equity Value.....................     16.3%         83.7%
Fully-diluted Aggregate Value..................       NM            NM

     As a result of both Autoweb and Autobytel having negative aggregate values,
Credit Suisse First Boston noted that the relative contributions of Autoweb and
Autobytel to the combined company's pro forma revenues did not imply
corresponding relative pro forma equity ownership.

     
Pro Forma Cash Impact Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed certain
pro forma effects expected to result from the merger, including the expected
impact of the merger on estimated cash per share of the combined company.
This
analysis indicated that Autoweb's cash per share as of February 28, 2001, when
adjusted for the settlement of existing contracts, would increase by 151.8% in
this situation.

     
Pro Forma Equity Value Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the
price per Autoweb share and premium to the Autoweb share price implied by the
pro forma equity value of the combined company calculated as the sum of the
equity values of each of Autoweb and Autobytel as of March 29, 2001.
The
following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                EQUITY VALUE                     IMPLIED
AUTOWEB EQUITY VALUE BASED ON PRO FORMA OWNERSHIP
            AS OF MARCH 29, 2001              ---------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------  PRO FORMA PRIMARY   IMPLIED EQUITY   IMPLIED PRICE   PERCENTAGE
  AUTOWEB        AUTOBYTEL       COMBINED         OWNERSHIP           VALUE          PER SHARE      PREMIUM
- ------------   -------------   -------------  
-----------------   --------------   -------------   ----------

$6.5 million   $33.1 million   $39.6 million        34.0%         $13.5 million        $0.46          108%

     Pro Forma Trading Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the price
per Autoweb share implied by the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.3553x,
assuming that Autobytel common stock traded at

various 2002 price/earnings multiples and price/earnings growth rate multiples.

The following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                                           AUTOBYTEL CURRENT VALUE BASED ON
                                                          2002 PRICE/ EARNINGS MULTIPLE AND
                                                         PRICE/ EARNINGS GROWTH RATE MULTIPLE
                                                        --------------------------------------

Price/Earnings Multiple...............................   1.8x    2.7x    3.8x    5.0x    10.0x
                                                        -----   -----   
-----   -----   ------
Price/Earnings Growth Rate Multiple...................   
0.1x    0.1x    0.2x    0.2x     0.4x
                                                        
-----   -----   
-----   -----   ------
Implied Autoweb Share Price (assuming no synergies)...  $0.22   $0.32   $0.45   $0.60   $ 1.20
Implied Autoweb Share Price (assuming synergies)......  $0.62   $0.90   $1.27   $1.69   $ 3.38

     Credit Suisse First Boston also calculated the future price per Autoweb
share implied by the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.3553x, assuming that
Autobytel common stock traded at various one-year forward price/earnings
multiples and price/earnings growth rate multiples.
The following table
summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                                            AUTOBYTEL FUTURE VALUE BASED ON
                                                     ONE-YEAR FORWARD PRICE/ EARNINGS MULTIPLE AND
                                                         PRICE/ EARNINGS GROWTH RATE MULTIPLE
                                                    -----------------------------------------------

Price/Earnings Multiple...........................    
6.3x     12.5x     18.8x     25.0x     37.5x
                                                    ------    
------    ------    ------    
------
Price/Earnings Growth Rate Multiple...............   
0.25x     0.50x     0.75x     1.00x     1.50x
                                                    ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
Implied Autoweb Share Price (assuming no
  synergies)......................................  $ 0.75    $ 1.50    $ 2.24    $ 2.99    $ 4.49
Implied Autoweb Share Price (assuming
  synergies)......................................  $ 2.11    $ 4.22    $ 6.33    $ 8.44    $12.66

     Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the value
of the Autobytel common stock actually will be when issued pursuant to the
merger or the prices at which shares of Autobytel common stock will trade at any
time.

     
The actual results achieved by the combined company after the merger may
vary from such estimated results and the variations may be material.

     
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion was one of many factors taken into
consideration by the Autoweb board of directors in making its determination to
recommend the acquisition agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Consequently, the analyses described above should not be viewed as determinative
of the opinion of the Autoweb board of directors or the management of Autoweb
with respect to the value of Autoweb or Autobytel or whether the Autoweb board
of directors would have been willing to agree to a different exchange ratio.

     
The Autoweb board of directors retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act
as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with the merger.
Credit Suisse
First Boston was selected by the Autoweb board of directors based on Credit
Suisse First Boston's qualifications, expertise and reputation.
Credit Suisse
First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking and advisory
firm.
Credit Suisse First Boston, as part of its investment banking business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings,
competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
In the past,
Credit Suisse First Boston has provided financial and investment banking
services to Autoweb for which it received compensation.
In the ordinary course
of its business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively
trade the equity securities of both Autoweb and Autobytel for their own accounts
and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long
or short position in such securities.

     
Pursuant to an engagement letter dated August 23, 2000, Autoweb engaged
Credit Suisse First Boston to provide financial advisory services to the Autoweb
board of directors in connection with strategic alternatives, including the
merger, including, among other things, rendering its opinion and making the
presentation referred to above.
Pursuant to the terms of the engagement letter,
Autoweb has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston a customary fee in
connection therewith.
Credit Suisse First Boston will also

receive a fee for rendering its opinion.
In addition, Autoweb has agreed to
reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorney's fees, incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify
Credit Suisse First Boston and certain related persons against certain
liabilities and expenses arising out of or in conjunction with its rendering of
services under its engagement, including liabilities arising under the federal
securities laws.


INTERESTS OF AUTOWEB DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND SIGNIFICANT STOCKHOLDERS
IN THE MERGER

     When considering the recommendation of Autoweb's board of directors that
stockholders approve the merger, you should be aware that some Autoweb
directors, employees and officers have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, your interests.
The Autoweb board of
directors was aware of these potential conflicts and considered them.
These
include:

     - Severance Payments.
Each of ten senior officers of Autoweb will receive
       severance payments equal to any unpaid base salary through the date of
       termination plus an amount equal to one year base salary plus an amount
       equal to a pro rated bonus based on the elapsed portion of the year up to
       a maximum of 35% of total annual base salary, in the event the officer is
       terminated without cause or terminates with good reason within one year
       following consummation of the merger.
In addition, fifteen other senior
       employees of Autoweb will be eligible to receive severance payments equal
       to three, four or six months of the employee's base salary if they are
       terminated without cause following consummation of the merger.

     - Accelerated Vesting.
Pursuant to the terms of letter agreements granting
       to ten senior officers of Autoweb change of control benefits, 75% of each
       officer's outstanding unvested options to purchase Autoweb common stock
       will vest on the consummation of the merger and the remainder will vest
       if within one year following the merger the officer is terminated without
       cause or terminates for good reason.

     - Employment.
Two new directors, Jeffrey Schwartz and Mark R. Ross, will be
       appointed to the Autobytel board.
In addition, some executive officers of
       Autoweb will become executive officers of Autobytel.
Autobytel has agreed
       to enter into an employment agreement with Jeffrey Schwartz upon the
       consummation of the merger and may enter into additional employment
       contracts with other employees of Autoweb.

     - Indemnification.
The directors and executive officers of Autoweb have
       customary rights to indemnification against certain liabilities.
Further,
       Autobytel has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
       for six years a policy of directors' and officers' liability insurance
       with respect to matters occurring on or before the effective time of the
       merger for the benefit of the directors and officers of Autoweb.

     
As a result, these directors, officers, employees and stockholders could be
more likely to vote in favor of recommending the acquisition agreement and the
merger than if they did not hold these interests.

COMPLETION AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE MERGER

     
The merger will be completed when all of the conditions to completion of
the merger are satisfied or waived, including approval and adoption of the
acquisition agreement and the merger by the stockholders of Autoweb and approval
of the issuance of Autobytel common stock in the merger by stockholders of
Autobytel.
We hope to complete the merger late in the second calendar quarter or
early in the third calendar quarter of 2001.
The merger will become effective
upon the filing of the certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of
Delaware.


STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER AND CONVERSION OF AUTOWEB COMMON STOCK

     Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, Autobytel Acquisition I Corp., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Autobytel, will merge with and into Autoweb.

Immediately following the merger, Autoweb will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Autobytel.

     
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of Autoweb common
stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.3553 shares of Autobytel
common stock.
No fractional shares of Autobytel common stock will be issued
pursuant to the merger.
In lieu thereof, each holder of shares of Autoweb common
stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Autobytel
common stock shall receive an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent)
equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the average closing price of
Autobytel common stock for the fifteen trading days immediately preceding the
last full trading day prior to the closing date of the merger, as reported on
the Nasdaq National Market.
The number of shares of Autobytel common stock
awarded in the merger, after aggregating all fractional shares of Autobytel
common stock, shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share.

     
Upon completion of the merger, Autobytel will assume options to purchase
shares of Autoweb common stock in connection with the merger.
The number of
shares of Autobytel common stock purchasable under each post-merger option will
be equal to the number of shares of Autoweb common stock underlying the option,
multiplied by the merger exchange ratio of 0.3553 shares of Autobytel common
stock for each share of Autoweb common stock.
The exercise price per share of
the Autobytel common stock issuable under each Autoweb option will equal the per
share exercise price of the Autoweb option divided by 0.3553.


EXCHANGE OF AUTOWEB STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR AUTOBYTEL STOCK CERTIFICATES

     When the merger is completed, Autobytel's exchange agent will mail to
Autoweb stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in
surrendering Autoweb stock certificates in exchange for Autobytel stock
certificates.
When former Autoweb stockholders deliver their Autoweb stock
certificates to the exchange agent along with an executed letter of transmittal
and any other required documents, the Autoweb stock certificates will be
canceled and former Autoweb stockholders will receive Autobytel stock
certificates representing the number of full shares of Autobytel common stock to
which they are entitled under the acquisition agreement.
They will receive
payment in cash, without interest, in lieu of any fractional shares of Autobytel
common stock which would have been otherwise issuable to them in the merger.

     
Autoweb stockholders should not submit their Autoweb stock certificates for
exchange until they receive the transmittal instructions and a form of letter of
transmittal from the exchange agent.


NO DIVIDENDS

     Autoweb stockholders are not entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions on Autobytel common stock until the merger is completed and they
have surrendered their Autoweb stock certificates in exchange for Autobytel
stock certificates.

     
Subject to the effect of applicable laws, promptly following surrender of
Autoweb stock certificates and the issuance of the corresponding Autobytel
certificates, Autoweb stockholders will be paid the amount of dividends or other
distributions, without interest, with a record date after the completion of the
merger which were previously paid with respect to their whole shares of
Autobytel common stock.

     
Autobytel will only issue Autoweb stockholders an Autobytel stock
certificate or a check in lieu of a fractional share in the name in which the
surrendered Autoweb stock certificate is registered.
If Autoweb stockholders
wish to have their certificates issued in another name they must present the
exchange agent with all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded
transfer of ownership and show that they paid any applicable stock transfer
taxes.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

     
The discussion below constitutes the opinions of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky &
Walker LLP and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., regarding the material
federal income tax considerations generally applicable to United States holders
of Autoweb common stock who, pursuant to the merger, exchange

their Autoweb common stock solely for Autobytel common stock and cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Autobytel common stock.
Consummation of the merger is
conditioned upon Autobytel's and Autoweb's receipt of opinions of their
respective counsel, confirming their opinions as described in this section
entitled "Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations," to the
effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

     
The opinions of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP and Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., set forth in this section entitled "Material United
States Federal Income Tax Considerations" are subject to certain limitations,
qualifications and assumptions and are based on certain facts and
representations, including representations contained in certificates executed by
officers of Autobytel and Autoweb.
The opinions have assumed the absence of
changes in relevant facts or in law between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the closing date and assume that the merger is effected
as described in the acquisition agreement and in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The opinions are not binding on the Internal Revenue
Service or the courts and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue
Service or the courts will not take a contrary view.
No ruling from the Internal
Revenue Service has been or will be sought.
The discussion below is based upon
current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, currently applicable U.S.
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and administrative
decisions and rulings.
Future legislative, judicial or administrative changes or
interpretations could alter or modify (including on a retroactive basis) the
discussion below.

     
The discussion below does not purport to deal with all aspects of United
States federal income taxation that may affect particular stockholders in light
of their individual circumstances, and is not intended for stockholders subject
to special treatment under federal income tax law.
Stockholders subject to
special treatment include, but are not limited to, insurance companies,
tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, broker-dealers, foreign
persons, stockholders who are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code, stockholders who hold their stock as part of a
hedge, appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion transaction,
stockholders who do not (or who will not at the time of the merger) hold their
stock as capital assets and stockholders who have acquired their stock upon the
exercise of employee options or otherwise as compensation.
In addition, the
discussion below does not consider the effect of any applicable state, local or
foreign tax laws and further does not consider any tax consequences of
transactions effectuated by stockholders subsequent to, or concurrently with,
the merger.
This discussion also does not describe tax consequences that are
generally assumed to be known by investors.

     
In the opinion of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP, counsel to
Autobytel, and in the opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., counsel
to Autoweb, the merger will constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

     
Assuming the merger constitutes a reorganization, subject to the
limitations and qualifications referred to herein, the following tax
consequences will result:

     - no gain or loss will be recognized by the holders of Autoweb common stock
       upon the receipt of Autobytel common stock solely in exchange for such
       Autoweb common stock in the merger, except as a result of cash received
       in lieu of fractional shares of Autobytel common stock;

     - cash payments received by holders of Autoweb common stock in lieu of a
       fractional share of Autobytel common stock will result in capital gain
       (or capital loss) measured by the difference between the cash payment
       received and the portion of the tax basis in the shares of Autoweb common
       stock surrendered that is allocable to such fractional share.
Such
       capital gain (or capital loss) will be long-term capital gain (or capital
       loss) if the shares of Autoweb common stock allocable to such fractional
       share have been held for more than one year at the effective time of the
       merger;

     - the aggregate tax basis of the Autobytel common stock received by Autoweb
       stockholders in the merger will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of
       the Autoweb common stock surrendered in

       exchange, reduced by any tax basis allocable to a fractional share of
       Autobytel common stock for which cash is received;

     - the holding period with respect to Autobytel common stock received by
       each Autoweb stockholder in the merger will include the holding period
       for the Autoweb common stock surrendered in exchange; and

     - no gain or loss will be recognized by Autobytel, Autoweb or the
       transitory subsidiary that merges into Autoweb solely as a result of the
       merger.


THE ABOVE DISCUSSION IS INTENDED ONLY AS A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL UNITED STATES
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE MERGER AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO
BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR DISCUSSION OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX EFFECTS RELEVANT
THERETO.
AUTOWEB STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO
THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING TAX RETURN
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND THE EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND FOREIGN TAX
LAWS.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT FOR THE MERGER

     Autobytel intends to account for the merger as an acquisition under the
purchase method of accounting for business combinations.


REGULATORY FILINGS AND APPROVALS REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

     
Although not expected by Autobytel and Autoweb, the merger may be subject
to review by the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission to
determine whether it is in compliance with applicable antitrust laws.
Should the
merger meet certain threshold requirements under the provisions of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, the merger may
not be consummated until the specified waiting period requirements of that Act
have been satisfied.
If required, Autobytel and Autoweb intend to file all
required notification reports, together with requests for early termination for
the waiting period, with the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended.
Certain Autoweb directors who will be directors of Autobytel after the
merger may also be required to file notification reports with the Federal Trade
Commission.
In addition, the completion of this merger is subject to the
effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, and compliance with applicable corporate laws of
Delaware.


CERTAIN SECURITIES LAWS CONSIDERATIONS

     The Autobytel common stock to be issued in the merger will be registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").
These
shares will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for
Autobytel common stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of
Autoweb or Autobytel.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with Autoweb or Autobytel and include officers and directors, as well as
principal stockholders.

     
Autoweb's affiliates may not sell their Autobytel common stock acquired in
the merger except pursuant to:

     - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
       resale of those shares;

     - an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

     - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

     
Autobytel's affiliates may not sell their Autobytel common stock acquired
in the merger except pursuant to:

     - Rule 144 under the Securities Act;

     - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
       resale of those shares; or

     - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     No dissenters' or appraisal rights are available in connection with the
merger or any of the transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement.

Delaware law does not provide for dissenters' or appraisal rights because
Autoweb's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market and because the
shares of Autobytel common stock that Autoweb stockholders will receive in the
merger will also be listed on the Nasdaq National Market.


LISTING ON THE NASDAQ MARKET OF AUTOBYTEL COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE
MERGER

     Autobytel has agreed to cause the shares of Autobytel common stock to be
issued in the merger to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market,
subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the effective time of the
merger.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF AUTOWEB COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

     
If the merger is completed, Autoweb's common stock will be delisted from
the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                           
THE ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the
acquisition agreement.
While Autobytel and Autoweb believe that the description
covers the material terms of the acquisition agreement, this summary may not
contain all of the information that is important to you.
The composite conformed
acquisition agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex A and Autobytel and Autoweb urge you to read it carefully.


GENERAL

     Following the adoption of the acquisition agreement and approval of the
merger by Autoweb stockholders and the satisfaction or waiver of the other
conditions to the merger, Autobytel Acquisition I Corp., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Autobytel, will merge into Autoweb.
Autoweb will survive the
merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Autobytel.
If all conditions to the
merger are satisfied or waived, the merger will become effective at the time of
the filing by the surviving corporation of a duly executed certificate of merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.


THE EXCHANGE RATIO AND TREATMENT OF AUTOWEB COMMON STOCK

     At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of
Autoweb common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.3553 shares
of Autobytel common stock, except that any shares owned by Autoweb and any
shares owned by Autobytel or Autobytel Acquisition I Corp. will be cancelled
without conversion.
Autobytel will adjust the exchange ratio to reflect any
reclassification, stock split, stock dividend, reorganization or other similar
change with respect to Autobytel common stock or Autoweb common stock occurring
before the effective time of the merger.

     
Based on the exchange ratio of 0.3553 shares of Autobytel common stock for
each outstanding share of Autoweb common stock, and based on the number of
shares of Autoweb common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2001, a total of
10,490,748 shares of Autobytel common stock will be issued in the merger.


TREATMENT OF AUTOWEB STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

     At the effective time of the merger, Autobytel will assume each outstanding
option issued under Autoweb's 1997 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Equity Incentive
Plan, 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 1999 Directors Stock Option Plan,
whether vested or unvested, to purchase shares of Autoweb common stock on
substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable prior to the
effective time of the merger, except that (i) the options will be exercisable
for shares of Autobytel common stock, and (ii) the number of shares of Autobytel
common stock which may be purchased will be equal to the number of shares of
Autoweb common stock underlying the option multiplied by 0.3553.
Any fractional
share of Autobytel common stock resulting from such adjustment will be rounded
down to the nearest whole number.
The exercise price per share of Autobytel
common stock issuable under each Autoweb option will equal the per share
exercise price of the Autoweb common stock purchasable under the Autoweb option
divided by 0.3553.
The exercise price will be rounded up to the nearest whole
cent.

     
Autobytel will reserve for issuance a sufficient number of its common stock
for delivery upon Autoweb optionholders' exercise of options.
If the shares of
Autobytel common stock underlying the assumed options have not already been
registered at the time the options are exercised, Autobytel will file a
registration statement on Form S-8 with respect to such shares within three
business days after the effective date of the merger.

     
Within thirty days after the effective time, Autobytel will issue to each
person who, immediately prior to the effective time was a holder of an assumed
option, a document evidencing the foregoing assumption of such option by
Autobytel.


EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

     After the effective time of the merger, Autobytel's exchange agent will
mail to each record holder of Autoweb common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for surrendering their certificates.
Only those holders who
properly surrender their certificates in accordance with the instructions will
receive certificates representing Autobytel common stock, cash in lieu of any
fractional Autobytel common stock and any dividends or distributions to which
they are entitled.
The surrendered certificates representing shares of Autoweb
common stock will be cancelled.
After the effective time of the merger, each
certificate representing shares of Autoweb common stock that has not been
surrendered will only represent the right to receive common stock of Autobytel,
cash in lieu of any fractional Autobytel common stock and dividends or
distributions.
Following the effective time of the merger, Autoweb will not
register any transfers of Autoweb common stock on its stock transfer books.

     
Autobytel will not issue any fractional common stock in the merger.

Instead, each holder of shares of Autoweb common stock exchanged in the merger
who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of common stock
of Autobytel will receive cash, without interest, equal to the fractional share
multiplied by the average closing price of Autobytel common stock for the
fifteen trading days immediately preceding the last full trading day prior to
the closing date of the merger, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.

     
After the effective date of the merger, no dividends or other distributions
declared or made after the closing of the merger with respect to Autobytel
common stock will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Autoweb certificate
and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares will be paid to any such holder
until the holder surrenders its Autoweb certificate in accordance with the
letter of transmittal.
Upon surrender, Autobytel will pay to the record holder
of the certificate, without interest, the amount of cash payable in lieu of
fractional shares to which the holder is entitled and any dividends or
distributions with respect to the Autobytel common stock to which the holder is
entitled which have a record date after the effective date of the merger.

     
If any Autoweb common stock certificate is lost, stolen or destroyed, an
Autoweb stockholder must provide an appropriate affidavit of that fact.

Autobytel may require an Autoweb stockholder to deliver a bond as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against Autobytel with respect to any lost,
stolen or destroyed certificate.


HOLDERS OF AUTOWEB COMMON STOCK SHOULD NOT SEND IN THEIR CERTIFICATES UNTIL THEY
RECEIVE A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE EXCHANGE AGENT.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Autobytel and Autoweb each made a number of representations and warranties
in the acquisition agreement regarding aspects of their respective businesses,
financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the merger.


Autoweb's Representations and Warranties

     Autoweb's representations and warranties include representations as to:

     - Autoweb's corporate organization and its qualification to do business;

     - Autoweb's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

     - Autoweb's capitalization;

     - authorization of the acquisition agreement by Autoweb;

     - the effect of the merger on obligations of Autoweb under applicable laws;

     - the vote of Autoweb stockholders required to approve the merger;

     - regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;

     - Autoweb's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission;

     - Autoweb's financial statements;

     - Autoweb's liabilities;

     - changes in Autoweb's business since September 30, 2000;

     - Autoweb's taxes;

     - intellectual property used by Autoweb;

     - interested party transactions;

     - validity of the voting agreement and that it is binding on Autoweb;

     - employees and employee benefits, including severance and termination
       payments;

     - Autoweb's compliance with applicable laws;

     - restrictions on the conduct of Autoweb's business;

     - permits required to conduct Autoweb's business and compliance with those
       permits;

     - litigation involving Autoweb;

     - payments, if any, required to be made by Autoweb to brokers and agents on
       account of the merger;

     - Autoweb's employee benefit plans;

     - Autoweb's title to the properties it owns and leases;

     - environmental laws that apply to Autoweb;

     - Autoweb's labor relations;

     - Autoweb's material contracts;

     - Autoweb's insurance coverage;

     - information supplied by Autoweb in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       and the related registration statement filed by Autobytel;

     - approval by the Autoweb board of directors;

     - Autoweb's dealers or customers;

     - Autoweb's minute books;

     - the completeness of Autoweb materials made available to Autobytel;

     - the truthfulness of Autoweb's statements of material fact or the lack of
       any Autoweb omission that would make its statements misleading;

     - the inapplicability of state takeover statues to the merger; and

     - the fairness opinion received by Autoweb from its financial advisor.

     
The representations and warranties of Autoweb expire at the effective time
of the merger.


Autobytel and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.
Representations and Warranties

     Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s representations and
warranties include representations as to:

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s corporate organization
       and their qualification to do business;

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s certificate of
       incorporation and bylaws;

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s capitalization;

     - authorization of the acquisition agreement by Autobytel and Autobytel
       Acquisition I Corp.;

     - the effect of the merger on obligations of Autobytel and Autobytel
       Acquisition I Corp. under applicable laws;

     - the vote of Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s stockholders
       required to approve the merger;

     - regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;

     - Autobytel's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission;

     - Autobytel's financial statements;

     - Autobytel's liabilities;

     - changes in Autobytel's business since September 30, 2000;

     - interested party transactions;

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s taxes;

     - intellectual property used by Autobytel and Autobytel Acquisition I
       Corp.;

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s compliance with
       applicable laws;

     - restrictions on the conduct of Autobytel's business;

     - permits required to conduct Autobytel's business and compliance with
       those permits;

     - litigation involving Autobytel and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.;

     - payments, if any, required to be made by Autobytel to brokers or agents
       because of the merger;

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s employee benefit plans;

     - Autobytel's title to the properties it owns and leases;

     - environmental laws applicable to Autobytel;

     - the inapplicability of state takeover statutes to the merger;

     - Autobytel's labor relations;

     - Autobytel's material contracts;

     - Autobytel's insurance coverage;

     - Autobytel's minute books;

     - the completeness of Autobytel materials made available to Autoweb;

     - the truthfulness of Autobytel's statements of material fact or the lack
       of any Autobytel omission that would make its statements misleading;

     - information supplied by Autobytel in this joint proxy
       statement/prospectus and the related registration statement filed by
       Autobytel;

     - approval by the Autobytel board of directors; and

     - the fairness opinion received by Autobytel from its financial advisor.

     
The representations and warranties of Autobytel and Autobytel Acquisition I
Corp. expire at the effective time of the merger.

     
The representations and warranties in the acquisition agreement are
complicated and not easily summarized.
You are urged to carefully read the
portions of the acquisition agreement entitled: "Representations and Warranties
of Company," relating to Autoweb and "Representations and Warranties of
Autobytel and Merger Sub," relating to Autobytel and Autobytel Acquisition I
Corp.

AUTOWEB'S CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BEFORE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Autoweb agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or
termination of the acquisition agreement or unless Autoweb receives Autobytel's
prior written consent, Autoweb will:

     - pay debts and taxes when due subject to good faith disputes over such
       debt and to file tax returns;

     - pay or perform other obligations when due;

     - use all reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies to
       preserve intact its present business organization;

     - use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and
       policies to keep available the services of its present officers and
       employees; and

     - use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and
       policies to preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
       distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business
       dealings.

     
Autoweb also agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the merger
or termination of the acquisition agreement or unless Autoweb receives
Autobytel's prior written consent, Autoweb will conduct its business in
compliance with certain specific restrictions relating to the following:

     - restricted stock and stock options;

     - employees and employee benefits, including severance and termination
       payments;

     - Autoweb's intellectual property;

     - any split, combination or reclassification of capital stock;

     - the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

     - the repurchase or acquisition of Autoweb common stock except in
       connection with the termination of an employee;

     - the issuance, encumbrance and redemption of securities;

     - modification of Autoweb's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

     - the acquisition of assets or other entities;

     - the sale, lease, license and disposition of assets;

     - the incurrence of indebtedness;

     - the adoption, amendment or increase of employee benefit plans, policies
       or arrangements;

     - payment or settlement of liabilities;

     - making of certain payments;

     - modification, amendment or termination of material contracts;

     - entrance into new material contracts;

     - accounting policies and procedures;

     - incurrence of obligations to make certain expenditures;

     - giving all notices required by applicable law;

     - terminating or waiving any right in excess of certain thresholds;

     - entering into or amending any agreement involving exclusive marketing or
       other exclusive rights;

     - commencing any lawsuit;

     - reducing amount of insurance coverage;

     - hiring of new employees;

     - revaluing assets;

     - entering into any operating agreement in excess of certain thresholds;

     - making of capital expenditures in excess of specified thresholds; and

     - any action that would make the representations and warranties in the
       acquisition agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent the performance of
       any covenant in the acquisition agreement.

     
The agreements related to the conduct of Autoweb's business in the
acquisition agreement are complicated and not easily summarized.
You are urged
to carefully read the sections of the acquisition agreement entitled "Conduct of
Business by Company," relating to Autoweb.


AUTOBYTEL'S CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BEFORE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Autobytel has agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the
merger or termination of the acquisition agreement or unless Autobytel receives
Autoweb's prior written consent, Autobytel will:

     - pay debts and taxes when due subject to good faith disputes over such
       debt and to file tax returns;

     - pay or perform other obligations when due;

     - use all reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies to
       preserve intact its present business organization;

     - use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and
       policies to keep available the services of its present officers and
       employees; and

     - use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and
       policies to preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
       distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business
       dealings.

     
Autobytel also agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the
merger or termination of the acquisition agreement or unless Autobytel receives
Autoweb's prior written consent, Autobytel will conduct its business in
compliance with certain specific restrictions relating to the following:

     - the repurchase or acquisition of Autobytel common stock except in
       connection with the termination of an employee;

     - any split, combination or reclassification of capital stock;

     - the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

     - the issuance of securities for less than fair market value;

     - amendment of Autobytel's certificate of incorporation; and

     - any action that would make the representations and warranties in the
       acquisition agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent the performance of
       any covenant in the acquisition agreement.


NO SOLICITATION BY AUTOWEB

     Autoweb further agreed to cease, as of the date of the acquisition
agreement, any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any
parties conducted prior to that date with respect to any "Takeover Proposal" as
defined below.

     
Until the merger is completed or the acquisition agreement is terminated,
Autoweb agreed not to, and agreed to direct its officers, directors, employees,
representatives or other agents not to, take any of the following actions:

     - solicit, initiate or encourage the making, submission or announcement of
       any Takeover Proposal;

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Takeover
       Proposal;

     - furnish to any person any information with respect to any Takeover
       Proposal;

     - any action that would make the representations and warranties in the
       acquisition agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent the performance of
       any covenant in the acquisition agreement;

     - knowingly take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making
       of any proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to
       any Takeover Proposal;

     - engage in discussions with any person with respect to any Takeover
       Proposal; or

     - subject to certain limited exceptions discussed below, approve, endorse
       or recommend any Takeover Proposal.

     
Autoweb's board may, without breaching the acquisition agreement, respond
to an unsolicited, bona fide written Takeover Proposal by discussing the
proposal with, and furnishing information to the party making the proposal, if
all of the following conditions are met:

     - Autoweb's board reasonably concludes that the proposal constitutes a
       "Superior Proposal" as defined below;

     - Autoweb's board determines in good faith, after considering the advice of
       its outside legal counsel, that its fiduciary obligations require it to
       do so;

     - Autoweb gives notice to Autobytel of the determination of a Superior
       Proposal by its board of directors, and Autoweb receives a customary
       confidentiality agreement from that party; and

     - when furnishing nonpublic information to the party making the proposal,
       Autoweb contemporaneously furnishes the same information to Autobytel.

     
A TAKEOVER PROPOSAL is any offer or proposal relating to any "Takeover
Transaction", as defined below, other than an offer, inquiry or proposal from
Autobytel.

     
A TAKEOVER TRANSACTION is any transaction or series of transactions, other
than the merger, involving any of the following:

     - the acquisition or purchase of 20% or more of the assets of Autoweb; or

     - any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
       involving Autoweb.

     
A SUPERIOR PROPOSAL is a Takeover Proposal if Autoweb's board of directors
has determined after considering the written opinion of its financial advisor
that such proposal is more favorable from a financial point of view to the
stockholders of Autoweb than the merger.

     
Autoweb has agreed to promptly inform Autobytel of any request for
information that Autoweb reasonably believes would lead to a Takeover
Transaction, or of any Takeover Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or
which Autoweb reasonably believes would lead to any Takeover Proposal, the
material terms and conditions of such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry.

Autoweb further agreed to keep Autobytel informed in all material respects of
the status and details of any such request, Takeover Proposal or

inquiry, and to provide Autobytel with advance notice of any agreement to or
endorsement of any Takeover Proposal or its withdrawal of its recommendation of
the merger.


CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     
The obligations of Autobytel and Autoweb to complete the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver, to the extent legally permissible, of each of the
following conditions before completion of the merger:

     - the acquisition agreement must be approved and adopted and the merger
       must be approved by the requisite vote of holders of Autoweb and
       Autobytel common stock;

     - Autobytel's registration statement on Form S-4 must be effective, no stop
       order suspending its effectiveness will be in effect and no proceedings
       for suspension of its effectiveness will have been initiated or
       threatened by the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - Autobytel's filing to list the Autobytel common stock to be issued in the
       merger shall have been made with the Nasdaq National Market;

     - Autoweb, Autobytel and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp. shall have timely
       obtained from each governmental entity all approvals, waivers or
       consents; and

     - no temporary restraining order or injunction, proceeding, law, regulation
       or order, that could prevent the merger or make the merger illegal, has
       been entered or begun.

     
Autoweb's obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the acquisition agreement are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver in writing of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

     - Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s representations and
       warranties must be true and correct as of the date the merger is to be
       completed as if made at and as of such time except:

      - to the extent Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s
        representations and warranties address matters only as of a particular
        date, they must be true and correct as of that date; and

      - if any of Autobytel's representations and warranties are not true and
        correct but the effect, in the aggregate, of the inaccuracies of these
        representations and breaches of these warranties, does not have a
        "Material Adverse Effect," as defined below, on Autobytel, then this
        condition will be deemed satisfied;

     - Autobytel must perform or comply in all material respects with all of its
       agreements and covenants required by the acquisition agreement to be
       performed or complied with by Autobytel at or before completion of the
       merger and deliver a certificate to Autoweb executed by its President and
       its Interim Chief Financial Officer or its Chief Financial Officer
       certifying that the conditions have been fulfilled;

     - no change has occurred since the date of the acquisition agreement that
       constitutes a Material Adverse Effect on Autobytel, determined without
       regard to whether such change constitutes a breach of a representation or
       warranty;

     - Autoweb must have received a tax opinion from Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
       Rosati, P.C.;

     - no merger or other business combination involving Autobytel or the
       acquisition in one or more transactions of all or substantially all of
       the assets of Autobytel shall have occurred after which Autobytel (or its
       successor) ceases to be in the automotive, internet, technology or media
       business; and

     - Autobytel shall have executed and delivered the employment agreement for
       Jeffrey Schwartz required by the acquisition agreement.

     
Autobytel's and Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.'s obligations to complete the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional
conditions before completion of the merger:

     - Autoweb's representations and warranties must be true and correct as of
       the date the merger is to be completed as if made at and as of such time
       except:

      - to the extent Autoweb's representations and warranties address matters
        only as of a particular date, they must be true and correct as of that
        date; and

      - if any of Autoweb's representations and warranties are not true and
        correct but the effect, in the aggregate, of the inaccuracies of these
        representations and breaches of these warranties, does not have a
        Material Adverse Effect on Autoweb, then this condition will be deemed
        satisfied;

     - Autoweb must perform or comply in all material respects with all of its
       agreements and covenants required by the acquisition agreement to be
       performed or complied with by Autoweb at or before completion of the
       merger and deliver a certificate to Autobytel executed by its President
       and its Chief Financial Officer certifying that the conditions have been
       fulfilled;

     - no change has occurred since the date of the acquisition agreement that
       constitutes a Material Adverse Effect on Autoweb, determined without
       regard to whether such change constitutes a breach of a representation or
       warranty;

     - Autoweb shall have obtained all consents, waivers and approvals required
       with respect to identified contracts;

     - not more than 15% of Autoweb common stock will constitute dissenting
       shares;

     - Autobytel must have received a tax opinion from Paul, Hastings, Janofsky
       & Walker LLP;

     - Autoweb must furnish evidence satisfactory to Autobytel of the amendment
       or termination of the letter agreement specified in the acquisition
       agreement; and

     - no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or
       other order restricting Autobytel's conduct or operation of the business
       of Autoweb has been issued.

     
A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT is any effect that individually or taken together
with other effects is materially adverse to (i) the condition (financial or
otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business, operations or results of
operations of an entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) the
ability of an entity to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
acquisition agreement; provided, however, that no Material Adverse Effect shall
be deemed to have occurred as a result solely of (u) the termination of the
agreement between Autoweb and Lycos, Inc. dated March 26, 2000 pursuant to the
Settlement and Termination Agreement and Release between them and the execution
of a new agreement between them and any payments or other actions called for by
such agreement, (v) any action required by the acquisition agreement, including,
without limitation, any adverse effect resulting from the delivery of any notice
pursuant to the acquisition agreement, (w) a decrease in an entity's stock price
or the failure to meet or exceed Wall Street research analysts' or such entity's
internal earnings estimates or projections, (x) general economic conditions
affecting generally the industry in which an entity competes, (y) general market
conditions in the United States or (z) any adverse effect resulting from the
announcement of the acquisition agreement or the merger.


TERMINATION OF THE ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

     The acquisition agreement may be terminated at any time whether before or
after approval of the matters presented in connection with the merger by Autoweb
stockholders and Autobytel stockholders:

     - by mutual consent of Autobytel and Autoweb;

     - by either Autobytel or Autoweb, if any of the following shall have
       occurred:

      - if the merger is not completed before September 30, 2001 except that
        this right to terminate the acquisition agreement is not available to
        any party whose action or failure to act has been a cause of or resulted
        in the failure of the merger to occur on or before September 30, 2001 if
        such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the acquisition
        agreement;

      - if any permanent injunction or other order of a court or other competent
        authority preventing the consummation of the merger shall have become
        final and non-appealable; or

      - if the acquisition agreement fails to receive the requisite vote for
        approval and adoption and the merger fails to receive the requisite vote
        for approval by the stockholders of Autoweb at an Autoweb stockholders
        meeting or at any adjournment of that meeting or by the stockholders of
        Autobytel at an Autobytel stockholders meeting or at any adjournment of
        that meeting, except that this right to terminate the acquisition
        agreement is not available to any party where the failure to obtain
        stockholder approval was caused by that party's action or failure to act
        and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the
        acquisition agreement.

     - by Autobytel if any of the following shall have occurred:

      - if for any reason Autoweb fails to call and hold the Autoweb
        stockholders meeting by September 30, 2001 unless the reason is that
        this registration statement has not been declared effective by the
        Securities and Exchange Commission at least thirty-five days before
        September 30, 2001 or unless Autoweb is terminating the acquisition
        agreement as a result of Autobytel's breach;

      - if the board of directors of Autoweb withdraws, modifies or changes its
        recommendation that the stockholders of Autoweb approve the merger in a
        manner adverse to Autobytel and its stockholders, unless such
        withdrawal, modification or change is as a result of a breach by
        Autobytel that would entitle Autoweb to terminate the acquisition
        agreement or as a result of a Material Adverse Effect on Autobytel;

      - upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation on
        the part of Autoweb set forth in the acquisition agreement if that
        breach is not cured within ten business days following receipt of
        written notice of the breach or in any event on or before September 30,
        2001 if Autobytel has not willfully breached any of its covenants under
        the acquisition agreement, which breach has not been cured; or

      - if a Takeover Proposal shall have occurred and the board of directors of
        Autoweb in connection therewith does not within ten business days of
        such occurrence (or, in any event, on or before September 30, 2001)
        reject such Takeover Proposal.

     - by Autoweb if any of the following shall have occurred:

      - if a "Change of Control," as defined below, of Autobytel shall have
        occurred;

      - upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on
        the part of Autobytel in the acquisition agreement if that breach is not
        cured within ten business days following receipt of written notice of
        the breach or in any event on or before September 30, 2001 if Autoweb
        has not willfully breached any of its covenants under the acquisition
        agreement, which breach has not been cured;

      - if for any reason Autobytel fails to call and hold the Autobytel
        stockholders meeting by September 30, 2001 unless the reason is that the
        registration statement has not been declared effective by the Securities
        and Exchange Commission at least thirty-five days before September 30,
        2001 or unless Autobytel is terminating the acquisition agreement as a
        result of Autoweb's breach;

      - if the board of directors of Autobytel withdraws, modifies or changes
        its recommendation of the issuance of Autobytel's common stock pursuant
        to the acquisition agreement in a manner adverse to Autoweb or its
        stockholders unless such withdrawal, modification or change is as a
        result of a breach by Autoweb that would entitle Autobytel to terminate
        the acquisition agreement or as a result of a Material Adverse Effect on
        Autoweb; or

      - if a Superior Proposal shall have been made and Autoweb shall have
        provided Autobytel at least five business days prior notice of the terms
        of the Superior Proposal, provided Autoweb simultaneously pays any
        termination fee due under the acquisition agreement.

     
A CHANGE OF CONTROL is any merger or other business combination involving
Autobytel or the acquisition in one or more transactions of all or substantially
all of the assets of Autobytel after which Autobytel or its successor ceases to
be in the automotive, internet, technology or media business.


TERMINATION PAYMENTS BY AUTOWEB

     If any of the following occur and a Takeover Proposal exists or has been
proposed that has not been rejected, Autoweb shall promptly pay Autobytel in
immediately available funds an amount equal to the sum of (1) $1,000,000 plus
(2) Autobytel's costs and expenses directly incurred to negotiate, execute and
perform its obligation under the acquisition agreement, including costs and
expenses related to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and this registration
statement, and the merger (but specifically excluding any costs or expenses
related to the amendment of any agreement or settlement of any dispute prior to
the execution of the acquisition agreement) up to a maximum amount of
$1,000,000:

     - if the acquisition agreement is terminated by Autobytel due to Autoweb's
       breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
       obligations and such breach has not been cured within ten business days
       of receipt by Autoweb of written notice of such breach or in any event on
       or before September 30, 2001 (and Autobytel has not willfully breached
       any of its covenants under the acquisition agreement, which breach is not
       cured);

     - if the closing condition that the representations and warranties of
       Autoweb in the acquisition agreement are true and correct as of the
       effective time of the merger (except as would not have a Material Adverse
       Effect on Autoweb and except for those representations and warranties
       that address matters as of a specified date), is not satisfied, and if on
       or after September 30, 2001, Autoweb terminates the acquisition
       agreement;

     - if the closing condition that Autoweb shall have performed and complied
       in all material respects with all covenants, obligations and conditions
       in the acquisition agreement required to be performed and complied with
       as of the effective time of the merger is not satisfied, and if on or
       after September 30, 2001, Autoweb terminates the acquisition agreement;

     - if the acquisition agreement is terminated by either party because the
       required approval of the stockholders of Autoweb has not been obtained
       due to the failure to obtain the required vote of the Autoweb
       stockholders at a duly held meeting or at any adjournment of the
       stockholder meeting; or

     - if the acquisition agreement is terminated by Autobytel due to Autoweb's
       failure to call and hold the Autoweb stockholders meeting by September
       30, 2001 unless the reason is that the registration statement has not
       been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission at
       least thirty-five days prior to September 30, 2001 or unless Autoweb is
       terminating the acquisition agreement as a result of Autobytel's breach.

     
Autoweb also must promptly pay Autobytel in immediately available funds an
amount equal to the sum of (1) $1,000,000 plus (2) Autobytel's costs and
expenses as described and limited above:

     - if the acquisition agreement is terminated by Autobytel if a Takeover
       Proposal has occurred and the board of directors of Autoweb in connection
       with it does not within ten business days of such occurrence (or, in any
       event, on or before September 30, 2001) reject such Takeover Proposal; or

     - if the acquisition agreement is terminated by Autoweb if a Superior
       Proposal has occurred and Autoweb has provided Autobytel at least five
       business days prior notice of the terms of the Superior Proposal.

     
If the acquisition agreement is terminated by Autobytel due to Autoweb's
breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations and
such breach has not been cured within ten business days of receipt by Autoweb of
written notice of such breach or in any event on or before September 30, 2001
(and Autobytel shall not have willfully breached any of its covenants under the
acquisition agreement, which breach is not cured) then Autoweb shall promptly
reimburse Autobytel's costs and expenses as described and limited above.


TERMINATION PAYMENTS BY AUTOBYTEL

     If the acquisition agreement is terminated by Autoweb due to any of the
following, then Autobytel shall promptly pay Autoweb in immediately available
funds an amount equal to Autoweb's costs and expenses directly incurred to
negotiate, execute and perform its obligations under the acquisition agreement,
including costs and expenses related to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and this registration statement, and the merger (but specifically excluding any
costs or expenses related to the amendment of any agreement or settlement of any
dispute prior to the execution of the acquisition agreement), up to a maximum
amount of $1,000,000:

     - if Autobytel breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants
       or other obligations and such breach has not been cured within ten
       business days following receipt by Autobytel of written notice of such
       breach or in any event on or before September 30, 2001 (and Autoweb has
       not willfully breached any of its covenants under the acquisition
       agreement, which breach is not cured);

     - if for any reason Autobytel fails to call and hold the Autobytel
       stockholders meeting by September 30, 2001 unless the reason is that the
       registration statement has not been declared effective by the Securities
       and Exchange Commission at least thirty-five days prior to September 30,
       2001 or unless Autobytel is terminating the acquisition agreement as a
       result of Autoweb's breach;

     - if the board of directors of Autobytel withdraws, modifies or changes its
       recommendation of the issuance of Autobytel's common stock in a manner
       adverse to Autoweb or its stockholders unless such withdrawal,
       modification or change is as a result of a breach by Autoweb that would
       entitle Autobytel to terminate the acquisition agreement or as a result
       of a Material Adverse Effect on Autoweb; or

     - if a Change of Control occurs.

OPERATIONS AFTER THE MERGER

     Following the merger, it is expected that Autoweb will continue its
operations as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Autobytel.
The stockholders of
Autoweb will become stockholders of Autobytel, and their rights as stockholders
will be governed by the Autobytel certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as in
effect immediately prior to the consummation of the merger, and the laws of
Delaware.
See "Comparison of Stockholder Rights and Corporate Governance
Matters" on page   of this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.

     
THE INITIAL DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF AUTOWEB AFTER THE MERGER WILL BE THE
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF AUTOBYTEL ACQUISITION
I CORP.

EXTENSION, WAIVER AND AMENDMENT OF THE ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

     The board of directors of Autobytel and Autoweb may amend the acquisition
agreement at any time by mutual written consent provided that an amendment made
subsequent to adoption of the acquisition agreement by the stockholders of
Autoweb, Autobytel or Autobytel Acquisition I Corp. shall not:

     - alter or change the amount or kind of consideration to be received on
       conversion of the Autoweb common stock;

     - alter or change any term of the certificate of incorporation of the
       surviving corporation to be effected by the merger; or

     - alter or change any of the terms and conditions of the acquisition
       agreement if such alteration or change would materially adversely affect
       the holders of Autoweb common stock or Autobytel Acquisition I Corp.
       common stock.

     
Either Autobytel or Autoweb may extend the other's time for the performance
of any of the obligations or other acts under the acquisition agreement, waive
any inaccuracies in the other's representations and warranties and waive
compliance by the other with any of the agreements or conditions contained in
the acquisition agreement if such extension or waiver is in writing.

                        AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the Autoweb
Voting Agreement and the Employment Agreement with Jeffrey A. Schwartz.
While
Autobytel and Autoweb believe that these descriptions cover the material terms
of these agreements, the summary may not contain all of the information that is
important to you.
Copies of forms of these agreements are available upon
request.
Please see the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information"
on page   .


AUTOWEB VOTING AGREEMENT

     One member of the Autoweb board of directors and three principal
stockholders of Autoweb common stock have entered into a voting agreement with
Autoweb and Autobytel.
By entering into this voting agreement these Autoweb
stockholders have agreed to vote or cause to be voted all of their shares of
Autoweb common stock in favor of the approval of the acquisition agreement and
the merger.

     
They have agreed not to transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of
their shares of Autoweb common stock prior to the merger, the termination of the
acquisition agreement or September 30, 2001, whichever is earlier.

     
These Autoweb stockholders may vote their shares of Autoweb common stock on
all other matters.

     
As of March 31, 2001, the Autoweb stockholders who entered into the voting
agreement collectively owned 8,807,973 shares of Autoweb common stock, which
represent approximately 30% of the outstanding Autoweb common stock.
None of the
Autoweb stockholders who are parties to the voting agreement was paid additional
consideration in connection with the execution of the voting agreement.


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH JEFFREY A. SCHWARTZ (SEE PAGES   )

                     DESCRIPTION OF AUTOBYTEL CAPITAL STOCK

GENERAL

     Autobytel's Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share, and 11,445,187 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per
share, the rights and preferences of which may be established by the Autobytel
board of directors.
As of March 31, 2001, 20,364,070 shares of common stock were
issued and outstanding and held by 142 stockholders of record and 0 shares of
preferred stock were issued and outstanding.


COMMON STOCK

     The holders of Autobytel common stock are entitled to one vote for each
share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
Subject to preferences
applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, the holders of common
stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends, if any, as may be declared by
the board of directors out of funds legally available for dividend payments.
In
the event that Autobytel liquidates, dissolves or winds up, the holders of
common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment
of liabilities and liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of
preferred stock.
Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights or rights to
convert their common stock into any other securities.
There are no redemption or
sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.
All outstanding shares
of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable.


PREFERRED STOCK

     The Autobytel board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock
from time to time in one or more series, and to determine or alter the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly
unissued series of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares of any series
of preferred stock and the designation of any such series of preferred stock.

These rights, designations and preferences include voting rights, dividend
rights, liquidation rights, redemption rights and conversion rights.
No
preferred stock is issued or outstanding.

       
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS

     The rights of Autobytel stockholders are currently governed by the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Autobytel's certificate of incorporation
and Autobytel's by-laws.
The rights of Autoweb stockholders are currently
governed by the DGCL, Autoweb's certificate of incorporation and Autoweb's
by-laws.
Upon completion of the merger, the rights of Autoweb stockholders who
become stockholders of Autobytel in the merger will be governed by the DGCL,
Autobytel's certificate of incorporation and Autobytel's by-laws.

     
The following description summarizes the significant differences that may
affect the rights of stockholders of Autobytel and stockholders of Autoweb, but
is not a complete statement of all those differences, or a complete description
of the specific provisions referred to in this summary.
The identification of
specific differences is not intended to indicate that other equally or more
significant differences do not exist.
Stockholders should read carefully the
relevant provisions of the DGCL, Autobytel's certificate of incorporation,
Autobytel's by-laws, Autoweb's certificate of incorporation, and Autoweb's
by-laws.


CAPITALIZATION

     Autobytel.
Autobytel's authorized capital stock is described under
"Description of Autobytel Capital Stock."

     
Autoweb.
The total authorized shares of capital stock of Autoweb consist of
60,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.
At the close of business
on March 31, 2001, there were approximately 29,526,453 million shares of Autoweb
common stock outstanding and no shares of Autoweb preferred stock outstanding.

     
The Autoweb board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock from
time to time in any series, and to fix and alter the designations, preferences
and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of wholly unissued
series of preferred shares including voting rights, dividend rights, liquidation
rights, redemption rights and conversion rights.


VOTING RIGHTS

     
The DGCL allows for more or less than one vote per share and permits
cumulative voting if each is provided for in the certificate of incorporation.

     
Autobytel.
Each holder of Autobytel common stock is entitled to one vote
for each share held of record and Autobytel's certificate of incorporation does
not permit cumulative voting for the election of directors.

     Autoweb.
Each holder of Autoweb common stock is entitled to one vote for
each share held of record, and may not cumulate votes for the election of
directors.


NUMBER, ELECTION, VACANCY AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     
The DGCL provides that the board of directors of a Delaware corporation
will consist of one or more directors as fixed by the corporation's certificate
of incorporation or by-laws.
The DGCL also provides that a director or the
entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders
of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

However, in the case of a corporation whose board is classified, the directors
may be removed only for cause unless the certificate of incorporation provides
otherwise.

     
Autobytel.
Autobytel's certificate of incorporation provides that the
number of directors shall be set forth in the by-laws and may be changed from
time to time by an amendment to such by-laws.
Autobytel's by-laws fix the number
of directors at eight.
Autobytel's board of directors is divided into three
classes.
After their initial terms, the directors in each class serve for a term
of three years each.

     
Autobytel's by-laws provide that a decrease in the number of directors may
not shorten the term of an incumbent director.
Under Autobytel's by-laws,
vacancies on the board of directors and newly created directorships resulting
from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by vote of
the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum, or by a
sole remaining director.
Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold
office until his successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until he
shall resign or shall have been removed.
Whenever the holders of any class or
classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors,
vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may
be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or
series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.

     
Pursuant to the terms of the acquisition agreement, on or prior to the
closing date of the merger, Autobytel will take all actions necessary to elect
as directors two individuals designated by Autoweb.

     
It is anticipated that, as allowed by Autobytel's by-laws, the Autobytel
board of directors will vote to expand its current number to 10 and then will
vote to appoint two individuals (see page   ).

     
Autoweb.
Autoweb's board of directors has six members.
Autoweb's
certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors may be
changed from time to time by vote of a majority of the entire board of directors
and that a decrease in the number of directors may not shorten the term of an
incumbent director.
Autoweb's board of directors is divided into three classes.

After their initial terms, the directors in each class serve for a term of three
years each.

     
Under Autoweb's certificate of incorporation, vacancies on the Autoweb
board of directors and newly created directorships resulting from any increase
in the authorized number of directors may be filled by the directors, acting by
majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, and any
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next election of the class for
which such directors shall have been chosen and until their successors shall be
elected and qualified.

     
Autoweb's certificate of incorporation provides that any director may be
removed at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the
holders of 75% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the
corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors cast at a
meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose, except that the foregoing
shall not apply whenever the holder of any one or more series of preferred stock
shall have the right, voting separately as a class, to elect one or more
directors of the corporation.

AMENDMENTS TO THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

     Under the DGCL, amendments to a corporation's certificate of incorporation
require the approval of the board of directors and stockholders holding a
majority of the outstanding stock of each class entitled to vote on that
amendment as a class, unless a different proportion is specified in the
certificate of incorporation or by other provisions of the DGCL.

AMENDMENTS TO THE BY-LAWS

     Under the DGCL, by-laws of a corporation may be amended or repealed by
stockholders, and, if provided for in the corporation's certificate of
incorporation, by the directors.

     
Autobytel.
Autobytel's certificate of incorporation authorizes the board of
directors to amend or repeal the by-laws.
Autobytel's by-laws may be amended or
repealed by the directors, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then
in office, acting at any meeting of the board, or by the stockholders, by the
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation,
at an annual meeting of the stockholders, without previous notice, or at any
special meeting of stockholders, provided that notice of such amendment or
repeal is given in the notice of the special meeting.

     
Autoweb.
Autoweb's by-laws provide that its stockholders holding a majority
of the corporation's outstanding voting stock have the power to adopt, amend, or
repeal its by-laws.
Autoweb's certificate of

incorporation gives Autoweb's board of directors the power to adopt, amend or
repeal Autoweb's by-laws except insofar as the by-laws adopted by the
stockholders provide otherwise.


STOCKHOLDER ACTION

     
The DGCL authorizes stockholder action without a meeting unless otherwise
provided in a corporation's certificate of incorporation.

     
For both Autobytel and Autoweb the certificate of incorporation provides
that the stockholders may not take action by written consent without a meeting,
but must take action at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders.


SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

     Under the DGCL, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
board of directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the certificate
of incorporation or the by-laws.
The DGCL requires notice of stockholders'
meetings to be sent to all stockholders of record entitled to vote thereon not
less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting.

     
Autobytel.
Autobytel's by-laws provide that special meetings of
stockholders may be called at any time by the board of directors, by a committee
of the board of directors whose powers and authority include the power to call
such meetings, by the Chairman of the Board, or by the President.

     
Autoweb.
Autoweb's by-laws provide special meetings of stockholders may be
called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, or by a majority of the members of the board of directors.

     
The by-laws of each company provide that notice of each meeting of the
stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given not fewer than ten nor
more than sixty days in advance of the date of that meeting.


LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS AND INDEMNIFICATION

     
The DGCL provides that a corporation's certificate of incorporation may
include a provision limiting the personal liability of a director to the
corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director.
The DGCL permits a corporation to indemnify any director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation for expenses, monetary damages,
fines and settlement amounts to the extent the person acted in good faith and in
a manner he or she believed to be in the best interests of the corporation and,
with respect to any criminal action, had no reasonable cause to believe the
conduct was unlawful.

     
The DGCL does not permit indemnification if the person is held liable to
the corporation except to the extent that an appropriate court concludes, upon
application by the person, that despite the adjudication of liability but in
view of all the circumstances, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification for those expenses that the court deems proper.
No provision can
eliminate or limit the liability of a director for:

     - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
       stockholders;

     - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

     - violation of Section 174 of the DGCL regarding unlawful payment of
       dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions;

     - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit; or

     - any act or omission before the adoption of a provision eliminating or
       limiting the liability of a director for breach of fiduciary duty in the
       certificate of incorporation.

     
Autobytel's and Autoweb's certificate of incorporation and by-laws limit or
eliminate the liability of directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL
and require indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL.


DIVIDENDS

     
As Delaware corporations, Autobytel and Autoweb may declare and pay
dividends out of their surplus or, if they have no surplus, out of any net
profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend was declared or for the
preceding fiscal year in which the dividend was declared, provided that the
payment will not reduce capital below the amount of capital represented by all
classes of shares having a preference upon the distribution of assets.


PROVISIONS RELATING TO ACQUISITIONS AND BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

     Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in
any "business combination" with any person who owns 15% or more of a
corporation's voting stock, such as an interested stockholder, for a period of
three years following the time that person became an interested stockholder,
unless:

     - the corporation's board of directors has approved, before the time on
       which that person became an interested stockholder, either the business
       combination or the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an
       interested stockholder;

     - upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in that person
       becoming an interested stockholder, that person owned at least 85% of the
       corporation's voting stock outstanding at that time, excluding shares
       owned by persons who are both directors and officers and shares owned by
       employee stock plans in which participants do not have the right to
       determine confidentially whether shares will be tendered in a tender or
       exchange offer; or

     - at or after the time on which that person became an interested
       stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of
       directors and authorized by the affirmative vote, at an annual or special
       meeting and not by written consent, of at least 66 2/3% of the
       outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.

     
For purposes of determining whether a person is the "owner" of 15% or more
of a corporation's voting stock for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL,
ownership is defined broadly to include the right, directly or indirectly, to
acquire the stock or to control the voting or disposition of the stock.

     
A "business combination" is also defined broadly to include:

     - mergers and sales or other dispositions of 10% or more of the assets of a
       corporation with or to an interested stockholder;

     - specific transactions resulting in the issuance or transfer to the
       interested stockholder of any stock of the corporation or its
       subsidiaries;

     - specific transactions that would result in an increase in the
       proportionate share of a corporation's or its subsidiaries' stock owned
       by the interested stockholder; and

     - any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or
       indirectly, except proportionately as a stockholder, of any loans,
       advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or
       through the corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

     
A Delaware corporation may elect not to be governed by Section 203 by a
provision contained in its original certificate of incorporation, its by-laws,
or an amendment to the original certificate of incorporation, which amendment
must be approved by a majority of the shares entitled to vote and may not be
further amended by the board of directors.
This type of amendment is effective
immediately in the case of a corporation that has not elected in its original
certificate of incorporation or amendment thereto to be governed by Section 203
and has never had voting stock listed on a national securities exchange,

authorized for quotation on the Nasdaq Stock Market or held of record by more
than 2,000 stockholders.
Otherwise this amendment is not effective until 12
months following its adoption.

     
Neither Autobytel nor Autoweb has made an election not to be governed by
Section 203 and both are therefore subject to Section 203 of the DGCL.

MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

     Under the DGCL, a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all
of a corporation's assets must be approved by the board of directors and by a
majority of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote on the
matter, except that no vote of stockholders of a constituent corporation
surviving a merger is required unless the corporation provides otherwise in its
certificate of incorporation if:

     - the acquisition agreement does not amend the certificate of incorporation
       of the surviving corporation;

     - each share of stock of the surviving corporation outstanding before the
       merger is an identical outstanding or treasury share after the merger;
       and

     - either no shares of common stock of the surviving corporation are to be
       issued or delivered by way of the merger or, if common stock will be
       issued or delivered, it will not increase the number of shares of common
       stock outstanding immediately before the merger by more than 20%.

     Autobytel.
Autobytel is not required by the DGCL to submit the proposed
merger to its stockholders for approval; however, approval is being sought from
Autobytel's stockholders to satisfy the listing requirements of the Nasdaq
because more than 20% of Autobytel's stock is being issued in the merger.

     
Autoweb.
Autoweb is required by the DGCL to submit the proposed merger to
its stockholders for approval.

DISSENTERS' APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under the DGCL, dissenters' rights of appraisal are available to a
stockholder of a corporation only in connection with some mergers or
consolidations involving that corporation.
Appraisal rights are not available
under the DGCL if the corporation's stock is either:

     - listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national
       market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the National
       Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., as the Autobytel and Autoweb
       common shares are, or

     - held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders;

except that appraisal rights will be available if the merger or consolidation
requires stockholders to exchange their stock for anything other than:

     - shares of the surviving corporation,

     - shares of another corporation that will be listed on a national
       securities exchange, designated as a national market system security on
       an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
       Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, or

     - cash in place of fractional shares.

     
Additionally, no appraisal rights are available if the corporation is the
surviving corporation, and no vote of its stockholders is required for the
merger.

     
Appraisal rights are not available to Autobytel or Autoweb stockholders in
connection with the proposed merger.


PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

     Under the DGCL, stockholders do not have a statutory preemptive right to
acquire proportional amounts of a corporation's unissued shares upon a decision
by the board of directors to issue them.

     
Neither Autobytel's nor Autoweb's certificate of incorporation provides for
its stockholders to have any preemptive rights with respect to any shares of its
capital stock.

                          
THE AUTOBYTEL ANNUAL MEETING

DATE, TIME AND PLACE OF AUTOBYTEL ANNUAL MEETING

     
The date, time and place of the annual meeting of Autobytel stockholders
are as follows:

                                            , 2001
                                  a.m.
Pacific time

PURPOSE OF THE ANNUAL MEETING

     Autobytel is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to its
stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by Autobytel's board
of directors.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed on or about
               , 2001.
The Autobytel board of directors will use the proxies at
the annual meeting of stockholders of Autobytel to be held on                ,
2001 and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.

     
The annual meeting is being held so that Autobytel stockholders may
consider and vote upon the following proposals:

     (1) To approve the issuance of shares of Autobytel common stock in the
         proposed merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Autobytel with and into
         Autoweb as contemplated by the acquisition agreement dated as of April
         11, 2001, among Autobytel, Autobytel Acquisition I Corp. and Autoweb.
         
Autobytel will issue 0.3553 shares of common stock in exchange for each
         share of outstanding common stock of Autoweb.

     
(2) To elect three Class III Directors.

     
(3) To ratify and approve Autobytel's independent public accountants for
         fiscal 2001.

     
(4) To approve an amendment to Autobytel's Certificate of Incorporation
         changing the name of Autobytel to Autobytel Inc.

     (5)
To transact any other business that properly comes before the annual
         meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.


RECORD DATE AND OUTSTANDING SHARES

     Autobytel's board of directors has fixed the close of business on
               , 2001 as the record date for the annual meeting.
Only holders of
record of Autobytel's common stock at the close of business on the record date
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
As of the close of
business on the record date, there were        shares of common stock
outstanding and entitled to vote, held of record by approximately
       stockholders, although Autobytel has been informed that there are in
excess of        beneficial owners of common stock.


QUORUM AND VOTE REQUIRED

     Holders of Autobytel common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held as of the record date.
Approval of Proposals 1 and 3 requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding common stock of Autobytel
present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting.
Approval of the
directors in Proposal 2 requires the vote of a plurality of the outstanding
common stock of Autobytel present in person or represented by proxy at the
meeting.
Approval of Proposal 4 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the outstanding common stock of Autobytel.
Attendance at the meeting in person
or by proxy of the shares representing a majority of the outstanding common
stock of Autobytel is required for a quorum.

     
On the record date, directors and executive officers of Autobytel as a
group beneficially owned approximately        million shares of common stock.


ABSTENTIONS

     Any abstention will be counted for purposes of determining a quorum, but
will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST the proposals considered at the
annual meeting.


BROKER NON-VOTES

     In the event that a broker, bank, custodian, nominee or other record holder
of Autobytel's common stock indicates on a proxy that it does not have
discretionary authority to vote certain shares on a particular matter, which is
called a broker non-vote, those shares will not be considered for purposes of
determining the number of shares entitled to vote with respect to a particular
proposal on which the broker has expressly not voted, but will be counted for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction
of business.
Failing to instruct a broker on Proposal 4 has the same effect as
voting against Proposal 4.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, Autobytel stockholders are not entitled to dissent from
the merger.


SOLICITATION OF PROXY; EXPENSES OF PROXY SOLICITATION

     
The enclosed proxy is solicited by and on behalf of the board of directors
of Autobytel.
In addition to solicitation by mail, officers, directors and
regular employees of Autobytel, who will receive no additional compensation for
their services, may solicit proxies by mail, telegraph, facsimile transmission
or personal calls.
These persons will receive no additional compensation for
solicitation of proxies, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses.

     
Autobytel will pay all of the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at
the meeting, except that Autoweb will share equally the expenses incurred in
connection with filing and printing this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Autobytel has requested brokers and nominees who hold stock in their name to
furnish this proxy material to their customers and Autobytel will reimburse such
brokers and nominees for their related out-of-pocket expenses.

     
Autobytel has also engaged [               ] to solicit proxies on its
behalf.
It is expected that [               ]'s fees will be approximately
$[               ] plus the reimbursement of expenses.


VOTING OF PROXIES

     
The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited
on behalf of the Autobytel board of directors for use at the meeting.
Please
complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the
enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it to Autobytel.
All properly signed proxies
that Autobytel receives prior to the vote at the meeting and that are not
revoked will be voted at the meeting according to the instructions indicated on
the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, such proxies will be voted FOR
each of the aforementioned proposals to be considered at the annual meeting.

     
Autobytel's board of directors does not know of any matter that is not
referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to be presented for action
at the meeting.
If any other matters are properly brought before the meeting,
the persons named in the proxies will have discretion to vote on such matters in
accordance with their best judgment.

REVOCABILITY OF PROXY

     If you are the holder of record for your shares, you may revoke your proxy
at any time before it is exercised at the annual meeting by taking any of the
following actions:

     - delivering a written notice to the secretary of Autobytel at its
       principal office, 18872 MacArthur Boulevard, Irvine, California
       92612-1400;

     - delivering a signed subsequent proxy relating to the same shares and
       bearing a later date prior to the vote at the meeting; or

     - attending the annual meeting and voting in person, although attendance at
       the meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy.

     
Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a broker,
bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the
meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your
beneficial ownership of the shares.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The board of directors of Autobytel has unanimously determined that the
terms of the merger and the acquisition agreement, are in the best interests of
Autobytel and the Autobytel stockholders.
Accordingly, the Autobytel board of
directors recommends that Autobytel stockholders vote FOR the proposal to
approve the issuance of shares of Autobytel common stock thereto, FOR the
proposal to elect three Class III Directors, FOR the ratification of Autobytel's
independent public accountants for fiscal 2001 and FOR the proposal to amend
Autobytel's Certificate of Incorporation.


TO ASSURE THAT YOUR SHARES ARE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE
AND SIGN THE ENCLOSED PROXY AND MAIL IT PROMPTLY IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE
PROVIDED, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING.
YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR
PROXY AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT IS VOTED.

                              
AUTOBYTEL PROPOSAL 1

              RATIFICATION AND APPROVAL OF ACQUISITION AGREEMENT,
                         MERGER AND ISSUANCE OF SHARES

     
The merger will be consummated on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the acquisition agreement.
As a result of the merger, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Autobytel will be merged with and into Autoweb, with Autoweb
as the surviving corporation.
Autobytel will issue 0.3553 shares of common stock
in exchange for each share of outstanding common stock of Autoweb.

     
You are encouraged to read the sections of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled "Merger" on page   and "Acquisition Agreement" on
page   .

     
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF AUTOBYTEL RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
FOR THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES.

                              
AUTOBYTEL PROPOSAL 2

            NOMINATION AND ELECTION OF AUTOBYTEL CLASS III DIRECTORS

     
The persons named in the enclosed proxy will vote to elect the three
nominees named below under "Nominees for Class III Director" unless instructed
otherwise in the proxy.
The persons receiving the greatest number of votes, up
to the number of directors to be elected, shall be the persons elected as the
Class III Directors.
Holders of common stock are not allowed to cumulate their
votes in the election of Class III Directors.
Shares represented by proxies
which are marked "withhold authority" will have the same effect as a vote
against the nominees.
The Class III Directors are to hold office until the 2004
annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly
qualified and elected.


NOMINEES FOR CLASS III DIRECTOR:

        Jeffrey H. Coats
        Michael J. Fuchs
        Robert S. Grimes

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE
ELECTION OF THE NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE UNDER "NOMINEES FOR CLASS III DIRECTOR."
It
is intended that shares represented by the proxies will be voted FOR the
election to the board of directors of the persons named below unless authority
to vote for the nominees has been withheld in the proxy.
Although the persons
nominated have consented to serve as directors if elected, and the board of
directors has no reason to believe that the nominees will be unable to serve as
directors, if any nominee withdraws or otherwise becomes unavailable to serve,
the persons named as proxies will vote for any substitute nominee designated by
the board of directors.
The following information regarding Autobytel's
directors and executive officers, including nominees, is relevant to your
consideration of the slate proposed by your board of directors:

DIRECTORS

     The current directors of Autobytel are as follows:

                   NAME                      AGE                       POSITION
                   ----                      ---                       --------

Michael J. Fuchs...........................  55     Chairman of the Board and Director
Mark W. Lorimer............................  42     Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Jeffrey H. Coats...........................  43     Director
Robert S. Grimes...........................  57     Director
Mark N. Kaplan.............................  71     Director
Kenneth J. Orton...........................  49     Director
Richard A. Post............................  42     Director
Peter Titz.................................  48     Director

     Jeffrey H. Coats was elected a director of Autobytel in August 1996.
Since
July 1999, Mr. Coats has been a Founder and Managing Director of TH Lee Global
Internet Managers, L.P., a fund focused on making equity investments in
eCommerce and Internet-related companies globally.
Mr. Coats served as Managing
Director of GE Equity, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Electric
Capital Corporation, from April 1996 to July 1999.
Mr. Coats led GE Equity's
Consumer Group, which included strategic and financial investments in the
Internet, eCommerce, media and entertainment, retail and consumer products and
services.
He has also held various positions, most recently as Managing
Director, of GE Capital Corporate Finance Group, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of General Electric Capital Corporation, from June 1987 to April 1993.
From
February 1994 to April 1996, Mr. Coats served as President of Maverick Capital
Equity Partners, LLC, and from May 1993 to January 1994, Mr. Coats was a
Managing Director of Veritas Capital, Inc., both of which are investment firms.

Mr. Coats holds a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Georgia and a Masters
in International Management in Finance from the American Graduate School of
International Management.
Mr. Coats is a member of the board of directors of
Wink Communications, Inc. and Krause's Furniture, Inc.

     Michael J. Fuchs was elected as a director of Autobytel in September 1996
and became Chairman in June 1998.
Since November 2000, Mr. Fuchs has been Chief
Executive Officer of MyTurn.com, Inc. and was Interim Chief Executive Officer
from April 2000 to October 2000.
Mr. Fuchs was a consultant from November 1995
to April 2000.
Mr. Fuchs was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Home Box
Office, a Division of TimeWarner Entertainment Company, L.P., a leading
pay-television company, from October 1984 until November 1995, and Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Warner Music Group, a Division of Time Warner Inc.,
from May 1995 to November 1995.
MyTurn.com, Inc. filed a voluntary petition
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code on March 2, 2001, which was converted to
a filing under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code on April 2, 2001.
Mr. Fuchs
holds a B.A. from Union College and a J.D. from the New York University School
of Law.
Mr. Fuchs is a member of the board of directors of Wink Communications,
Inc.

     Robert S. Grimes has been a director of Autobytel since inception and since
April 2000 has also been a consultant to Autobytel.
From July 1996 through March
2000, Mr. Grimes served as Executive Vice President of Autobytel.
Since
September 1987, Mr. Grimes has been President of R.S. Grimes & Co., Inc., a
private investment company.
From April 1981 to March 1987, Mr. Grimes was a
partner with the investment firm of Cowen & Company.
Mr. Grimes holds a B.S.
from the Wharton School of Commerce and Finance at the University of
Pennsylvania and an L.L.B. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Mr.
Grimes has served on the board of directors of Philips International Realty
Corp., a New York Stock Exchange listed company, since April 1998.

     
Mark N. Kaplan was elected as a director of Autobytel in June 1998.
Mr.
Kaplan was a member of the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
from 1979 through 1998 and currently is of counsel to such firm.
Mr. Kaplan
serves on the board of directors of the following companies whose shares are
publicly traded: American Biltrite, Inc., Congoleum Corporation, Inc., DRS
Technologies, Inc., Grey Advertising, Inc., REFAC Technology Development
Corporation and Volt Information Sciences, Inc.
Mr. Kaplan holds an A.B. from
Columbia College and a J.D. from Columbia Law School.

     
Mark W. Lorimer has served as a director of Autobytel since June 1998.
Mr.
Lorimer joined Autobytel in December 1996 as Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary, and was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer in May 1997.
In May 1998, Mr. Lorimer was promoted to President.
He was
elected a director and appointed Chief Executive Officer of Autobytel in June
1998.
From January 1996 to November 1996, Mr. Lorimer was a partner and, from
March 1989 to January 1996, was an associate with the law firm of Dewey
Ballantine LLP.
Mr. Lorimer is a member of the national board of directors of
the American Electronics Association.
Mr. Lorimer holds a B.S. in Speech from
Northwestern University and a J.D. from the Fordham University School of Law.

     
Kenneth J. Orton was elected a director of Autobytel in June 1998.
Mr.
Orton has been Chief Strategist of e-business at Cognitiative, Inc. since March
1999.
Through February 1999, Mr. Orton was the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Preview Travel, Inc., which he joined in April 1994 as

President and Chief Operating Officer.
From September 1989 to March 1994, Mr.
Orton was Vice President and General Manager of the San Francisco division of
Epsilon, a database marketing firm and a wholly owned subsidiary of American
Express Company.
Prior to his employment with Epsilon, Mr. Orton was Vice
President of MARC Inc., a market research and database marketing company, and
Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Future Computing.
Mr. Orton also
serves as a director of Egghead.com, Inc., a publicly-held corporation.
Mr.
Orton received a B.A. from California State University, Fullerton.

     
Richard A. Post has served as a director of Autobytel since February 1999.

Since July 2000, Mr. Post has been Managing Partner of Lonetree Capital
Partners.
From June 1998 to July 2000, Mr. Post was Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of MediaOne Group, Inc. and President of MediaOne
Capital Corp., a subsidiary of MediaOne Group, Inc.
From January 1997 to June
1998, Mr. Post was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MediaOne Group,
Inc.
Mr. Post joined US WEST Financial Services in April 1988 as manager of
Corporate Development and was promoted in 1990, first to Executive Director, and
then to Vice President, responsible for all Capital Asset Group businesses.
From
June 1996 to January 1997, he was President of Corporate Development at US WEST,
Inc. where he had responsibility for corporate development efforts at US WEST
Communications, as well as US WEST, Inc.
From December 1995 to June 1996, he
served as Vice President of Corporate Development for US WEST Media Group, a
division of the former US WEST, Inc.
Mr. Post holds both a business
administration degree and an M.B.A. from Delta State University.
Mr. Post is a
member of the board of directors of Arbitron, Inc.

     Peter Titz has served as a director of Autobytel since January 1999.
Since
September 1998, Mr. Titz has been Chairman of the board of directors of Invision
AG (formerly Aureus Private Equity AG which absorbed Invision AG and changed its
name to Invision AG.)
Mr. Titz was a manager of Metro International
Dienstleistung Beteiligungs AG and Invision AG from 1989 through December 1999.

Before joining Metro and Invision AG in 1989, Mr. Titz was managing director of
various institutions in the financial service sector including American Express
in Frankfurt where he was responsible for the introduction of automatic teller
machines and the installation of POS systems in Europe.
Mr. Titz received a
degree in engineering from the University of Aachen and a degree in economics
from the University of Bonn.
Mr. Titz is a member of the board of directors of
Invision AG, ENBA and Varetis AG.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS

     
The board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class
holding office for staggered three-year terms.
The terms of Class I Directors
Mark W. Lorimer, Richard A. Post and Peter Titz expire in 2002, the terms of
Class II Directors Mark N. Kaplan and Kenneth J. Orton expire in 2003 and the
terms of Class III Directors Jeffrey H. Coats, Michael J. Fuchs and Robert S.
Grimes expire in 2001.
All executive officers of Autobytel are chosen by the
board of directors and serve at its discretion except that Mark W. Lorimer and
Dennis Benner have employment agreements that have a term of employment of three
years expiring on July 1, 2001 and May 3, 2003, respectively, which term
automatically renews for one year periods unless Autobytel or such individual
gives at least 30 days prior notice of an election not to renew the term, and
Ariel Amir and Hoshi Printer have employment agreements that have a term of
employment of two years expiring on April 3, 2002 and April 18, 2003,
respectively.
There are no family relationships among Autobytel's officers and
directors.

     
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, the board of directors held
a total of nine meetings.
Each member of the board of directors attended more
than 75% of the meetings of the board of directors and of the committees of
which he was a member, except that Mr. Titz attended 56% of the meetings of the
board of directors.

     
The standing committees of the board of directors are the compensation
committee, the audit committee and the nominating committee.

     
The compensation committee, which met on four occasions in 2000, is
responsible for determining the compensation of executive officers and
Autobytel's non-executive officer employee compensation structure.


The compensation committee currently consists of Jeffrey H. Coats, Michael J.
Fuchs and Kenneth J. Orton.

     
The audit committee, which operates under a written charter approved by the
audit committee and adopted by the board of directors, which is attached to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D, is responsible for (i) reviewing
Autobytel's financial results and the scope and results of audits; (ii)
evaluating Autobytel's system of internal controls and meeting with independent
auditors and appropriate financial personnel concerning Autobytel's system of
internal controls; (iii) recommending to the board of directors the appointment
of the independent auditors; and (iv) evaluating Autobytel's financial reporting
activities and the accounting standards and principles followed.
The audit
committee currently consists of Jeffrey H. Coats, Mark N. Kaplan and Richard A.
Post and met on five occasions in 2000.

     
The nominating committee was established on June 15, 2000 to nominate
directors for election at each annual meeting of stockholders and to fill any
vacancy on the board of directors.
The nominating committee did not meet in
2000.
The nominating committee currently consists of Mark W. Lorimer, Mark N.
Kaplan and Peter Titz.


NEW DIRECTORS

     The individuals named below will become Autobytel directors, if the merger
is consummated, pursuant to the terms of the acquisition agreement.
It is
anticipated that, as allowed by Autobytel's by-laws, the Autobytel board of
directors will vote to expand its current number to 10 and then will vote to
appoint the two individuals named below as directors.

     
Jeffrey A. Schwartz has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and
as a director of Autoweb since November 2000.
He previously served as the
Autoweb's Vice President, Strategic Development from October 1999 to November
2000.
From 1995 to October 1999, Mr. Schwartz held various positions at The Walt
Disney Company, including Corporate Vice President responsible for worldwide
corporate alliance business development.
In this role, Mr. Schwartz was
responsible for executing the company's long-term strategic marketing,
promotional, advertising, and licensing relationships.
During his tenure at
Disney, Mr. Schwartz held several positions inside of the corporate group and
was responsible for worldwide political affairs, governmental relations, and
various strategic business communications and representations functions.
From
1993 to 1995, Mr. Schwartz was a principal of California Communications Group,
advising corporate, non-profit, and governmental clients.
Mr. Schwartz received
Bachelor of Arts, Master of Arts, and Ph.D. degrees in Political Science from
the University of Southern California.

     
Mark R. Ross has been a director of Autoweb since July 1996.
Since 1999 Mr.
Ross has been a Managing Director of Chatsworth Securities, L.L.C., an
investment firm headquartered in Greenwich, CT.
Since May 1996, Mr. Ross has
also been Managing Director of Cogito Capital Partners, L.L.C., a merchant bank
focusing on investing in and raising funds for Internet companies.
Mr. Ross has
served on the board of advisors of numerous Internet companies, including
iCastle.com and MediaPlex, Inc.
Since May 1984, Mr. Ross has served as
President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of On Word Information, Inc.
He received a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Lehigh University and
studied at the graduate level in education at the University of Massachusetts.

                              
AUTOBYTEL PROPOSAL 3

                          RATIFICATION AND APPROVAL OF
                   AUTOBYTEL'S INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

     The board of directors has selected Andersen LLP to audit the financial
statements of Autobytel for the year ended December 31, 2001.
Andersen LLP has
audited Autobytel's financial statements since 1995.

     
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE
PROPOSAL TO RATIFY AND APPROVE THE SELECTION OF ANDERSEN LLP AS AUTOBYTEL'S
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS FOR FISCAL 2001.

     
It is expected that a representative of Andersen LLP will be present at the
annual meeting to respond to any questions and to make a statement on behalf of
his or her firm, if such representative so desires.

                                 
FEE DISCLOSURE

AUDIT FEES

     The aggregate fees billed by Andersen LLP for professional services
rendered for the audit of Autobytel's annual financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2000 and for the reviews of the financial statements included
in Autobytel's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for that year were $147,000.


FINANCIAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION FEES

     No fees were billed by Andersen LLP for professional services rendered for
financial information systems design and implementation for the year ended
December 31, 2000.


ALL OTHER FEES

     The aggregate fees billed by Andersen LLP for services rendered to
Autobytel, other than for services described above, for the year ended December
31, 2000 were approximately $220,000.
These other services consisted of audit
and tax related services, such as review of the Securities and Exchange
Commission filings, tax compliance and consultations on accounting and tax
matters.

     
The audit committee has determined that the provision of services rendered
above is compatible with maintaining Andersen LLP's independence.

                              
AUTOBYTEL PROPOSAL 4

                      APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO CERTIFICATE
                         OF INCORPORATION CHANGING NAME

     The board of directors of Autobytel has unanimously approved and directed
that there be submitted to stockholders for their approval an amendment to
Article I of Autobytel's Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to change the name of Autobytel to "Autobytel Inc." To effect such a change,
Article I of Autobytel's Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
will be amended to read in its entirety as follows:

                                   "ARTICLE I

      The name of the corporation is Autobytel Inc. (the "Corporation").
"

     This amendment to change the name of Autobytel, if approved by the
stockholders, will become effective on the date the amendment is filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware.
Autobytel anticipates that the filing to effect
the name change will be made as soon as practicable after the annual meeting.

     
The board of directors has determined that a change in the Autobytel name
is advisable because Autobytel owns more than one automotive Web site.
The name
change will not affect the validity of currently outstanding stock certificates.

Autobytel's current stockholders will not be required to surrender or exchange
any stock certificates that they now hold and should not send such certificates
to Autobytel or its transfer agent.

     
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF AUTOBYTEL RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
FOR THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDMENT TO AUTOBYTEL'S FIFTH AMENDED AND
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO CHANGE THE NAME OF AUTOBYTEL AS
DESCRIBED ABOVE.

                           
THE AUTOWEB ANNUAL MEETING

DATE, TIME AND PLACE OF THE AUTOWEB ANNUAL MEETING

     The date, time and place of the annual meeting of the stockholders of
Autoweb are as follows:

                                        , 2001
                                  a.m.
Pacific time
                          Autoweb's Corporate Offices
                                3270 Jay Street
                         Santa Clara, California 95054

PURPOSE OF THE ANNUAL MEETING

     Autoweb is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to its
stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the board of
directors of Autoweb relating to the proposed merger with Autobytel.
This proxy
statement and the accompanying form of proxy were first mailed to stockholders
on or about                            , 2001.
The Autoweb board of directors
will use the proxies at the annual meeting of stockholders of Autoweb to be held
on                            , 2001 and at any adjournment or postponement
thereof.

     
The annual meeting is being held so that Autoweb stockholders may consider
and vote upon the following proposals:

     (1) To approve a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Autobytel with and
         into Autoweb whereby each outstanding share of Autoweb common stock
         will be converted into the right to receive 0.3553 shares of Autobytel
         common stock and the acquisition agreement dated as of April 11, 2001,
         by and among Autobytel, Autobytel Acquisition I Corp. and Autoweb.

     
(2) To elect two Class II directors, each to serve until such director's
         successor has been elected and qualified or until such director's
         earlier resignation or removal.
Autoweb's board of directors intends to
         present the following nominees for election as Class II directors:

               Lawrence W. Lepard and Jeffrey A. Schwartz

     (3) To ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Autoweb's
         independent auditors for 2001.

     
(4) To transact such other business as may properly come before the annual
         meeting.


RECORD DATE AND OUTSTANDING SHARES

     
The board of directors of Autoweb has fixed the close of business on
            , 2001 as the record date for the annual meeting.
Only holders of
record of Autoweb common stock at the close of business on the record date are
entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
As of the close of business on
the record date, there were                shares of Autoweb common stock
outstanding and entitled to vote, held of record by approximately
               stockholders, although Autoweb has been informed that there are
approximately                beneficial owners.


VOTE AND QUORUM REQUIRED

     Holders of Autoweb common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held as of the record date.
Attendance at the meeting in person or by proxy of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Autoweb common stock is required for a
quorum.
Approval of the merger and acquisition agreement requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Autoweb common stock outstanding
on the record date.
Election of the directors requires a plurality of the votes
of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and
entitled to vote on the election of directors.
Approval of any other matter
shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of stock entitled to vote

thereon, that are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and
are voted for or against the matter.

     
On the record date, the directors and executive officers of Autoweb as a
group beneficially owned                shares of Autoweb common stock
(excluding any shares issuable upon the exercise of options).
Certain
stockholders, directors and executive officers of Autoweb have entered into
stockholder voting agreements with Autobytel that obligate them to vote, with
respect to a total of approximately      % of Autoweb common shares outstanding
as of the record date, in favor of approval of the merger and acquisition
agreement.


SOLICITATION OF PROXY

     The proxy is solicited by and on behalf of the board of directors of
Autoweb.
Autoweb will also be using the proxy solicitation firm of Regan &
Associates.
In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and key
employees of Autoweb may solicit proxies in person or by telephone, telegram or
other means of communication.
These persons will receive no additional
compensation for solicitation of proxies, but may be reimbursed for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses.

VOTING OF PROXIES; ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES

     All properly executed proxies received before the vote at the annual
meeting and not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions
indicated on the proxies.
If no instructions are indicated, such proxies will be
voted FOR each of the aforementioned proposals, and the proxy holder may vote
the proxy in its discretion as to any other matter which may properly come
before the meeting.

     
In the event that a broker, bank, custodian, nominee or other record holder
of Autoweb common stock indicates on a proxy that it does not have discretionary
authority to vote certain shares on a particular matter, which is called a
broker non-vote, those shares will be counted for purposes of determining the
presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business but will count
as a vote against the proposal to approve the merger.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, Autoweb stockholders are not entitled to dissent from
the merger.


EXPENSES OF PROXY SOLICITATION

     
The fee for the proxy solicitation services of Regan & Associates is
$6,500.00, which includes all expenses incurred in connection with these
services.
Autoweb will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at the
meeting, except that Autobytel will share equally the expenses incurred in
connection with filing and printing this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Following the original mailing of the proxies and other soliciting materials,
Autoweb will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of
Autoweb common stock to forward copies of the proxy and other soliciting
materials to persons for whom they hold shares of Autoweb common stock and to
request authority for the exercise of proxies.
In such cases, upon the request
of the record holders, Autoweb will reimburse such holders for their reasonable
expenses.


PROXIES

     
The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited
on behalf of the Autoweb board of directors for use at the meeting.
Please
complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the
enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it to the corporate offices of Autoweb to
the attention of the corporate secretary.

     
The board of directors of Autoweb does not know of any matter that is not
referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to be presented for action
at the meeting.
If any other matters are properly

brought before the meeting, the persons named in the proxies will have
discretion to vote on such matters in accordance with their best judgment.


REVOCABILITY OF PROXY

     Any person signing a proxy given pursuant to this solicitation has the
power to revoke it before the annual meeting or at the annual meeting before the
vote pursuant to the proxy.
A proxy may be revoked by a writing delivered to
Autoweb stating that the proxy is revoked, by a subsequent proxy that is signed
by the person who signed the earlier proxy and is presented at the annual
meeting, or by attendance at the annual meeting and voting in person.

     
Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a broker,
bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the
meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your
beneficial ownership of the shares.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The board of directors of Autoweb has unanimously determined that the terms
of the acquisition agreement and the merger are fair, advisable and in the best
interests of Autoweb and the Autoweb stockholders.
Accordingly, the Autoweb
board of directors recommends that Autoweb stockholders vote FOR the proposal to
approve the merger and the acquisition agreement, FOR the proposal to elect two
Class II directors and FOR the proposal to ratify the selection of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Autoweb's independent auditors for 2001.


TO ASSURE THAT YOUR SHARES ARE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE
AND SIGN THE ENCLOSED PROXY AND MAIL IT PROMPTLY IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE
PROVIDED, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING.
YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR
PROXY AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT IS VOTED.

                               
AUTOWEB PROPOSAL 1

                      RATIFICATION AND APPROVAL OF MERGER
                           AND ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

     
The merger will be consummated on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the acquisition agreement.
As a result of the merger, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Autobytel will be merged with and into Autoweb, with Autoweb
as the surviving corporation.
Autobytel will issue 0.3553 shares of common stock
in exchange for each share of outstanding common stock of Autoweb.

     
You are encouraged to read the sections of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled "Merger" on page   and "Acquisition Agreement" on
page   .

     
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF AUTOWEB BELIEVES THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE
FAIR, ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF AUTOWEB AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS AND
RECOMMENDS THAT AUTOWEB STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL TO RATIFY, APPROVE
AND ADOPT THE MERGER AND THE ACQUISITION AGREEMENT.

     
In considering the recommendation of the Autoweb board of directors with
respect to the merger, you should be aware that certain directors and officers
of Autoweb have certain interests in the merger that are different from, or are
in addition to, the interests of Autoweb's stockholders generally.
Please see
the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Interests of
Autoweb Directors, Officers, Employees and Significant Stockholders in the
Merger" on page   .

                               
AUTOWEB PROPOSAL 2

             NOMINATION AND ELECTION OF AUTOWEB CLASS II DIRECTORS

     
The board of directors of Autoweb presently consists of six members and is
divided into three equal classes, with one vacancy.
Each class serves three
years, with the terms of office of the respective classes expiring in successive
years.
Directors in Class II will stand for election at the annual meeting and
if elected, will serve on Autoweb's board of directors in the event the merger
is not consummated.
The terms of office of directors in Class I and Class III do
not expire until the annual meetings of stockholders held in 2003 and 2002,
respectively.
The board of directors proposes that each of the Class II nominees
named below, both of whom are currently serving as Class II directors, be
re-elected as a Class II director for a three-year term expiring at the annual
meeting of stockholders in 2004 and until such director's successor is duly
elected and qualified or until such director's earlier resignation or removal.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF
THE NOMINEES NAMED BELOW UNDER "NOMINEES TO THE BOARD."
Shares represented by
the accompanying proxy will be voted for the election of each of the two
nominees named below unless the proxy is marked in such a manner as to withhold
authority so to vote.
If any nominee for any reason is unable to serve or for
good cause will not serve, the proxies may be voted for such substitute nominee
as the proxy holder may determine.
Autoweb is not aware of any nominee who will
be unable to or for good cause will not serve as a director.


NOMINEES TO THE BOARD

                                                                                           DIRECTOR
            NAME OF DIRECTOR               AGE            PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION              SINCE
            ----------------               ---            --------------------             
--------

Lawrence W. Lepard(1)....................  46     General Partner, Geocapital                2000
Jeffrey A. Schwartz......................  35     President and Chief Executive Officer      2000

- -------------------------
(1) Member of the audit committee and the compensation committee

     Lawrence W. Lepard has been a director of Autoweb since October 2000.
Mr.
Lepard is the Managing General Partner of Geocapital Partners, L.L.C., a venture
capital firm.
Prior to joining Geocapital, Mr. Lepard was a Partner at Summit
Ventures.
He also served as Chief Financial Officer of Calay Systems and as an
Investment Associate at Continental Illinois Venture Corporation, a subsidiary
of Continental Illinois Bank & Trust.
Mr. Lepard has served on the boards of
directors of numerous public

and private information technology based firms and is presently a Director of
several privately held companies.
Mr. Lepard received a Bachelor of Arts degree
in economics from Colgate University and an M.B.A. with Distinction from Harvard
Business School.

     
Jeffrey A. Schwartz has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and
as a director of Autoweb since November 2000.
He previously served as Autoweb's
Vice President, Strategic Development from October 1999 to November 2000.
From
1995 to October 1999, Mr. Schwartz held various positions at The Walt Disney
Company, including Corporate Vice President responsible for worldwide corporate
alliance business development.
In this role, Mr. Schwartz was responsible for
executing the company's long-term strategic marketing, promotional, advertising,
and licensing relationships.
During his tenure at Disney, Mr. Schwartz held
several positions inside of the corporate group and was responsible for
worldwide political affairs, governmental relations, and various strategic
business communications and representations functions.
From 1993 to 1995, Mr.
Schwartz was a principal of California Communications Group, advising corporate,
non-profit, and governmental clients.
Mr. Schwartz received Bachelor of Arts,
Master of Arts, and Ph.D. degrees in Political Science from the University of
Southern California.


CONTINUING DIRECTORS

Class I Directors with a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders in
2003:

                                                                                           DIRECTOR
              NAME OF DIRECTOR                AGE           PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION            
SINCE
              ----------------                ---           --------------------           --------

Dean A. DeBiase.............................  42    Chairman of the Board                    1998
Mark R. Ross(1).............................  55    President, Chief Executive Officer       1996
                                                    and
                                                    Director of On Word Information, Inc.

- -------------------------
(1) Member of the audit committee and the compensation committee.

     
Dean A. DeBiase has served as Chairman of the board of directors of Autoweb
since August 1999 and as a director since December 1998.
He also served as Chief
Executive Officer from December 1998 to July 2000 and President from December
1998 to November 1999.
From March 1998 to December 1998, he was the President of
Start-Up-Partners, an Internet consulting company, where he served as interim
Chief Executive Officer and director of CatchTV, a television/Web advertising
and programming company.
From January 1995 to March 1998, Mr. DeBiase was the
President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Worldplay Entertainment, an
online games and community company, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of
America Online.
From September 1993 to January 1995, he was Vice President of
Marketing of Zenith Electronics and Senior Vice President of its Network Systems
Division.
Mr. DeBiase received a Bachelor of Science degree in marketing from
Northern Illinois University and a Masters in Business Administration degree
from the Keller Graduate School of Management.

     
Mark R. Ross has been a director of Autoweb since July 1996.
Since 1999 Mr.
Ross has been a Managing Director of Chatsworth Securities, L.L.C., an
investment firm headquartered in Greenwich, CT.
Since May 1996, Mr. Ross has
also been Managing Director of Cogito Capital Partners, L.L.C., a merchant bank
focusing on investing in and raising funds for Internet companies.
Mr. Ross has
served on the board of advisors of numerous Internet companies, including
iCastle.com and MediaPlex, Inc.
Since May 1984, Mr. Ross has served as
President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of On Word Information, Inc.
He received a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Lehigh University and
studied at the graduate level in education at the University of Massachusetts.


Class III Directors with a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders
in 2002:

                                                                                            DIRECTOR
         NAME OF DIRECTOR           AGE                 PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION                 
SINCE
         ----------------           ---                 --------------------                --------

Jay C. Hoag(1)....................  42    General Partner of Technology Crossover Ventures    1998
Vacancy...........................

- -------------------------
(1) Member of the audit committee and the compensation committee.

     
Jay C. Hoag has been a director of Autoweb since May 1998.
Since June 1995,
Mr. Hoag has been a General Partner of Technology Crossover Ventures, a venture
capital firm.
From 1982 to December 1994, Mr. Hoag served in a variety of
capacities at Chancellor Capital Management, Inc.
Mr. Hoag currently serves on
the board of directors of eLoyalty, a customer loyalty solutions company, EXE
Technologies, an inventory management solutions company, and Expedia.com, a
consumer travel Internet service.
He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in
Economics and Political Science from Northwestern University and a Masters in
Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS' MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES

     During 2000, the board of directors met 11 times, including telephone
conference meetings and acted by written consent 6 times.
No director attended
fewer than 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the board of
directors (held during the period for which he was a director) and the total
number of meetings held by all committees of the board of directors on which
such director served (during the period that such director served).

     
Standing committees of the board of directors include an audit committee
and a compensation committee.

     
The current members of the audit committee are Messrs. Hoag, Lepard and
Ross.
The audit committee met 3 times during 2000.
The audit committee meets
with Autoweb's independent auditors to review the adequacy of Autoweb's internal
control systems and financial reporting procedures; reviews the general scope of
Autoweb's annual audit and the fees charged by the independent auditors; reviews
and monitors the performance of non-audit services by Autoweb's auditors;
reviews the fairness of any proposed transaction between any officer, director
or other affiliate of Autoweb, and after such review, makes recommendations to
the full board of directors; and performs such further functions as may be
required by any stock exchange or over-the-counter market upon which Autoweb's
common stock may be listed.

     
The current members of the compensation committee are Messrs. Hoag, Lepard
and Ross.
The compensation committee met 3 times and has not acted by written
consent during 2000.
The compensation committee recommends compensation for
officers and employees of Autoweb, grants options and stock awards under
Autoweb's employee benefit plans and reviews and recommends adoption of and
amendments to stock option and employee benefit plans.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

     None of the members of the compensation committee of the board of directors
has at any time since Autoweb's formation been an officer or employee of
Autoweb.
No executive officer of Autoweb serves as a member of the board of
directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers serving on Autoweb's board of directors or compensation committee.


DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

     Autoweb's directors do not receive cash compensation for their services as
directors but are reimbursed for their reasonable and necessary expenses for
attending board of directors and board committee meetings.
Members of the board
of directors who are not employees of Autoweb, or any parent, subsidiary or
affiliate of Autoweb, are eligible to participate in Autoweb's 1999 Directors
Stock Option Plan unless they are representatives of venture capital funds or
corporate investors.

     
In January 1999, Autoweb's board of directors adopted, and in March 1999
its stockholders approved, the 1999 Directors Stock Option Plan.
Autoweb has
reserved a total of 150,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the
directors' plan.
Members of the board of directors who are not employees of
Autoweb, or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Autoweb, will be eligible to
participate in the directors plan unless they are representatives of venture
capital funds or corporate investors.
The option grants under the directors plan
are automatic and nondiscretionary, and the exercise price of the options must
be 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant.
Each
eligible director who becomes a

member of the board of directors will initially be granted an option to purchase
15,000 shares (an "Initial Grant") on the date the director first becomes a
director.
Immediately following each annual meeting of Autoweb's stockholders,
each eligible director will automatically be granted an additional option to
purchase 7,500 shares if the director has served continuously as a member of the
board since the date of the director's Initial Grant.
The term of these options
is ten years, provided that they will terminate seven months following the date
the director ceases to be a director or a consultant of Autoweb or twelve months
if the termination is due to death or disability.
All options granted under the
directors plan will vest over four years at a rate of 2.08% per month, provided
the optionee continues as a member of the board of directors or as a consultant
to Autoweb.
In the event of Autoweb's dissolution or liquidation or a "change in
control" transaction, options granted under the directors plan will become 100%
vested and exercisable in full.

                               
AUTOWEB PROPOSAL 3

          RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF AUTOWEB'S INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

     Autoweb has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as its independent auditors
to perform the audit of Autoweb's financial statements for the year ending
December 31, 2001, and the stockholders are being asked to ratify such
selection.

     
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has been Autoweb's independent auditor since
October 3, 1995.
Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be present
at the annual meeting, with the opportunity to make a statement if they desire
to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.

     
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE
SELECTION OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP.

                                 
FEE DISCLOSURE

AUDIT FEES

     The aggregate fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for professional
services rendered for the audit of Autoweb's annual financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2000 and for the reviews of the financial statements
included in Autoweb's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for that year were
$215,000, of which an aggregate amount of $110,000 has been billed through
December 31, 2000.


FINANCIAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION FEES

     No fees were billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for professional services
rendered for financial information systems design and implementation for the
year ended December 31, 2000.


ALL OTHER FEES

     The aggregate fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for services
rendered to Autoweb, other than for services described above, for the year ended
December 31, 2000 were approximately $17,600.
These other services consisted of
audit and tax related services, such as review of the Securities and Exchange
Commission filings, tax compliance and consultations on accounting and tax
matters.

     
The audit committee has determined that the provision of services rendered
above for financial information systems design and implementation fees, and all
other fees is compatible with maintaining PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP's
independence.

                               
AUTOBYTEL BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Autobytel is an internationally branded online automotive commerce company
that provides consumers with automotive solutions throughout the lifecycle of
vehicle ownership, capturing revenue at multiple stages.
Autobytel owns leading,
branded Internet sites for new and pre-owned vehicle information and automotive
services that link buyers and sellers in an information-rich environment.

Through Autobytel's Web sites, www.autobytel.com and www.carsmart.com, consumers
can research pricing, specifications and other information regarding new and
pre-owned vehicles and purchase, finance, lease, insure, sell or maintain their
vehicles.
Autobytel believes that its services provide benefits for consumers by
supplying them with information to make informed and intelligent vehicle
decisions throughout the lifecycle of vehicle ownership.

     
Consumers can purchase new vehicles through Autobytel's dealer referral
network.
When consumers indicate they are ready to buy a vehicle, they can be
connected to Autobytel's network of over 4,700 participating dealers in North
America as of March 31, 2001, of which approximately 3,500 are Autobytel.com(R)
dealers and approximately 1,200 are CarSmart.com(SM) dealers, with each dealer
representing a particular vehicle make.
Approximately 400 dealers subscribe to
both the Autobytel and CarSmart services.
Dealers participate in Autobytel's
network by entering into non-exclusive contracts with Autobytel.
Autobytel
expects its dealers to promptly provide a haggle-free, competitive offer.
Fees
paid by participating dealers constitute the majority of Autobytel's revenues.

     
Consumers can purchase pre-owned vehicles through Autobytel's Pre-Owned
CyberStore.
The Pre-Owned CyberStore allows consumers to search for a pre-owned
vehicle according to the price, make, model, color, year and location of the
vehicle.
The CyberStore locates and displays the description, location and, if
available, actual photograph of vehicles that satisfy the consumer's search
parameters.

     
Autobytel's MyGarage service area is designed to empower consumers by
providing cost effective and efficient processes for dealing with common service
and maintenance issues.
The site enhances consumer personalization and includes
key components such as access to Autobytel Accredited Service Centers, the
ability to schedule service and maintenance appointments online and receive
information such as service reminders and recall information.

     
Consumers can also apply for and receive insurance, financing, leasing and
warranty proposals as well as other services and information through Autobytel's
Web sites.
In an arrangement with Peoplefirst Autobytel provides consumers with
access to competitive loan rates.
Autobytel also provides a link on its Web
sites so consumers can receive real-time quotes for insurance coverage from
Channelpoint Corporation and submit quote applications online.
Participants in
the program include The Hartford (Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.), The
GE Auto Insurance Program and Ekemper.

     
In 1999 and 2000, Autobytel established joint ventures and entered into
licensing agreements in Europe, Japan and Australia and is exploring additional
opportunities in Europe, Asia and Latin America.
Autobytel receives fees from
licensing agreements.

     
In February 2000, Autobytel acquired A.I.N. Corporation, the owner of
CarSmart, one of the leading online buying sites for new and pre-owned vehicles,
for 1.8 million shares of Autobytel common stock and $3 million in cash.
As of
March 31, 2001, CarSmart had approximately 1,200 dealers, established
relationships with more than 200 credit unions and strategic marketing
agreements with several of the top Internet portals, including AOL.com, Alta
Vista and GO2Net.
Autobytel is currently in the process of integrating the
executive and administrative personnel of CarSmart into its operations.

Autobytel continues to operate CarSmart as a separate Web site, and Autobytel
has not yet determined whether it will integrate it into the Autobytel Web site
in the future.

     
In January 2001, Autobytel introduced iManager(SM), a multi-functional
dealer management system and an upgrade of its Dealer Real Time(R) system.

Autobytel is converting the Autobytel dealers from the Dealer Real Time system
to iManager.
The iManager system provides dealers with immediate purchase

request information for new and pre-owned vehicles, the ability to track
multiple customers and purchase requests, turnkey customer retention programs,
automatic uploading of new and pre-owned vehicle inventory into Autobytel's
database, reporting systems, including transaction status, customer information
and Internet department performance, and other features.
The CarSmart dealers
use a dealer system called SmarTrack.

     
In February 2001, Autobytel signed an agreement with General Motors
Corporation (GM) to conduct a 90-day test of a new GM online locate-to-order
business model.
The model involves modification of Autobytel's existing Web site
for consumers from the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.
The test program,
which commenced on May 1, 2001, combines the independent all makes, all models
capability of Autobytel with a dealer-set online e-price and locate-to-order
vehicle inventory model for Chevrolet vehicles.

     
In May 2001, as part of a periodic review of its business lines, Autobytel
decided to suspend operations of its locate-to-order service, AutobytelDIRECT.

Autobytel believes that the program was unable to attain the scale required to
be profitable.
In the future, Autobytel may reintroduce a locate-to-order
service depending on market conditions.

     
Autobytel is a Delaware corporation incorporated on May 17, 1996.
It was
previously formed in Delaware in January 1995 as a limited liability company
under the name Auto-By-Tel LLC.
Autobytel's principal corporate offices are
located in Irvine, California.
Autobytel completed its initial public offering
in March 1999 and its common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "ABTL.
"

BACKGROUND

     Growth of the Internet and Online Commerce.
The Web and online services
have emerged as significant global communications and commercial media enabling
millions of people worldwide to share information, communicate and conduct
business electronically.
Autobytel believes that the number of Web users will
grow based on a number of factors, including the large and growing base of
installed personal computers in the home and workplace, the decreasing cost of
personal computers, easier, faster and cheaper access to the Internet, the
distribution of broadband applications, the proliferation of Internet content
and the increasing familiarity and acceptance of the Internet by businesses and
consumers.

     
The growth in the use of the Internet has also led to a rapid growth of
online commerce.
Web commerce sites are enabling businesses to target and manage
a broad customer base and establish and maintain ongoing direct customer
relationships.
As a growing number of businesses and information providers have
begun marketing on the Web, it has rapidly become a medium in which consumers
can access a vast amount of information regarding the pricing, quality and
specification of products.
Additionally, online transactions can be faster, less
expensive and more convenient than transactions conducted in person or over the
telephone.

     
The Automotive Vehicle Market.
Automotive dealers operate in localized
markets and face significant state regulations and increasing business
pressures.
These fragmented markets, with approximately 47,000 dealers in
aggregate, are characterized by:

     - a perceived overabundance of dealerships,

     - competitive sales within regional markets,

     - increasing advertising and marketing costs that continue to reduce dealer
       profits,

     - high-pressure sales tactics with consumers, and

     - large investments by dealers in real estate, construction, personnel and
       other overhead expenses.

     
In addition, consumers have traditionally entered into the highly
negotiated sales process with relatively little information regarding
manufacturer's costs, leasing costs, financing costs, relative specifications
and other important information.
Buying a vehicle is considered to be one of the
most significant purchases a United States consumer makes.
According to Manheim
Auctions, approximately

$744 billion and $702 billion was spent on new and pre-owned vehicles in the
United States representing the sale of approximately 59 million and 58 million
vehicles in 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Although automotive retailing attracts
significant consumer dollars, Autobytel believes that consumers associate the
traditional vehicle buying experience with high-pressure sales tactics.


THE AUTOBYTEL.COM SOLUTION

     Autobytel believes that its online products and services improve the
vehicle purchasing process for both consumers and dealers.
Autobytel offers
consumers information-rich Web sites, numerous tools to configure this
information, and a quality fulfillment experience.
As part of the fulfillment
experience, Autobytel expects its dealers to provide competitive price quotes
for new and pre-owned vehicles.
Autobytel believes its services enable dealers
to reduce personnel and marketing costs, increase consumer satisfaction and
increase customer volume.

     
Benefits to Consumers.
Autobytel's Web sites provide consumers free of
charge up-to-date specifications and pricing information on vehicles.
In
addition, Autobytel's consumers gain easy access to valuable automotive
information, such as dealer invoice pricing and tools consisting of a lease
calculator, a loan calculator to determine monthly payments and a lease or buy
decision assistant.
Autobytel's database of articles allows consumers to perform
online library research by accessing documents such as weekly automotive
reports, consumer reviews and manufacturer brochures.
Various automotive
information service providers, such as Edmund's, Kelley Blue Book, Pace
Publication's Carprice.com and IntelliChoice, are also available on Autobytel's
Web site to assist consumers with specific vehicle and related automotive
decisions such as insurance and financing.
Armed with such information, the
consumer should be more confident and capable of making an informed and
intelligent vehicle buying decision.

     
Autobytel believes it offers consumers a significantly different vehicle
purchasing experience from that of traditional methods.
Consumers using
Autobytel's Web sites are able to shop for a vehicle, and make financing and
insurance decisions from the convenience of their own home or office.
Autobytel
expects dealers to provide consumers a haggle-free price quote within 24 hours
and a high level of customer service.
Autobytel forms its dealer relationships
after careful analysis of automotive sales and demographic data in each region.

Autobytel seeks to include in its dealer network the highest quality dealers
within defined territories.

     Benefits to Dealers.
Autobytel believes it benefits dealers by reducing the
dealers' incremental personnel and marketing costs, increasing consumer
satisfaction and increasing sales volume.
Through Autobytel's investment in
national advertising and brand recognition of Autobytel and CarSmart, it
attracts consumers to Autobytel's Web sites and, based on the consumers'
preference, Autobytel directs them to dealers in their local area.
Autobytel
believes this provides dealers access to a larger number of prequalified
consumers.
Autobytel believes dealers' personnel costs should be reduced because
Autobytel provides dealers access to potential purchasers who have completed
their research and should be ready to buy or lease a vehicle.
As a result,
reaching these consumers and selling or leasing them vehicles costs the dealer
little or no additional overhead expense other than the fees paid to Autobytel
and the personnel costs of a dedicated manager.
Through Autobytel's iManager and
Dealer Real Time systems, Autobytel provides dealers with on-site technology to
better track sales, inventory, customer solicitations, responses and other
communications.

     
By providing consumers a quality fulfillment experience, Autobytel seeks to
provide its dealers a large number of consumers, which allows them to compete
more effectively.
Autobytel's solution includes a network of over 4,700
participating dealers in the United States and Canada, as of March 31, 2001,
representing every major domestic and imported make of vehicles and light
trucks.

     
To incent a dealer to participate in the Autobytel or CarSmart network,
Autobytel allocates each dealer an exclusive geographic territory in such
network based upon specific vehicle make.
A territory allocated by Autobytel to
a dealer is generally larger than a territory assigned to a dealer by a
manufacturer.

     
Autobytel's Web Sites.
Because Web sites can be continually updated and
provide a large quantity of quality information, Autobytel believes the Internet
offers the most efficient medium for consumers to learn about and shop for
vehicles.
The Internet's global reach to consumers allows Autobytel to leverage
its investment in branding and marketing across a very large national and
international audience to create qualified purchase requests for vehicles.
For
these reasons, Autobytel also believes that the Internet represents the most
efficient method of directing purchase requests to local markets and dealers.

     
Autobytel currently provides the following services on its Autobytel.com
Web site:

                                  
[FLOW CHART]

     CarSmart currently provides the following services on its Web site:

                                  
[FLOW CHART]

STRATEGY

     Autobytel's primary objective is to connect buyers and sellers in an
information-rich environment throughout the vehicle ownership lifecycle.

Autobytel intends to achieve this objective through the following principal
strategies:

     Continue to Build Brand Equity.
Autobytel believes that due to its focus on
both online and traditional marketing, it owns two of the leading brand names in
its sector.
Autobytel intends to continue to market and advertise to enhance its
brand recognition with consumers.
Autobytel believes that continuing to
strengthen brand awareness of the Autobytel and CarSmart names among consumers
is critical to attract vehicle buyers, increase purchase requests and, in turn,
maintain and increase the size of Autobytel's dealer base.
Autobytel intends to
continue advertising on the Internet and through traditional media, such as
television, radio and print publications.

     
Ensure the Highest Quality Consumer Experience.
Autobytel believes that
consumer satisfaction and loyalty is heavily influenced by the consumer's
experience with its sites and with its dealers.
In order to enhance Autobytel's
appeal to consumers, Autobytel intends to continue developing its Web sites by
enhancing vehicle information and personalization.
Autobytel formed I-Net
Training Technologies LLC with third parties to provide dealers with more
extensive training and tools to facilitate Internet selling of vehicles.
In
addition, Autobytel plans to continue compiling high quality content from third
party sources on its sites, including information from Edmund's, IntelliChoice,
Carprices.com and Kelley Blue Book.
Autobytel believes that consumer
satisfaction with the vehicle purchasing experience is also essential to its
success and the differentiation of its services from those of its competitors.

Autobytel intends to continue to invest in its dealer training and support
services to ensure a consistent, high-quality alternative to the traditional
vehicle buying process.

     
Increase Purchase Requests.
Autobytel believes that increasing the volume
and quality of purchase requests directed from its Web sites to its dealer
networks is crucial to the long-term growth and success of Autobytel's business.

By augmenting the volume of quality purchase requests, Autobytel expects to
attract additional dealers to Autobytel's networks, increase fees paid by
dealers, and solidify its relationships with participating dealers.
Autobytel's
strategy for increasing traffic to its sites and the number of purchase requests
includes forming and maintaining online sponsorships and alliances with Internet
portals and with Internet automotive information providers.
As part of
Autobytel's strategy to improve the quality of purchase requests, Autobytel
continues to expand the breadth and depth of information and services available
through Autobytel's Web sites so that well informed, ready-to-buy consumers can
be directed to participating dealers.

     
Expand and Improve Dealer Network.
Autobytel believes that strengthening
the size and quality of its dealer networks is important to the success and
growth of Autobytel's business.
Autobytel's strategy is to increase the size of
its dealer networks by attracting new dealers and strengthening relationships
with existing dealers by:

     - increasing the volume and quality of purchase requests,

     - advertising in trade publications aimed at dealers and participating in
       industry trade shows,

     - maintaining Autobytel's extensive training and support programs to
       participating dealers, and

     - providing Autobytel's iManager, Dealer Real Time or SmarTrack systems, as
       applicable, to all participating dealers.

     
Invest in Related Products and Services.
Autobytel believes that expanding
its products and services to both consumers and dealers is critical to establish
itself as the premier provider of online automotive products and services.

Autobytel's strategy is to continue to enhance personalization features and
invest in related products and services, such as the CyberStore, maintenance and
service, and warranty, finance and insurance services.
The iManager, Dealer Real
Time and SmarTrack systems will allow Autobytel to launch new products and
services for Autobytel's dealers.
Autobytel also allows dealers to offer
accessories directly through its Web sites.
Autobytel expanded the advertising
sales on its Web sites and marketed the

information in its database in accordance with its privacy policy.
Autobytel
expects to further expand these businesses.

     
Expand Internationally.
Autobytel intends to continue its international
expansion through licensing agreements and joint ventures with local strategic
investors.
In January 2000, Autobytel.
Europe LLC and Autobytel entered into an
operating agreement with Inchcape plc, Pon Holdings B.V. and GE Capital Equity
Holdings, Inc. to expand its existing operations and business throughout Europe.

Autobytel licensed its technology, business processes and trade name to
Autobytel.
Europe on a royalty free perpetual basis and contributed to
Autobytel.
Europe its existing license agreements for the United Kingdom and
Scandinavia and Finland.
In turn, Autobytel.
Europe intends to license such
technology, business processes and trade name to other national operating
companies in European countries.
Autobytel.
Europe will usually invest in such
national operating companies or obtain options to acquire equity positions in
such companies.
Autobytel.
Europe currently has licensing agreements for the
United Kingdom, Sweden, Spain and The Netherlands and intends to establish
licensing agreements in Germany, France and Italy as well as certain other
countries in Western and Eastern Europe.
Autobytel has also established joint
ventures in Japan and Australia with several strategic investors.
Autobytel is
currently exploring additional opportunities in Asia and Latin America.

PRODUCTS, PROGRAMS AND SERVICES

     New Vehicle Purchasing Service.
Autobytel's new vehicle purchasing service
enables consumers to shop for and select a new vehicle through its Web sites by
providing research on new vehicles such as pricing, features, specifications and
colors.
When consumers indicate they are ready to buy a vehicle, a consumer can
complete a purchase request online, which specifies the type of vehicle and
accessories the consumer desires, along with the consumer's contact information.

The purchase request is then routed by Autobytel to the nearest participating
dealer that sells the type of vehicle requested, and Autobytel promptly returns
an e-mail message to the consumer with the dealership's name and phone number
and the name of the dedicated manager at the dealership.
Dealers agree in their
contracts to contact the consumer within 24 hours of receiving the purchase
request with a firm, haggle-free price quote for the requested vehicle.
When
consumers complete their purchase, they usually take delivery of their vehicle
at the dealership showroom.
Generally, within 14 days of the submission of a
consumer's purchase request, Autobytel contacts the consumer again by e-mail to
conduct a quality assurance survey that allows Autobytel to evaluate the sales
process at participating dealers and improve the quality of dealer service.

     
Autobytel's network had over 4,700 dealers as of March 31, 2001, which
represents a decline from the number of dealers Autobytel had as of December 31,
2000, of which approximately 3,500 are Autobytel dealers and approximately 1,200
are CarSmart dealers.
Approximately 400 dealers subscribe to both the
Autobytel.com and CarSmart.com services.
These dealers represent every major
domestic and imported make of vehicle and light truck sold in the United States
and Canada.
Dealerships are charged initial subscription fees and on-going fees,
principally on a monthly basis.

     
Pre-Owned CyberStore.
Autobytel launched its CyberStore program in April
1997.
The CyberStore allows consumers to search for a certified or non-certified
pre-owned vehicle according to specific search parameters such as the price,
make, model, mileage, year and location of the vehicle.
CyberStore locates and
displays the description, location and, if available, actual digital photograph
of vehicles that satisfy the search parameters.
The consumer can then complete a
formal purchase request for a specific vehicle and is contacted by the dealer to
conclude the sale.
To be listed in the CyberStore a certified pre-owned vehicle
must pass an extensive inspection and be covered by a 72-hour money-back
guarantee and a three-month, 3,000-mile warranty, which is honored nationally by
certified Pre-Owned CyberStore dealers.
Autobytel charges each vehicle dealer
that participates in the CyberStore program a separate additional monthly fee.

The CyberStore program uses the iManager and Dealer Real Time systems to provide
participating dealers online purchase requests shortly after submission by
consumers as well as the ability to track their inventory on a real-time basis.

     Service and Maintenance.
In June 1999, Autobytel launched a comprehensive
site designed to facilitate the service process for consumers.
The site is
designed to empower consumers with cost effective and efficient processes for
dealing with common service and maintenance issues.
The site enhances consumer
personalization.
It includes key components such as access to Autobytel
Accredited Service Centers and the ability to schedule service and maintenance
appointments online.
At the My Garage area consumers can store and receive
information about their cars and trucks, such as service reminders, recall
information and a lease watch to help keep track of mileage on a leased vehicle.

The site offers "Ask the Expert", a section that offers answers to frequently
asked service and maintenance questions.
In addition, the site offers travel and
weather information as well as maps.

     
Participating service centers must commit to respond to consumers within 24
hours with competitive no-haggle service prices.
The site enables dealers to use
the Internet to further serve their customers.

     
Other Related Products and Services.
Autobytel offers a number of related
products and services that it markets to consumers through its Web sites and the
linked Web sites of participating third party providers.
Autobytel makes
purchase and lease financing available to consumers through Peoplefirst that
allow consumers to research and apply for vehicle financing online in a secure
manner.
Consumers can apply for a loan or lease online at the time they submit
their purchase request for either a new or pre-owned vehicle.
Consumers are able
to arrive at the dealership with their loan pre-approved and their credit
verification documents in hand.
Autobytel believes that the convenience of
pre-approved purchase or lease financing, combined with a firm, competitive
price, enables dealers more easily to consummate purchase requests.
Peoplefirst
pays Autobytel a referral fee and an origination fee for most loans.

     
Autobytel provides a link on its Web sites so consumers can receive
real-time quotes for insurance coverage from Channelpoint Corporation and submit
quote applications online.
Participants in the program include The Hartford
(Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.), The GE Auto Insurance Program and
Ekemper.
As of March 31, 2001, the service was available to consumers in 37
states and the District of Columbia.
Autobytel typically receives a marketing
fee for every quote application sent to a participating insurance company or
agent by a consumer accessing the Channelpoint Web site through its Web sites.

In addition, Autobytel provides Warrantybynet Inc.'s warranty products and
receive fees per warranty sold.

     
Autobytel offers information concerning all aspects of owning and leasing
new and pre-owned vehicles that it believes makes its Web sites valuable
resources to consumers.
Autobytel also offers a lease calculator and a loan
calculator to determine monthly payments and a lease or buy decision tool.

     
The iManager System.
In 1997, Autobytel launched a proprietary technology
and software system called the Dealer Real Time system.
The Dealer Real Time
system is an Internet-based communications platform that gives dealers a
competitive advantage compared to delivering purchase requests by fax.
In
January 2001 Autobytel launched iManager, an upgrade of the Dealer Real Time
system.

     
Using Internet technology, the iManager system enables the dealer to:

     - instantaneously access a consumer's vehicle purchase request as soon as
       the consumer submits it online,

     - consolidate Internet leads from multiple sources and showroom traffic in
       a single application,

     - track all interaction with the consumer,

     - accelerate dealer response time to consumers' online vehicle purchase
       requests,

     - send e-mail to consumers using a variety of predetermined templates,

     - access purchase requests through web-enabled cellular phones and wireless
       handheld devices,

     - input new and used vehicle inventory information for immediate display to
       consumers on Autobytel Web pages,

     - track dealership performance through a series of reports available
       online,

     - access Autobytel "news" and product information online, and

     - contact Autobytel technical support personnel via e-mail links.

     
CarSmart dealers use the SmarTrack dealer system.
Autobytel is currently
evaluating whether to standardize all of its dealers on a single system.


INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES

     Autobytel has established and intends to further expand its presence in
foreign markets through licensing agreements and by establishing relationships
with vehicle dealers and strategic investors located in foreign markets.

     Europe.
Autobytel established Autobytel.
Europe with strategic investors to
expand its operations in Europe.
Autobytel licensed its technology, business
processes and trade name to Autobytel.
Europe on a royalty free perpetual basis
and contributed to Autobytel.
Europe its existing license agreements for the
United Kingdom and Scandinavia and Finland.
Autobytel.
Europe intends to license
such technology, business processes and trade name to national operating
companies in European countries.
Autobytel.
Europe will generally invest in such
national operating companies or obtain options to acquire equity positions in
such companies.
Autobytel.
Europe also intends to offer joint services to such
companies to localize the Autobytel offerings while building its brand name
among consumers in individual countries as well as on a Pan-European and
regional basis.
The strategic investors in Autobytel.
Europe are GE Capital
Equity Holdings, Inc., Inchcape plc, the United Kingdom's largest independent
importer and distributor of motor vehicles, Pon Holdings B.V., a major
distributor of vehicles in The Netherlands, e-LaSer, a leader in customer
services and e-commerce in Europe and a subsidiary of Galeries Lafayette Group
and Continental AG, a major tire manufacturer.
As of March 31, 2001, Autobytel
owned 77% of Autobytel.
Europe.

     
The license agreement with Auto-by-Tel UK limited, a subsidiary of Inchcape
plc, is a 20-year exclusive agreement to license Autobytel's technology,
business processes and trade name in the United Kingdom, as well as provide
maintenance and development for such technology.
The license agreement with
Auto-By-Tel AB is a similar 10-year exclusive agreement for Sweden.
The United
Kingdom and Swedish sites were launched in April 1999.
As of March 31, 2001,
Autobytel.
Europe owned 15% of Auto-By-Tel AB.
Autobytel.
Europe entered into
10-year exclusive license agreements for The Netherlands and Spain.
The
Netherlands and Spanish sites were launched in February 2001.
Autobytel.
Europe
intends to establish licensing agreements in Germany, France and Italy as well
as other countries in Western and Eastern Europe.

     Japan.
In June 1999 Autobytel established Autobytel Japan Kabushiki Kaisha
with six Japanese investors.
Autobytel entered into a 10-year exclusive
agreement with Autobytel Japan to license its technology, business processes and
trade name in Japan.
The strategic investors in Autobytel Japan are ITOCHU
Corporation, a global trading company with approximately $110 billion in
revenue; Intec, Inc., a leading independent systems integrator and network
service provider with its own infrastructure in Japan; e-solutions, inc., an
e-commerce solutions provider from business plan to implementation; Recruit Co.,
Ltd., the publisher of Japan's most widely recognized auto-related magazine;
Orient Corporation, a leading consumer finance company in Japan; and
TransCosmos, a leading network services company in Japan.
GE Capital is also an
investor in Autobytel Japan.
Autobytel Japan launched its Web site in November
1999.
As of March 31, 2001, Autobytel owned 26% of Autobytel Japan.

     Australia.
In February 2000 Autobytel established autobytel Australia Pty
Limited with six Australian investors.
Autobytel entered into a 10-year
exclusive agreement with Autobytel Australia to license its technology, business
processes and trade name in Australia as well as to localize the Autobytel
offerings for the Australian market.
The strategic investors in Australia are
St. George Bank Limited, one of Australia's largest banks with over 20 years
experience in the automotive finance industry; Trading Post, Australia's largest
print and online used car market; Astre Automotive, Australia's largest vehicle
distributor and importer; RACV (Royal Automobile Club of Victoria), with
approximately 1.3 million

members; Fortis Insurance, one of Australia's largest automotive insurance
companies; and Strathfield E-Ventures, a technology based company specializing
in e-commerce sales of auto accessories with extensive automotive e-commerce
knowledge.
Autobytel Australia launched its Web site in October 2000.
As of
March 31, 2001, Autobytel owned 30% of Autobytel Australia.

     Canada.
Through Autobytel's wholly-owned subsidiary, Autobytel.ca inc.,
Autobytel launched Autobytel.ca in Canada in 1998.
As of March 31, 2001,
approximately 200 Canadian dealerships belonged to Autobytel's network.

     
Expansion Opportunities.
Autobytel is currently exploring additional
opportunities in Europe, Asia and Latin America.

     
Revenues from Autobytel's customers outside of the United States were less
than 10% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000 and December
31, 1999.


MARKETING AND SALES

     Autobytel's ability to enhance the recognition of its brand names,
domestically and internationally, and position itself as a leading
Internet-based vehicle information and automotive services provider is important
to its efforts to increase the number of vehicle purchase requests and requests
for ancillary services, as well as the number and quality of subscribing
dealerships.
Over the past several years, Autobytel has been the subject of
numerous newspaper, magazine, radio and television stories.
Articles about its
new vehicle program have appeared in Business Week, Fortune, Forbes, Time, and
The Wall Street Journal, among other publications.
Television stories featuring
Autobytel have been aired nationally on all major television networks.
Autobytel
believes that ongoing media coverage is an important element in creating
consumer awareness of its brand names and has contributed to dealership
awareness of, and participation in, Autobytel's programs.

     
Autobytel has established marketing and advertising programs with many of
the leading automotive information providers on the Internet, including
Edmund's, IntelliChoice and Kelley Blue Book which direct traffic to its Web
site and increase purchase requests.
Autobytel's agreements with automotive
information providers typically have a term of one year.

     
In the first quarter of 2001 and the year 2000, approximately 33% and 17%
of Autobytel's total purchase requests originated from StoneAge Corporation,
respectively.
Autobytel's agreement with StoneAge, pursuant to which it receives
referrals from StoneAge's Web site, is scheduled to expire in March 2002.

StoneAge provides Autobytel with the largest number of purchase requests other
than consumers visiting the Autobytel Web site directly.
Autobytel pays StoneAge
based on a per purchase request basis.

     
Autobytel's agreement with NBC Internet provides for anchor tenancy in the
New Car Center on its Web site, NBCi.com, as well as other promotions on its Web
site.
The agreement also provides for a co-branded Web site.
The agreement is
for a term of three years expiring in March 2002.
Autobytel pays NBCi annual and
monthly fees.

     
As of March 31, 2001, the aggregate minimum future payments under
Autobytel's agreements with Internet portals was $10.5 million.

     
During the first quarter of 2001 and the year 2000, Autobytel's total
Internet marketing and advertising costs incurred were $6.2 million and $20.6
million, respectively.
Annual, monthly and variable fees were $0.2 million, $1.5
million, and $4.5 million, respectively, in the first quarter of 2001 and $0.6
million, $7.5 million and $12.0 million, respectively, in the year 2000.
Setup
and initial fees in the year 2000 were $0.5 million.

     
Autobytel supplements its Internet presence with television, radio and
print advertising.
In late 1996, Autobytel began to broaden its marketing
efforts with a campaign to accelerate consumer awareness of the Autobytel brand
name and drive traffic to its Web site through cable television advertisements
featured on

CNN and CNET, Inc. and network television advertisements featured on NBC and
MSNBC.
Autobytel expects to continue to use television advertising to strengthen
its brand awareness.

     
In addition to Autobytel's consumer-oriented marketing activities, it also
markets its programs directly to dealerships, participates in trade shows,
advertises in trade publications and major automotive magazines and encourages
subscribing dealerships to recommend its program to other dealerships.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     Autobytel has registered service marks, including "Auto-By-Tel",
"Autobytel.com" and its "Autobytel.com logo" and has applied for additional
service marks and numerous patents.
Autobytel regards its trademarks, service
marks and brand names as important to its business.


DEALER RELATIONSHIPS AND SERVICES

     Dealer Network.
Dealers participate in Autobytel's networks by entering
into contracts with Autobytel.
Autobytel is converting its dealers to new
contracts with one-year terms that are terminable on 30 days' notice by either
party.
Autobytel's dealerships are located in most major metropolitan areas in
the United States and Canada.
As of March 31, 2001, the Autobytel participating
dealership base totaled approximately 3,500 dealers.
Dealerships pay initiation
and monthly fees to subscribe to Autobytel's online marketing program.
Both the
initial and monthly subscription fees are established in the contract and are
based upon many business factors including the type and location of the
franchise.
Autobytel reserves the right to raise its fees to dealers upon 30
days notice after the first six months of the term.
Autobytel does not prevent
dealers from entering into agreements with its competitors.

     
CarSmart's dealer agreements are generally for a term of three years and
are terminable on 30 days' notice by CarSmart.
As of March 31, 2001, the
CarSmart participating dealership base totaled approximately 1,200 dealers.

CarSmart's dealers pay initial, annual and monthly subscription fees.
CarSmart
reserves the right to revise fees after six months.
CarSmart is converting its
dealers to new contracts with one year terms and no annual fees.

     
As of March 31, 2001, dealers that participated in both the Autobytel and
CarSmart new vehicle purchasing services totaled approximately 400.

     Customer Support.
Autobytel actively monitors subscribing dealers through
ongoing customer surveys, and research conducted by its internal dealer support
group.
Generally, within 14 days after a consumer submits a purchase request
through one of Autobytel's Web sites, Autobytel re-contacts the consumer by
e-mail requesting completion of a quality assurance survey that allows Autobytel
to evaluate the sales process at participating dealers.
Additionally, Autobytel
performs telephone surveys of its customers to further support the information
gained from the written quality assurance surveys.
Dealerships that fail to
abide by Autobytel's program guidelines or who generate repeated consumer
complaints are reviewed and, if appropriate, terminated.
In return for requiring
a high level of consumer service, Autobytel assigns participating dealerships
exclusive territories.
Autobytel tries to assign dealers attractive territories
in order to increase participation in its program.

     
Each dealer agreement obligates the dealers to adhere to Autobytel's policy
of providing prompt responses to customers, no haggle pricing and full
disclosure regarding vehicle availability, add-ons and related matters.

Autobytel requires each dealer to have a manager whose principal responsibility
is supervising its system, similar to the way in which most dealers have a new
vehicle sales manager, pre-owned vehicle sales manager and service and parts
department managers who are responsible for those dealership functions.

Autobytel reserves the right to reduce or modify each dealer's assigned
territory after the first six months, although there can be no assurance that a
dealer whose territory is reduced or modified will not contest such a change or
terminate its subscription.
Autobytel cannot be sure that dealers whose
territories are reduced or modified by it will not pursue legal action against
it in an effort to prevent the change or recover damages.

     
Training.
Autobytel believes that dealers and their employees require
specialized training to learn the skills necessary to serve the Internet user
and take full advantage of Autobytel's proprietary systems.
Therefore, Autobytel
has developed an extensive training program for its dealers.
Autobytel believes
that this training is critical to enhancing its brand and reputation.
Autobytel
requires participating dealerships to have their representatives trained on its
system.
Training is conducted at Autobytel's headquarters in Irvine, California,
at regional training centers and at dealerships' premises.
In training its
dealers, Autobytel de-emphasizes traditional vehicle selling techniques and
emphasizes the Autobytel approach.
To increase consumer satisfaction and reduce
costs, Autobytel seeks to discourage dealerships from using commissioned and
multiple salespersons to interface with its customers.
In October 1999,
Autobytel formed I-Net Training Technologies LLC with third parties to provide
dealers with more extensive training and tools to facilitate Internet selling of
vehicles.
Such services are provided for a fee.


COMPETITION

     Autobytel believes that the principal competitive factors affecting the
market for Internet-based vehicle marketing services include:

     - brand name recognition,

     - speed and quality of fulfillment,

     - variety of related products and services,

     - ease of use,

     - customer satisfaction,

     - quality of service, and

     - technical expertise.

     
Autobytel's vehicle purchasing services compete against a variety of
Internet and traditional vehicle buying services, automotive brokers and
classifieds.
Many of such competitors are substantially better financed than
Autobytel is.
In the Internet-based market, Autobytel competes with other
entities which maintain similar commercial Web sites including AutoVantage,
Microsoft Corporation's CarPoint, CarsDirect.com, Cars.com and AutoTrader.com.

AutoNation, a large consolidator of dealers, has a Web site for marketing
vehicles.
Autobytel also competes indirectly against vehicle brokerage firms and
affinity programs offered by several companies, including Costco Wholesale
Corporation and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
In addition, all major vehicle
manufacturers have their own Web sites and many have launched online buying
services, such as General Motors Corporation's BuyPower and Ford Motor Company's
FordDirect.com.

     
Autobytel also competes with vehicle insurers, lenders and lessors as well
as individual dealerships.
Such companies may already maintain or may introduce
Web sites which compete with Autobytel's.
Autobytel cannot assure that it can
compete successfully against current or future competitors, many of which have
substantially more capital, resources and access to additional financing than it
does, nor can there be any assurance that competitive pressures faced by
Autobytel will not result in increased marketing costs, decreased Web site
traffic or loss of market share or otherwise will not materially and adversely
affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
Autobytel
competes primarily on brand name recognition acquired through early entry into
the Internet-based automotive purchase referral market and through customer and
dealer satisfaction.


OPERATIONS AND TECHNOLOGY

     Autobytel believes that its future success is significantly dependent upon
its ability to continue to deliver high-performance and reliable Web sites,
enhance consumer/dealer communications, maintain the highest levels of
information privacy and ensure transactional security.
Autobytel currently hosts
its Web site at its data center.
Its data center includes redundant
infrastructure and network connections and is

located at Autobytel's headquarters in Irvine, California.
In the future,
Autobytel may host its infrastructure at a leading Application Service Provider.

Autobytel's network and computer systems are built on the leading industry
standards.
Network security is provided by utilizing standard products.

CarSmart's site is hosted by a third party.

     
System enhancements are primarily intended to accommodate increased traffic
across Autobytel's Web sites, improve the speed in which purchase requests are
processed and introduce new and enhanced products and services.
System
enhancements entail the implementation of sophisticated new technology and
system processes.


GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     Currently few laws or regulations have been adopted that apply directly to
Internet business activities.
The adoption of additional local, state, national
or international laws or regulations may decrease the growth of Internet usage
or the acceptance of Internet commerce.

     
Autobytel believes that its dealer marketing services do not constitute
franchising or vehicle brokerage activity in a way that makes franchise, motor
vehicle dealer, or vehicle broker licensing laws applicable to Autobytel.

Through a subsidiary, Autobytel is licensed as a motor vehicle dealer and
broker.
However, if individual state regulatory requirements change or
additional requirements are imposed on Autobytel, it may be required to modify
its service programs in such a state in a manner which may undermine its
program's attractiveness to consumers or dealers or not offer such service or
terminate its operations in such a state.
As Autobytel introduces new services,
it may need to comply with additional licensing regulations and regulatory
requirements.

     
Autobytel's services may result in changes in the way vehicles are
currently sold or may be viewed as threatening by new and pre-owned vehicle
dealers who do not subscribe to its programs.
Such businesses are often
represented by influential lobbying organizations, and such organizations or
other persons may propose legislation that, if adopted, could impact Autobytel's
evolving marketing and distribution model.

     
Other countries to which Autobytel expands its operations may have laws or
be subject to treaties that regulate the marketing, distribution, and sale of
vehicles.
As Autobytel considers specific foreign operations, it will need to
determine whether the laws of the countries in which it seeks to operate require
it to modify its program or otherwise change the Autobytel system or prohibit
the use of the system in such country entirely.
In addition, the laws of a
foreign country may impose licensing, bonding or similar requirements on
Autobytel as a condition to doing business there.

     
To date, Autobytel has not expended significant resources on lobbying or
related government affairs issues but may be required to do so in the future.

     
Franchise Classification.
If Autobytel's relationship or written agreement
with its dealers was found to be a "franchise" under federal or state franchise
laws, Autobytel could be subjected to additional regulations, including but not
limited to licensing, increased reporting and disclosure requirements.

Compliance with varied laws, regulations, and enforcement characteristics found
in each state may require Autobytel to allocate both staff time and monetary
resources, each of which may have an adverse affect on its results of
operations.
As an additional risk, if Autobytel's dealer relationship or
subscription agreement is determined to establish a franchise, Autobytel may be
subject to limitations on its ability to quickly and efficiently effect changes
in its dealer relationships in response to changing market trends, which may
negatively impact its ability to compete in the marketplace.

     
Autobytel believes that neither its relationship with its subscribing
dealers nor its dealer subscription agreements themselves constitute
"franchises" under federal or state franchise laws.
This belief has been upheld
by a Federal Appeals Court in Michigan that ruled Autobytel's business
relationship and its dealer subscription agreement does not rise to the level of
a "franchise" under Michigan law.

     
Vehicle Brokerage Activities.
Autobytel believes that state motor vehicles
dealer or broker licensing laws do not apply to it.
Through a wholly-owned
subsidiary, Autobytel is licensed as a motor vehicle dealer

and broker.
Autobytel may be required to pay administrative fees, fines, and
penalties for failure to comply with such licensing requirements.
Autobytel
believes that its dealer marketing referral service model does not qualify as an
automobile brokerage activity.

     
In response to concerns about its marketing referral program raised by the
Texas Department of Transportation, Autobytel modified its program in that state
to achieve compliance.
These modifications included a unique pricing model under
which all subscribing dealerships in Texas are charged uniform fees based on the
population density of their particular geographic area and opening its program
to all dealerships who wish to apply.

     
In the event that any other state's regulatory requirements impose state
specific requirements on Autobytel or include Autobytel within an
industry-specific regulatory scheme, Autobytel may be required to modify its
marketing programs in such states in a manner which may undermine the program's
attractiveness to consumers or dealers.
In the alternative, if Autobytel
determines that the licensing and related requirements are overly burdensome,
Autobytel may elect to terminate operations in such state.
In each case,
Autobytel's business, results of operations and financial condition could be
materially and adversely affected.

     
Financing Related Activities.
Autobytel provides a connection through its
Web sites that allows a consumer to obtain finance information and loan
approval.
Autobytel does not demand nor does it receive any fees from consumers
for this service.
In the event states require Autobytel to be licensed as a
financial broker, Autobytel intends to obtain such licenses.
Autobytel may be
unable to comply with a state's regulations affecting its current operations or
newly introduced services, or it could be required to incur significant fees and
expenses to license or be compelled to discontinue finance operations in those
states.

     
Insurance Related Activities.
Autobytel provides a link on its Web sites so
consumers can receive real time quotes for insurance coverage from Channelpoint
Corporation and submit quote applications online.
Participants in the program
include The Hartford (Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.), The GE Auto
Insurance Program and Ekemper.
Autobytel typically receives a marketing fee for
every quote application sent to a participating insurance company or agent by a
consumer accessing the Channelpoint Web site through Autobytel's Web sites.

Autobytel receives no premiums from consumers nor does it charge consumers fees
for its services.
All applications are completed on Channelpoint's Web site.

     
Autobytel does not believe that its activity requires it to be licensed
under state insurance laws.
The use of the Internet in the marketing of
insurance products, however, is a relatively new practice.
It is not clear
whether or to what extent state insurance licensing laws apply to activities
similar to Autobytel's.
Given this uncertainty, Autobytel has proactively
applied for and currently holds, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, insurance
agent licenses or is otherwise authorized to transact insurance in 47 states and
the District of Columbia.


EMPLOYEES

     As of April 30, 2001, Autobytel had a total of 250 employees, including 12
employees of CarSmart and 25 employees of Autobytel.
Europe.
Autobytel also
utilizes independent contractors as required.
None of Autobytel's employees are
represented by a labor union.
Autobytel has not experienced any work stoppages
and considers its employee relations to be good.


PROPERTIES

     Autobytel's headquarters are located in a single office building in Irvine,
California.
Autobytel occupies four floors, for a total of approximately 49,000
square feet.
Each floor is leased with expiration dates ranging from September
2001 through February 2002.
CarSmart's operations occupy approximately 2,700
square feet in a single office building in San Ramon, California.
The lease for
this office space expires in March 2003.
Autobytel.
Europe is located in a single
office building in The Netherlands and occupies approximately 1,800 square
meters.
The lease expires in August 2005.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     A.I.N. was sued on September 1, 1999 in a lawsuit entitled Robert Martins
v. Michael J. Gorun, A.I.N., Inc., et al., in Los Angeles Superior Court.
The
complaint contains causes of action for breach of written and oral contracts,
promissory estoppel, breach of fiduciary duty and fraud, and seeks damages and
equitable relief.
The plaintiff contends he is entitled to a 49.9% ownership
interest in A.I.N.'s CarSmart online business based on a purported agreement for
the formation of a company called CarSmart On-Line Services.
On December 14,
1999, A.I.N. filed a complaint for declaratory relief on the subject of Mr.
Martins' lawsuit in Contra Costa County Superior Court.
The Los Angeles action
has been transferred to Contra Costa County and the two cases have been
consolidated.
Autobytel was added as a cross defendant in such action.
The
lawsuit is and will be vigorously contested on behalf of Autobytel and A.I.N.

     The selling stockholders of A.I.N. are obligated to fully indemnify
Autobytel for all losses, including attorney's fees, expenses, settlements and
judgments, arising out of the lawsuit.
The indemnification obligation was
initially secured by 450,000 shares of Autobytel common stock transferred to the
selling stockholders as part of the acquisition of A.I.N., as well as $250,000
in cash.
As of April 30, 2001, the obligation was secured by the 373,068 shares
of common stock and $126,000 in cash after expenses.

     
On July 15, 1998, Autobytel and certain of its past and current officers
were sued by former employee Thomas Heshion in a lawsuit entitled Thomas
Heshion, et al. v. Auto-By-Tel Corporation, et al. in Orange County Superior
Court.
Plaintiff claimed that he was wrongfully terminated and that Autobytel
and its officers interfered with an oral agreement between plaintiff and another
co-worker for the purchase of the co-worker's Autobytel stock.
Summary judgment
was granted on the claims alleging interference with the alleged stock
agreement.
The remaining claims for wrongful termination were tried to a jury
which returned a verdict in December 2000 in favor of plaintiff in the amount of
$1.9 million.

     
Autobytel believes the judgement is in error and has retained new counsel
to handle the post-trial motions and, if necessary, the appeal.
Autobytel
intends to vigorously contest the judgment.

     
From time to time, Autobytel is involved in other litigation matters
relating to claims arising out of the ordinary course of business.
Autobytel is
involved in at least one such case currently.
Autobytel believes that there are
no claims or actions pending or threatened against it, the ultimate disposition
of which would have a material adverse effect on its business, results of
operations and financial condition.
However, if a court or jury rules against
Autobytel and the ruling is ultimately sustained on appeal and damages are
awarded against Autobytel, such ruling could have a material and adverse effect
on its business, results of operations and financial condition.

                 
AUTOBYTEL SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

     
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with Autobytel's consolidated financial statements and related notes
and "Autobytel Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus.
The statement of operations data for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996 and the balance sheet data as of December 31,
2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996 are derived from Autobytel's consolidated
financial statements which have been audited by Andersen LLP, independent
auditors.
The statement of operations data for the quarter ended March 31, 2001
and the balance sheet data as of March 31, 2001 are derived from Autobytel's
consolidated financial statements which are unaudited.

                                                
THREE
                                               MONTHS
                                                ENDED                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                              MARCH 31,    
---------------------------------------------------
                                                2001         2000       1999       1998       1997      1996
                                             -----------   
--------   --------   --------   --------   -------
                                             (UNAUDITED)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues...................................  $    16,653   $ 66,532   $ 40,298   $ 23,826   $ 15,338   $ 5,025
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing......................       
13,346     65,266     44,176     30,033     21,454     7,790
  Product and technology development.......        3,988     22,847     14,262      8,528      5,448     1,753
  General and administrative...............        3,604     13,797      8,595      5,908      5,851     1,641
  Restructuring Costs......................          992         --         --         --         --        --
                                             -----------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------
         Total operating expenses..........       21,930    101,910     67,033     44,469     32,753    11,184
                                             -----------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------
  Loss from operations.....................       (5,277)   (35,378)   (26,735)   (20,643)   (17,415)   (6,159)
Other income, net..........................        1,367      6,017      3,468      1,280        620       124
                                             -----------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------
  Loss before minority interest and
    provision for income taxes.............       (3,910)   (29,361)   (23,267)   (19,363)   (16,795)   (6,035)
(Income) losses allocable to minority
  interest.................................         (128)       369         --         --         --        --
                                             -----------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------
  Loss before provision for income taxes...       (4,038)   (28,992)   (23,267)   (19,363)   (16,795)   (6,035)

Provision for income taxes.................           38         42         53         35         15        --
                                             -----------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------
  Net loss.................................  $    (4,076)  $(29,034)  $(23,320)  $(19,398)  $(16,810)  $(6,035)
                                             ===========   ========   ========   ========   ========   =======
Basic and diluted net loss per share.......  $     (0.20)  $  (1.45)  $  (1.48)  $  (2.30)  $  (2.03)  $ (0.73)
                                             ===========   ========   ========   ========   ========   =======
Shares used in computing basic and diluted
  net loss per share.......................   20,354,430     20,047     15,766      8,423      8,291     8,252
                                             ===========   ========   ========   ========   ========   =======

                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                               MARCH 31,   ---------------------------------------------------
                                                 2001        2000       1999       1998       1997      1996
                                               ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash and cash equivalents....................  $ 75,082    $ 81,945   $ 85,457   $ 27,984   $ 15,813   $ 9,062
Working capital..............................    
62,122      68,447     74,756     23,436     10,938     5,977
Total assets.................................   
118,824     124,309     94,872     34,207     20,513    12,298
Accumulated deficit..........................   (99,703)    (95,627)   (66,593)   (43,273)   (23,875)   (7,065)
Stockholders' equity.........................    86,191      91,806     76,706     25,868     13,259     7,996

     AUTOBYTEL MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     You should read the following discussion of Autobytel's results of
operations and financial condition in conjunction with Autobytel's consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
This discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties.
Actual results and
the timing of certain events may differ significantly from those projected in
such forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those
discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus.


OVERVIEW

     Autobytel is an internationally branded online automotive commerce company
that connects buyers and sellers together in an information-rich environment
throughout the vehicle ownership lifecycle, capturing revenue at multiple
stages.
Through Autobytel's Web sites, www.autobytel.com and www.carsmart.com,
consumers can research pricing, specifications and other information regarding
new and pre-owned vehicles and can purchase, finance, lease, insure, sell or
maintain their vehicles.
Autobytel believes that its services provide benefits
for consumers by supplying them with information to make informed and
intelligent vehicle decisions throughout the lifecycle of vehicle ownership.

Consumers can purchase new vehicles through its dealer referral networks.
In
addition, consumers can purchase pre-owned vehicles through Autobytel's
Pre-Owned CyberStore.

     
In January 2000, Autobytel announced the formation of Autobytel.
Europe with
initial investment from Inchcape plc, Pon Holdings B.V., GE Capital and e-LaSer.

The Netherlands-based Autobytel.
Europe plans to license, invest in and offer
joint services to national operating companies throughout Europe to localize the
Autobytel offerings.
In February 2000, Autobytel, St. George Bank Limited and
others joined in the formation of Autobytel Australia.
The Australian investors
joining Autobytel in the online venture are Trading Post, Astre Automotive, RACV
(Royal Automobile Club of Victoria), Fortis Insurance and Strathfield
E-Ventures.

     
In February 2000, Autobytel acquired A.I.N., the owner of CarSmart, a
leading online buying site for new and pre-owned vehicles, for 1.8 million
shares of Autobytel common stock and $3.0 million in cash.
As of March 31, 2001,
CarSmart had approximately 1,200 dealers, established relationships with more
than 200 credit unions and strategic marketing agreements with several of the
top Internet portals, including AOL.com, Alta Vista and GO2Net.
For the years
ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 CarSmart's unaudited revenues were $6.4 million
and $3.1 million, respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998,
CarSmart's operating expenses were $7.6 million and $4.2 million, respectively.

CarSmart's unaudited net loss for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 was
$1.3 million and $1.2 million, respectively.

     
In June 2000, Autobytel launched its MyGarage service area designed to
empower consumers by providing cost effective and efficient processes for
dealing with common service and maintenance issues.
The site enhances consumer
personalization and includes key components such as access to Autobytel
Accredited Service Centers, the ability to schedule service and maintenance
appointments online and receive information such as service reminders and recall
information.

     
In January 2001, Autobytel introduced iManager, a multi-functional dealer
management system and an upgrade of its Dealer Real Time system.
The iManager
system provides dealers with immediate purchase request information for new and
pre-owned vehicles, the ability to track multiple customers and purchase
requests, turnkey customer retention programs, automatic uploading of new and
pre-owned vehicle inventory into its database, reporting systems, including
transaction status, customer information and Internet department performance,
and other features.

     
In February 2001, Autobytel signed an agreement with General Motors
Corporation to conduct a 90-day test of a new GM online locate-to-order business
model.
The model involves modification of

Autobytel's existing Web site for consumers from the Washington, D.C.
metropolitan area.
The test program, which commenced on May 1, 2001, combines
the independent all makes, all models capability of Autobytel with a dealer-set
online e-price and locate-to-order vehicle inventory model for Chevrolet
vehicles.
Autobytel expects the project to be completed in the third quarter of
2001.

     
In April 2001, Autobytel entered into an acquisition agreement to acquire
Autoweb.
Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, each outstanding share of
common stock of Autoweb will be exchanged for 0.3553 shares of common stock of
Autobytel.
The acquisition is subject to a number of conditions, including the
approval of both the Autobytel and Autoweb stockholders.
The acquisition is
expected to close in the third quarter of 2001.

     
Autobytel derives the majority of its revenues from fees paid by
subscribing dealers, and it expects to be primarily dependent on its dealer
networks for revenues in the foreseeable future.
Dealers using Autobytel's
services pay initial subscription fees, as well as ongoing monthly fees based,
among other things, on the size of territory, demographics and indirectly, the
transmittal of purchase requests to them.
In the first quarter of 2001 and 2000,
program fees were $12.9 million and $12.1 million, respectively.
Program fees
were $12.9 million in the first quarter of 2001 and $54.0 million, $35.8 million
and $22.9 million in the years 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
Average
monthly program fees per dealer were $880 in the first quarter of 2001 and $949,
$1,045 and $948 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

     
Autobytel's dealer contract terms generally range from one to three years.

The majority of Autobytel's contracts are for a one year term.
Autobytel is
converting its remaining dealers primarily to new contracts with a one year
term.
The initial subscription fee from a dealer is recognized ratably over the
first twelve months of the dealer's contract.
Amortized revenues from initial
subscription fees were $0.5 million in the first quarter of 2001 and $2.8
million, $2.5 million and $2.4 million in the years 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.
Monthly fees are recognized in the period the service is provided.

Monthly fee revenues were $12.3 million in the first quarter of 2001 and $50.9
million, $32.8 million and $18.2 million in the years 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.
The amortized revenues from annual fees were $46,000 in the first
quarter of 2001 and $22,400, $0.5 million and $2.3 million in the years 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

     
Autobytel also derives a portion of its revenues from related products and
services on a monthly fee and per transaction basis and from international
licensing and automotive consulting agreements.
In the first quarter of 2001 and
the years 2000, 1999 and 1998, revenues from related products and services were
$3.8 million, $12.5 million, $4.5 million and $0.9 million or 23%, 19%, 11% and
4% of total revenues, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2001, revenues from
related products and services include $1.4 million in consulting fees related to
the GM test program.
The consulting fees were accounted for using the percentage
of completion method of accounting.

     
Autobytel believes its ability to increase its revenues is directly related
to the number of subscribing dealers in its networks and the average monthly
fees paid by those dealers and indirectly related to the volume of purchase
requests routed through its Web sites.
Vehicle purchaser requests routed through
Autobytel's online systems were approximately 0.8 million and 0.7 million in the
first quarter of 2001 and 2000, respectively, or an increase of 20%
sequentially.
Vehicle purchase requests routed through its online systems were
approximately 0.8 million, 2.9 million, 2.1 million and 1.3 million in the first
quarter of 2001 and the years 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, or an increase
of 20%, 39%, 56% and 74% sequentially.
From inception through March 31, 2001,
Autobytel has directed approximately 8.2 million purchase requests to dealers.

     
Autobytel's revenue growth has been primarily dependent on its ability to:

     - increase the number of dealers,

     - increase the average monthly fees paid by each dealer,

     - deliver quality purchase requests to its dealer networks and

     - improve the sales conversion rate of dealer leads.

     
Autobytel believes its revenues in the foreseeable future will be dependent
on the above factors as well as its ability to generate revenues from related
products and services, including international licensing agreements and
transactions with automotive manufacturers.

     
In the first quarter of 2001, approximately 300 dealers were added to
Autobytel's North American dealer networks and approximately 700 dealers either
terminated their affiliation with Autobytel or were terminated by Autobytel.
The
net number of dealers as of March 31, 2001 decreased by 7.5% versus the same
quarter in 2000.
In 2000, approximately 3,500 dealers were added to Autobytel's
North American dealer networks, including approximately 1,500 which were added
as a part of the CarSmart acquisition, and approximately 1,800 dealers either
terminated their affiliation with Autobytel or were terminated by Autobytel.
The
net number of dealers as of December 31, 2000 increased by 52% over 1999.
As of
March 31, 2001, approximately 400 dealers subscribed to both the Autobytel and
CarSmart services.
The number of Autobytel's dealers fluctuates from time to
time and as of March 31, 2001, Autobytel had over 4,700 dealers.
Autobytel's
inability or failure to reduce dealer turnover could have a material adverse
effect on Autobytel's business, results of operations and financial condition.

     
Dealer participation in Autobytel's programs may terminate for various
reasons including:

     - extinction of the manufacturer brand,

     - selling of the dealer franchise,

     - termination of the franchise by the dealer,

     - termination by Autobytel, and

     - termination of Autobytel's service by the dealer.

     
Because Autobytel's primary revenue source is from program fees, its
business model is significantly different from many other Internet commerce
sites.
The automobiles requested through its site are sold by dealers; therefore
Autobytel derives no direct revenues from the sale of a vehicle and has no
significant cost of goods sold, no procurement, carrying or shipping costs and
no inventory risk.

     
Sales and marketing costs consist primarily of:

     - Internet marketing and advertising expenses,

     - fees paid to Autobytel's Internet affiliate network of purchase request
       providers,

     - promotion and advertising expenses to build its brand awareness and
       encourage potential customers to visit its Web sites and

     - personnel and other costs associated with sales, marketing, training and
       support of Autobytel's dealer network.

     
Autobytel uses Internet advertising, as well as traditional media, such as
television, radio and print.
The majority of its Internet advertising is
comprised of:

     - bounty fees paid to Autobytel's affiliate network,

     - sponsorship and alliance agreements with Internet portals and

     - advertising and marketing affiliations with online automotive information
       providers.

     
The Internet portals and online automotive information providers charge a
combination of set-up, initial, annual, monthly and variable fees.

     - Set-up fees are incurred for the development of the link between
       Autobytel and the Internet portal or online information provider and are
       expensed in the period the link is established.

     
- Initial and annual fees are amortized over the period they relate to.

     - Monthly fees are expensed in the month they relate to.

     
- Variable fees are fees paid for purchase requests and are expensed in the
       period the purchase requests are received.

     
Autobytel's Internet marketing and advertising costs, including set-up,
initial, annual, monthly and variable fees, were $6.2 million, $20.6 million,
$14.3 million and $11.1 million in the first quarter of 2001 and the years 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.
No set-up fees were incurred in the first quarter
of 2001 or 2000.
Also included in sales and marketing expenses are the costs
associated with signing up new dealers and their ongoing training and support.

Sales and marketing costs are recorded as an expense in the period the service
is provided.
Sales and marketing expenses have historically fluctuated
quarter-to-quarter due to varied levels of marketing and advertising and
Autobytel believes this will continue in the future.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     
The following table sets forth Autobytel's results of operations as a
percentage of revenues:

                                                            THREE MONTHS
                                                               ENDED            YEARS ENDED
                                                             MARCH 31,          DECEMBER 31,
                                                            ------------    
--------------------
                                                            2001    2000    2000    1999    1998
                                                            ----    
----    ----    
----    ----

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues:
  Program fees............................................   77%     80%     81%     89%     96%
  Related products and services...........................   23      20      19      11       4
                                                            ---     ---     ---     ---     ---
     Total revenues.......................................  100     100     100     100     100

Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing.....................................   80     112      98     110     126
  Product and technology development......................   24      33      34      35      36
  General and administrative..............................   21      18      20      17      25
  Stock-based compensation................................   --       1       1       3      --
  Restructuring costs.....................................    
6      --      --       1      --
                                                            ---     ---     ---     ---     ---
     Total operating expenses.............................  132     163     153     166     187
                                                            ---     ---     ---     ---     ---
  Loss from operations....................................  (32)    (63)    (53)    (66)    (87)
Other income, net.........................................    8      10       9       8       5
                                                            ---     ---     ---     ---     ---
  Loss before minority interest and provision for income
     taxes................................................  (23)    (53)    (44)    (58)    (81)
Income allocable to minority interest.....................    1      --      --      --      --
                                                            ---     ---     ---     ---     ---
  Loss before provision for income taxes..................  (24)    (53)    (44)    (58)    (81)

Provision for income taxes................................   --      --      --      --      --
                                                            ---     ---     ---     ---     ---
  Net loss................................................  (24)%   (53)%   (44)%   (58)%   (81)%
                                                            ===     ===     ===     ===     ===

THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 AND 2000

     Revenues.
Autobytel's revenues increased $1.6 million, or 10%, to $16.7
million in the first quarter of 2001, compared to $15.1 million in the first
quarter of 2000.
Program fees increased $0.8 million, or 6%.
The increase was
primarily due to a net $1.2 million increase as a result of the timing of the
CarSmart acquisition in mid February 2000, partially offset by the effect of a
decrease in CarSmart dealer count during the period.
The increase was also
partially offset by a $0.4 million, or 4%, decrease in Autobytel program fees
due to a reduction in Autobytel dealer count.

     
Revenues from related products and services increases by $0.8 million, or
27%.
The increase was primarily attributable to $1.4 million in consulting fees
from the GM test program recognized in the first quarter of 2001 offset by a
$0.6 million, or 20%, decrease in insurance, Web site advertising, data base
marketing and other fees.
Autobytel's revenues from related products and
services accounted for

approximately 23% of revenues in the first quarter of 2001 and 20% of revenues
in the first quarter of 2000.

     Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses primarily include
advertising and marketing expenses paid to Autobytel's purchase request
providers and for developing Autobytel's brand equity, as well as personnel and
other costs associated with sales, training and support.
Sales and marketing
expense decreased by approximately $3.6 million, or 21%, to $13.3 million in the
first quarter of 2001 compared to $16.9 million in the first quarter of 2000.

The decrease was primarily due to a $6.4 million, or 68%, decrease in print,
television and radio advertising partially offset by an increase in online
advertising of $2.8 million, or 82%.
Autobytel continues to refine its marketing
strategy to reduce its cost of customer acquisition.

     
Product and Technology Development.
Product and technology development
expense decreased by $1.0 million, or 21%, to $4.0 million in the first quarter
of 2001 compared to $5.0 million in the first quarter of 2000.
The decrease was
primarily due to a $1.2 million, or 73%, decrease in software development costs
which was partially offset by an increase of $0.2 million, or 5%, for additional
personnel and retention costs, both domestic and international, and Web site
data content and licensing fees.
In accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 86, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer
Software to be Sold, Leased or Otherwise Marketed", Autobytel capitalized $2.3
million of software development costs in the first quarter of 2001, which were
primarily related to the enhancement of Autobytel's existing proprietary
software for use by its international licensees.

     
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expense was $3.6
million and $2.8 million for the first quarter of 2001 and 2000, respectively.

General and administrative expense increased by $2.8 million, or 30%.
The
increase was primarily due to a $0.6 million, or 391%, increase in legal and
professional fees for general corporate expenses, and a $0.2 million, or 101%,
increase for goodwill amortization related to Autobytel's acquisition of
CarSmart in February 2000.

     
Restructuring costs.
Restructuring costs of $1.0 million represent expenses
related to the reorganization of Autobytel's dealer operations, including
personnel costs, elimination of duplicate facilities and the write-down of fixed
assets in the first quarter of 2001.

     
Interest Income, Net.
In the first quarter of 2001, interest income
decreased by $0.4 million, or 24%, compared to 2000.
Interest income decreased
due to lower cash balances and interest rates.

     
Foreign Currency Exchange Gain, Net.
Autobytel.
Europe, a subsidiary of
Autobytel, operates its business in Europe.
As such, it incurs general operating
expenses and enters into transactions which require the use of local foreign
currencies.
Due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, a $0.4 million gain on
cash held in foreign currency was realized in the first quarter of 2001.
Foreign
exchange transaction gains and losses in the first quarter of 2001 were $0.3
million.
In the future, Autobytel may experience gains or losses attributable to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.

     
Equity Losses in Unconsolidated Subsidiary.
Equity losses in an
unconsolidated subsidiary represent Autobytel's share of losses in its
Australian venture.
The losses recognized have been limited to the amount of
Autobytel's investment.

     
Income allocable to Minority Interest.
Minority interest represents the
share of net income or losses attributable to the minority shareholders in
majority owned subsidiaries.
In the first quarter of 2001, $0.1 million in
income related to Autobytel's subsidiary, Autobytel.
Europe, was allocated to the
minority shareholders.
Autobytel.
Europe was wholly-owned in 1999.


2000 COMPARED TO 1999

     Revenues.
Autobytel's revenues increased $26.2 million, or 65%, to $66.5
million in 2000, compared to $40.3 million in 1999.
The growth in revenues was
primarily attributable to a $18.3 million, or 51%, increase in program fees from
paying dealers, including program fees of $6.1 million from CarSmart dealers.

Autobytel's revenues from related products and services accounted for
approximately 19% of

revenues in 2000 and 11% of revenues in 1999.
The increase was primarily due to
additional fees from Autobytel' international license agreements, Web site
advertising, database marketing and finance and insurance products.

     
Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expense increased by $21.1
million, or 48%, to $65.3 million in 2000 compared to $44.2 million in 1999.
The
increase was primarily due to a $9.0 million, or 57%, increase in print,
television and radio advertising to build brand awareness, a $6.3 million, or
44%, increase in online advertising for increased purchase requests and
agreements with additional Internet affiliates, and a $1.3 million, or 53%,
increase in other marketing and advertising expenses.
The increase in sales and
marketing was further attributable to a $4.5 million, or 39%, increase in sales,
dealer support and call center personnel to support the growth of Autobytel's
business.

     
Product and Technology Development.
Product and technology development
expense increased by $8.5 million, or 60%, to $22.8 million in 2000 compared to
$14.3 million in 1999.
The increase was primarily due to $6.1 million for
international software development costs, and a $2.4 million, or 18%, increase
for additional personnel and retention costs, both domestic and international,
and Web site data content and licensing fees.
Autobytel capitalized $3.3 million
of product and technology costs incurred in 2000.

     
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expense was $13.8
million and $8.6 million for 2000 and 1999, respectively.
General and
administrative expense increased by $5.2 million, or 61%.
The increase was
primarily due to a $2.7 million, or 78%, increase in recruiting and personnel
costs, $1.5 million for goodwill amortization related to Autobytel's acquisition
of CarSmart, and a $1.0 million, or 145%, increase in legal and general
corporate expenses.

     
Interest Income, Net.
In 2000, interest income increased by $2.2 million,
or 56%, compared to 1999.
Interest income increased due to higher cash balances
resulting from the initial public offering late in the first quarter of 1999 and
the funding of Autobytel.
Europe early in the first quarter of 2000.

     
Foreign Currency Exchange Loss, Net.
Autobytel.
Europe, a subsidiary of
Autobytel, operates its business in Europe.
As such, it incurs general operating
expenses and enters into transactions, including investments in joint ventures
and licensees, which require the use of local currencies.
Accordingly,
Autobytel.
Europe engaged in foreign currency exchange transactions.
Due to
foreign exchange rate fluctuations, a $0.7 million loss on cash held in foreign
currency was realized in 2000.
Also, based on the six month forward exchange
rate at December 31, 2000, an unrealized loss of $0.1 million was recognized on
foreign exchange forward contracts expiring in June 2001.
From inception through
December 31, 2000, Autobytel.
Europe's functional currency was the U.S. dollar.

On January 1, 2001, Autobytel.
Europe adopted the Euro as its functional
currency.
Foreign exchange transaction gains and losses in Canada were minimal.

In the future, Autobytel may experience gains or losses attributable to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.

     
Other Income (Expense), Net.
In 2000, there were no significant
transactions included in other income (expense).
Other expense in 1999 of $0.3
million consisted primarily of costs related to Autobytel's Japanese joint
venture.

     
Minority Interest Losses.
Minority interest losses represent the share of
net losses attributable to the minority stockholders in majority owned
subsidiaries.
In 2000, $0.4 million in losses related to Autobytel's subsidiary,
Autobytel.
Europe, were allocated to the minority stockholders.
Autobytel.
Europe
was wholly-owned in 1999.

     
Income Taxes.
No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as
Autobytel's incurred net operating losses through December 31, 2000.
As of
December 31, 2000, Autobytel had approximately $76.7 million of federal and
$38.2 million of state net operating loss carryforwards that Autobytel believe
are available to offset future taxable income.
These carryforwards expire in
various years through 2020.
Under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the amounts of and
benefits from Autobytel's net operating loss carryforwards will be limited due
to a cumulative ownership change of more than 50% over a three year

period.
Based on preliminary estimates, Autobytel believes the effect of such
limitation will not have a material adverse effect on Autobytel's business,
results of operations and financial condition.


1999 COMPARED TO 1998

     Revenues.
Autobytel's revenues increased $16.5 million, or 69%, to $40.3
million in 1999, compared to $23.8 million in 1998.
The growth in revenues was
primarily attributable to an increase in the net number of paying dealers and a
$97, or 10%, increase in the average monthly program fee charged to paying
dealers.
The number of paying dealers increased by 937, or 39%, to 3,323 as of
December 31, 1999, compared to 2,386 as of December 31, 1998.
Revenues from
related products and services accounted for approximately 11% of revenues in
1999 and 4% of revenues in 1998.

     Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses primarily include
advertising and marketing expenses paid to Autobytel's purchase request
providers and for developing Autobytel's brand equity, as well as personnel and
other costs associated with sales, training and support.
Sales and marketing
expense increased by $14.2 million, or 47%, to $44.2 million in 1999 compared to
$30.0 million in 1998.
The increase was primarily due to a $3.5 million, or 43%,
increase in sales expenses due to additional sales and dealer support personnel,
a $3.2 million, or 29%, increase in fees related to information search
aggregators resulting from a higher number of purchase requests, a $3.1 million,
or 52%, increase in television and radio advertising, and a $4.4 million, or
89%, increase in other advertising and marketing expenses to build brand
awareness.
Autobytel expects to continue to increase its sales, advertising and
marketing expenses in the foreseeable future.

     
Product and Technology Development.
Product and technology development
expense primarily includes personnel costs relating to enhancing the features,
content and functionality of Autobytel's Web site and Dealer Real Time system,
as well as expenses associated with telecommunications and computer
infrastructure.
Product and technology development expense increased by $5.8
million, or 67%, to $14.3 million in 1999, compared to $8.5 million in 1998.
The
increase was primarily due to a $3.6 million, or 68%, increase for additional
personnel, recruiting and retention costs, both domestic and international, a
$1.0 million, or 89%, increase in technological infrastructure costs, a $0.8
million, or 217%, increase in start up and legal expenses related to the
development of international joint ventures, and a $0.4 million, or 21%,
increase related to the development of new products and services.

     
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expense was $8.6
million and $5.9 million in 1999 and 1998, respectively.
General and
administrative expense increased by $2.7 million, or 45%.
The increase was
primarily due to a $1.2 million increase in non-cash compensation expense
associated with stock options granted in the first quarter of 1999 and the
exercise of a warrant in the fourth quarter of 1999, a $0.9 million, or 420%,
increase in accounting and other public company infrastructure costs, and a non-
recurring expense of $0.6 million related to the termination of the agreement to
acquire W.G. Nichols.

     
Interest Income, Net.
In 1999, interest income of $3.9 million increased
486% as compared to 1998 due to higher cash balances resulting from the sale of
preferred stock late in the fourth quarter of 1998 and the initial public
offering late in the first quarter of 1999.

     
Equity Losses in Unconsolidated Subsidiary.
Equity losses in an
unconsolidated subsidiary represents Autobytel's share of losses in Autobytel's
Japanese joint venture.
The losses recognized have been limited to the amount of
Autobytel's investment.

     
Other Income (Expense), Net.
In 1999, other income (expense) consists
primarily of $0.4 million of costs related to Autobytel's Japanese joint venture
as compared to a $1.4 million gain realized from the sale of Auto-by-Tel UK,
offset in part by a $0.8 million charge for the value of warrants issued to
investors in 1998.

     
Income Taxes.
No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as
Autobytel incurred net operating losses through December 31, 1999.
As of
December 31, 1999, Autobytel had approximately $55.5 million of federal and
$27.9 million of state net operating loss carryforwards that Autobytel believes

are available to offset future taxable income; such carryforwards expire in
various years through 2019.
Under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the amounts of and
benefits from Autobytel's net operating loss carryforwards will be limited due
to a cumulative ownership change of more than 50% over a three year period.

Based on preliminary estimates, Autobytel believes the effect of such limitation
will not have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations
and financial condition.


STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

     Autobytel granted stock options to purchase 146,500, 4,653,244, 2,235,598
and 1,630,340 shares of common stock during the first quarter of 2001 and years
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
The stock options were granted under the 1996
Stock Incentive Plan, 1998 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan, 1999
Employee and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan and 2000 Stock Option Plan at
the fair market value on the date of grant, except as described below.
In the
first quarter of 1999, stock options were granted to employees and directors at
exercise prices of $13.20 and $16 per share which were below the fair market
value at the date of grant.
In relation to these grants, Autobytel will
recognize estimated compensation expense of approximately $2.6 million ratably
over the vesting terms of one to four years.
Compensation expense of $0.4
million and $1.1 million was classified as general and administrative expense in
2000 and 1999, respectively, and approximately $0.5 million, $0.5 million and
$40,000 will be classified as general and administrative expense in the years
ending 2001, 2002 and 2003, respectively.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Net cash used in operating activities was $3.6 million in the first quarter
of 2001 and $7.6 million in the first quarter of 2000.
Net cash used in the
first quarter of 2001 resulted primarily from the year-to-date net loss,
increased accounts receivable and decreased accrued expenses due to a reduction
in Autobytel's sales and marketing and product and technology expenditures.

These uses of cash were partially offset by increased reserves for foreign
currency exchange losses related to foreign currency forward contracts,
depreciation and goodwill amortization and provision for bad debt.

     
Net cash used in operating activities was $23.7 million in 2000, $14.5
million in 1999 and $16.3 million in 1998.
Net cash used in 2000 resulted
primarily from the net loss for the year and increased accounts receivable
offset by increased accounts payable for sales and marketing, product and
technology development and general and administrative expenditures, provision
for bad debt and additional depreciation and goodwill amortization related to
the acquisition of A.I.N.

     Net cash used in operating activities in 1999 resulted primarily from the
net loss for the year, increased accounts receivable and prepaid expenses,
partially offset by increased deferred revenues related to growth in the number
of Autobytel's paying dealers, accounts payable and accrued expenses for sales
and marketing, product and technology development and general and administrative
expenditures, non-cash stock-based compensation expense related to options
granted in March 1999 and depreciation expense.

     
Net cash used in operating activities in 1998 resulted primarily from the
net loss for the year and increased accounts receivable, partially offset by
depreciation and other non-cash expenses.

     
Net cash used in investing activities was $2.5 million and $3.0 million for
the first quarter of 2001 and 2000, respectively.
Cash used in investing
activities during the first quarter of 2001 was primarily related to capitalized
software development costs.
Cash used in investing activities in the first
quarter of 2000 was primarily related to the acquisition of A.I.N.

     Net cash used in investing activities was $12.0 million in 2000, $0.9
million in 1999 and $1.1 million in 1998.
Cash used in investing in 2000 was
related to the acquisition of A.I.N., expenditures for capitalized software,
investments in Autobytel's joint ventures in Spain, Sweden and France, notes
receivable from Autobytel's joint venture in France and the purchase of property
and equipment.
Cash for investing activities in 1999 and 1998 was primarily used
for the purchase of property and equipment, including computer hardware,
telecommunications equipment and furniture.

     
Net cash provided by financing activities was $2.0 million for the first
quarter of 2001, and $31.8 million for the first quarter of 2000.
Cash provided
by financing activities in both the first quarter of 2001 and 2000 was primarily
due to funding received from strategic partners for investment in
Autobytel.
Europe.
In January 2000, Autobytel invested $5 million in
Autobytel.
Europe which has been eliminated in consolidation.

     
Net cash provided by financing activities was $32.3 million in 2000, $72.9
million in 1999 and $29.6 million in 1998.
Cash provided by financing activities
in 2000 was primarily due to funding received from strategic investors for
investment in Autobytel.
Europe.
In January 2000, Autobytel invested $5 million
in Autobytel.
Europe which has been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash for
financing activities in 1999 and 1998 was primarily provided by the consummation
of Autobytel's initial public offering in March 1999 and the issuance of
preferred stock in 1998.
Autobytel intends to use the remaining net proceeds
from its initial public offering for potential acquisitions, investments in
businesses and for general corporate purposes.
Proceeds of $29.4 million from
the sale of preferred stock in 1998 were used primarily to finance operations
prior to the initial public offering.

     
As of April 30, 2001, Autobytel had approximately $73.6 million in cash and
cash equivalents, of which $32.3 million represents funds of Autobytel.
Europe
and is reserved for the operations of Autobytel.
Europe.
Autobytel believes its
current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to meet its anticipated cash
needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12
months.

     
With respect to periods beyond April 30, 2002, Autobytel may be required to
raise additional capital to meet its long term operating requirements.
Since
inception, Autobytel's expenses have exceeded its revenues.
Autobytel does not
expect to be able to fund its operations from internally generated funds until
the second half of 2001 when it expects its revenues to exceed its expenses.

However, Autobytel cannot assure that its revenues will exceed its expenses
during such period or thereafter.

     
Autobytel's cash requirements depend on several factors, including:

     - the level of expenditures on marketing and advertising,

     - the level of expenditures on product and technology development,

     - the ability to increase the volume of purchase requests and transactions
       related to Autobytel's Web sites,

     - the cost of contractual arrangements with Internet portals, online
       information providers, and other referral sources,

     - the level of investments in joint ventures and licensees, and

     - the cash portion of acquisition transactions.

     
While management forecasts and budgets cash requirements, assumptions
underlying the estimates may change and could have a material impact on its cash
requirements.
If capital requirements vary materially from those currently
planned, Autobytel may require additional financing sooner than anticipated.

Autobytel has no commitments for any additional financing, and there can be no
assurance that any such commitments can be obtained on favorable terms, if at
all.

     
Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to Autobytel's
stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive
covenants with respect to dividends, raising capital and other financial and
operational matters which could restrict its operations or finances.
If
Autobytel is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be required
to reduce the scope of its operations or its anticipated expansion, which could
have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and
financial condition.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities, which is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2000 (as amended by SFAS No. 137 and 138).
SFAS No. 133
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments.

Autobytel adopted SFAS No. 133 in January 2001 and does not anticipate the
adoption to have a material effect on Autobytel's financial position or results
of operations.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Autobytel.
Europe, which operates in Europe, is a subsidiary of Autobytel.

Autobytel.
Europe incurs general operating expenses and enters into transactions,
including investments in joint ventures and licensees, which require the use of
local foreign currencies.
As a result of these transactions, Autobytel is
exposed to gains and losses resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange
rates.
These fluctuations may adversely affect Autobytel's consolidated results
of operations and financial position.
In certain circumstances, Autobytel.
Europe
enters into foreign currency forward contracts in an effort to minimize the
risks and costs associated with these fluctuations.
Neither Autobytel nor
Autobytel.
Europe enters into foreign currency forward contracts or other
financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

     
In July 2000, Autobytel.
Europe entered into foreign currency forward
exchange contracts with maturity dates of September 26, 2000 and June 26, 2001.

These contracts obligate Autobytel.
Europe to exchange U.S. dollars for
predetermined amounts of Netherlands guilders at specified exchange rates on
specified dates.
Autobytel's consolidated statements of operations include
realized losses of $0.7 million and $0.7 million for the first quarter of 2001
and the year 2000, respectively, resulting from changes in the spot exchange
rate, including those from settled and open contracts.

     
As of January 1, 2001, the notional value of the open foreign currency
forward contracts was matched by an equivalent amount of cash as recorded on
Autobytel's balance sheet.
Therefore, in accordance with SFAS No. 133, these
open contracts are considered hedged contracts and are recorded at fair value on
Autobytel's balance sheet and the related gains or losses on these contracts are
deferred in stockholder's equity as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income.
As such, on an ongoing basis, Autobytel will not incur any
additional foreign currency financial exposure from potential volatility in
exchange rates on these foreign currency forward contracts.

     
A sensitivity analysis indicates that for each 5% change in exchange rates
on foreign currencies utilized by Autobytel.
Europe, Autobytel would incur no
additional losses on open foreign currency forward contracts and $0.2 million on
foreign currency cash balances at March 31, 2001.


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Autobytel's Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and its
Statements of Operations, Stockholders' Equity and Cash Flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, together with the
reports of Andersen LLP, independent auditors, begin on page F-1-1 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and are incorporated herein by reference.

     
Autobytel's Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2001 and 2000 and it Statements
of Operations and Cash Flows for each of the three month periods ended March 31,
2001 and 2000 begin on page F-1-22 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
are incorporated herein by reference.

                 
AUTOBYTEL MANAGEMENT; PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS;
                         INTERESTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of the common stock as of March 31, 2001, by all persons known by
Autobytel to own beneficially more than five percent (5%) of the common stock of
Autobytel, each director, each Autobytel Named Executive Officer (as defined in
"-- Executive Compensation" below), and all directors, Autobytel Named Executive
Officers and executive officers of Autobytel as a group.

                                                              
SHARES BENEFICIALLY
                                                                     OWNED
                                                              --------------------
                                                               NUMBER      PERCENT
                                                              ---------    
-------

5% STOCKHOLDERS:

John C. Bedrosian(1)........................................  2,500,695     12.3%
  875 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, California 90077-2911
General Electric Capital Corporation(2).....................  1,850,702      9.1%
  260 Long Ridge Road, Stamford, Connecticut 06927
Peter R. Ellis(3)...........................................  1,593,694      7.8%
  c/o Jubilee Investments, 1550 Bayside Drive, Suite 2,
  Corona Del Mar, California 92625
SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc.(4)................................  1,320,000      6.5%
  333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, California 90071
Capital Research and Management Company(4)..................  1,320,000      6.5%
  333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, California 90071
AT&T Corp.(5)...............................................  1,057,576      5.1%
  32 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10013
NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:

Mark W. Lorimer(6)..........................................    831,087      3.9%
Robert S. Grimes(7).........................................    997,691      4.8%
Michael Gorun...............................................    728,650      3.6%
Peter Titz(8)...............................................    
617,073      3.0%
Ariel Amir(9)...............................................    198,166      1.0%
Michael J. Fuchs(10)........................................    194,928      1.0%
Joshua McCarter(11).........................................    127,083        *
Dennis Benner(12)...........................................     75,000        *
Mark N. Kaplan(13)..........................................     51,308        *
Kenneth J. Orton(14)........................................     
51,308        *
Jeffrey H. Coats(15)........................................     
50,000        *
Richard A. Post(16).........................................     52,000        *
All Named Executive Officers, executive officers and
  directors as a group (15 persons)(17).....................  4,027,419     17.9%

- -------------------------
  *  Less than 1%.

 (1) Includes 1,750,695 shares held in the John C. Bedrosian and Judith D.
     Bedrosian Revocable Trust in which Mr. Bedrosian maintains shared voting
     powers.
750,000 shares are held by the Bedrosian Investment Group, Ltd., of
     which Mr. Bedrosian has sole voting power.

 
(2) Includes 24,874 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.

 
(3) This number is based solely upon a review of a Schedule 13G filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2001 and includes,
     1,574,972 shares held in a revocable trust held by

     Mr. Ellis and his wife, and 18,722 shares held by trusts established for
     family members of Mr. Ellis as to which Mr. Ellis' wife maintains sole
     voting power.
Mr. Ellis granted voting power as to 593,175 shares of common
     stock to Autobytel.com under a voting proxy dated January 11, 1999.
See
     "-- Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" below.

 
(4) This number is based solely upon a review of a Schedule 13G filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2001 which discloses
     that Capital Research and Management Company, an investment adviser
     registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 which
     advises SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc., has dispositive power over these shares,
     and which contains a disclaimer of beneficial ownership of these shares by
     Capital Research and Management Company.

 
(5) This number is based upon a review of a Schedule 13G filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2001 and includes
     300,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants.

 
(6) Includes 826,760 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

 
(7) Includes an aggregate of 5,554 shares held in irrevocable trusts as to
     which Mr. Grimes' wife maintains sole voting power, 34,037 shares held by
     Mr. Grimes' wife, 131,926 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Grimes and
     his wife are beneficiaries and 275,470 shares issuable upon exercise of
     options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

 
(8) Includes 277,273 shares owned by and 289,800 shares issuable upon exercise
     of warrants held by Invision AG., of which Mr. Titz is a director.
Also
     includes 50,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options held by Mr. Titz,
     which are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

 (9) Includes 192,709 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

(10) Includes 54,874 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.

(11) Includes 116,438 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

(12) Includes 75,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.


(13) Includes 50,308 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.


(14) Includes 50,308 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.


(15) Includes 50,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.


(16) Includes 50,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
     60 days of March 31, 2001.


(17) Includes 1,844,992 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable
     within 60 days of March 31, 2001 and 289,800 shares issuable upon exercise
     of warrants.


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     The current executive officers of Autobytel are as follows:

         NAME            AGE                              POSITION
         ----            ---                              --------

Mark W. Lorimer........  42     Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Ariel Amir.............  41     Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Dennis Benner..........  59     Executive Vice President, Corporate Development
Hoshi Printer..........  59     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Andrew Donchak.........  49     Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Max Rens...............  54     Chief Executive Officer of Autobytel.
Europe LLC, a majority
                                owned subsidiary of Autobytel

     Mark W. Lorimer has served as a director of Autobytel since June 1998.
Mr.
Lorimer joined Autobytel in December 1996 as Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary, and was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer in May 1997.
In May 1998, Mr. Lorimer was promoted to President.
He was
elected a director and appointed Chief Executive Officer of Autobytel in June
1998.
From January 1996 to November 1996, Mr. Lorimer was a partner and, from
March 1989 to January 1996, was an associate with the law firm of Dewey
Ballantine LLP.
Mr. Lorimer is a member of the national board of directors of
the American Electronics Association.
Mr. Lorimer holds a B.S. in Speech from
Northwestern University and a J.D. from the Fordham University School of Law.

     
Ariel Amir joined Autobytel as Vice President and General Counsel in March
1999, was elected Secretary in April 1999 and was promoted to Senior Vice
President in April 2000 and Executive Vice President in September 2000.
Mr. Amir
was Vice President of Security Capital U.S. Realty from February 1998 until
March 1999, where he was responsible for mergers and acquisitions and relations
with strategic investees.
Mr. Amir was Vice President of Security Capital Group
Incorporated, where he provided securities offering and corporate acquisitions
services from June 1994 until January 1998.
Prior to joining Security Capital
Group, Mr. Amir was an attorney with the law firm of Weil, Gotshal & Manges in
New York where he practiced securities and corporate law from September 1985
until April 1994.
Mr. Amir received his law degree from Georgetown University
Law Center, an M.S. in industrial administration from Carnegie-Mellon University
Graduate School of Industrial Administration and an A.B. in Economics from
Washington University in St. Louis.

     
Dennis Benner joined Autobytel as Executive Vice President, Corporate
Development in May 2000.
From November 1994 to May 2000, Mr. Benner was Chief
Information Officer of Fluor Corporation.
From 1986 to October 1994, Mr. Benner
held various positions with TRW Information Systems Group, most recently as Vice
President and General Manager of TRW Information Technology Services Division.

From 1983 to 1986, Mr. Benner was Division Vice President of Automatic Data
Processing Western Division.
From 1978 to 1983, Mr. Benner held various
positions with Computer Sciences Corporation, most recently as Vice President
and General Manager of Business Services Division.
From 1967 to 1978, Mr. Benner
held various managerial positions with International Business Machines
Corporation.
Mr. Benner received a B.S. in Business Administration from the
University of Kansas.

     
Hoshi Printer rejoined Autobytel as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer in April 2001.
From December 2000 through April 2001 Mr.
Printer was a consultant and from July 2000 through November 2000, Mr. Printer
was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bestoffer.com, Inc.
From January 1999 to June 2000, Mr. Printer was Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Autobytel.
From June 1996 to December 1998, Mr. Printer
served as Vice President, Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary of Peerless Systems Corporation, a software technology company.

From July 1995 to May 1996, Mr. Printer was Chief Financial Officer of Neuron
Data Inc., a software technology company.
From July 1994 to June 1995, Mr.
Printer served as Chief Financial Officer of Soane Technologies Inc., a polymer
technology company.
From January 1990 to June 1994, Mr. Printer was Chief
Financial Officer of Catalytica Inc., an environmental technology company.
Mr.
Printer also worked at Xerox Corporation for over 17 years as Vice President of
Finance and in 1976

served as a consultant to the White House for the President's Reorganization
project on cash management.
Mr. Printer holds a B.E. in mechanical engineering
and a B.E. in electrical engineering from Poona University in India, an M.S. in
industrial engineering from Oklahoma State University and an M.B.A. from
Stanford University.

     
Andrew Donchak joined Autobytel in August 2000 as Senior Vice President,
Chief Marketing Officer.
Previously, Mr. Donchak served as Vice President,
Marketing, of Navigation Technologies, Inc., a database developer for GPS
navigation systems, where he was responsible for marketing and fulfillment
operations, from November 1997 to August 2000.
Prior to that, Mr. Donchak was
President, Consumer Division of Konami of America, Inc., an interactive
entertainment software development company, from December 1994 until October
1997.
From January to November 1994, he was Executive Vice President of BCI, a
media syndication company.
Mr. Donchak spent fifteen years from October 1978
until December 1993 at BBDO Worldwide in New York and Chicago where he last
served as Executive Vice President, was a member of the BBDO NY Board of
Directors, and was responsible for key agency/client relationships.
Mr. Donchak
received a Masters in Marketing and Finance from the Kellogg Graduate School of
Management at Northwestern University, where he also earned a Masters of Science
in Advertising and a Bachelors of Science in Communications Studies.

     
Max Rens joined Autobytel.
Europe as Chief Executive Officer in October
2000.
From June 1997 to September 2000, Mr. Rens was Executive Vice President
and Chief Information Officer of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines.
From June 1995 to May
1997, Mr. Rens was a member of the Board of Management of NS Infra Services BV,
where he was responsible for the construction and maintenance of the Dutch
railway infrastructure.
Mr. Rens holds a law degree from the University of
Leiden in The Netherlands.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Summary of Cash and Certain Other Compensation.
The following table
provides certain summary information concerning compensation paid or accrued by
Autobytel to or on behalf of Autobytel's Chief Executive Officer and, the four
most highly compensated executive officers of Autobytel for the year ended
December 31, 2000 ("Autobytel Named Executive Officers"):

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                                                         LONG-TERM
                                                                                        COMPENSATION
                                                                                           AWARDS
                                                       ANNUAL                           ------------
                                FISCAL YEAR         COMPENSATION           OTHER         SECURITIES
                                   ENDED        --------------------       ANNUAL        UNDERLYING
 NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION    DECEMBER 31,     SALARY      BONUS      COMPENSATION     OPTIONS(#)
 ---------------------------    
------------    --------    --------    ------------    ------------

Mark W. Lorimer...............      2000        $325,000    $113,750      $18,000         331,792
  Chief Executive Officer and       1999         323,958     156,000       18,000           6,792
  President                         1998         316,000     150,000        9,000         750,000(1)
Ariel Amir....................      2000         235,208      83,000           --         310,000
  Executive Vice President and      1999         136,634      84,000           --         150,000
  General Counsel
Dennis Benner.................      2000         148,413     100,000       59,901         400,000(2)
  Executive Vice President,
  Corporate Development
Michael Gorun.................      2000         237,500      16,625           --         200,000
  Former President,
  A.I.N. Corporation
Joshua McCarter...............      2000         165,000      57,750           --         155,005
  Vice President,                   1999         118,750      70,200           --          66,950
  International Development         1998          73,500      19,000           --          19,500

- -------------------------
Bonuses for services provided in 1999 and 2000 were paid in 2000 and 2001,
respectively, except for $50,000 to Mr. Benner for services provided in 2000 and
paid in 2000.

(1) The right to obtain 500,000 shares of such securities is contingent on the
    performance of Autobytel's market trading price.


(2) The right to obtain 250,000 shares of such securities is contingent on the
    performance of Autobytel's market trading price.


STOCK OPTION GRANTS IN 2000

     The following table sets forth for each of the Autobytel Named Executive
Officers certain information concerning stock options granted to them during
2000.
Autobytel has never issued stock appreciation rights.
Autobytel grants
options at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of a share of common
stock as determined by its closing price on the Nasdaq National Market on the
date of grant.
The term of each option granted is generally ten years from the
date of grant.
Options may terminate before their expiration dates if the
optionee's status as an employee is terminated or upon the optionee's death or
disability.

                                              
INDIVIDUAL GRANTS
                             ---------------------------------------------------    POTENTIAL REALIZABLE VALUE
                             NUMBER OF     PERCENT OF                                OF ASSUMED ANNUAL RATES
                             SECURITIES   TOTAL OPTIONS                            OF STOCK PRICE APPRECIATION
                             UNDERLYING    GRANTED TO     EXERCISE                      FOR OPTION TERM(2)
                              OPTIONS       EMPLOYEES       PRICE     EXPIRATION   ----------------------------
           NAME              GRANTED(#)    IN 2000(1)     ($/SHARE)      DATE         5%($)           10%($)
           
----              ----------   -------------   ---------   
----------   ------------    ------------

Mark W. Lorimer............   331,792          7.5%        $ 6.500     04/12/10     $1,356,305      $3,437,142
Ariel Amir.................    37,500          0.8%         10.380     02/02/10        244,797         620,364
                              187,500          4.2%          6.500     04/12/10        766,465       1,942,374
                               85,000          1.9%          7.000     06/15/10        374,192         948,277
Dennis Benner..............   400,000          9.0%          6.188     05/03/10      1,556,640       3,944,832
Michael Gorun..............   100,000          2.3%         11.125     02/15/10        699,645       1,773,038
                              100,000          2.3%          7.000     06/15/10        440,226       1,115,620
Joshua McCarter............    20,000          0.5%         10.380     02/02/10        130,559         330,861
                              135,005          3.0%          6.500     04/12/10        600,678       1,522,235

- -------------------------
(1) Based on options to purchase 4,443,244 shares granted under Autobytel's 1996
    Stock Incentive Plan, 1998 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan, 1999
    Employee and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan and 2000 Stock Option
    Plan to employees during fiscal 2000.

(2) The 5% and 10% assumed annual rates of compounded stock price appreciation
    are mandated by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and do not
    represent Autobytel's estimate or projection of its future common stock
    prices.


AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN 2000 AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

     
The following table sets forth for each of the Autobytel Named Executive
Officers certain information concerning options exercised during fiscal 2000 and
the number of shares subject to both exercisable and unexercisable stock options
as of December 31, 2000.
The values for "in-the-money" options are calculated by
determining the difference between the fair market value of the securities
underlying the options as of December 31, 2000 ($2.50 per share) and the
exercise price of the officer's options.
Autobytel has never issued stock
appreciation rights.

                                                             NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                  UNDERLYING               VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                               NUMBER OF                    UNEXERCISED OPTIONS AT        IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                                SHARES                         DECEMBER 31, 2000           DECEMBER 31, 2000(1)
                              ACQUIRED ON      VALUE      ---------------------------   ---------------------------
            NAME              EXERCISE(#)   REALIZED($)   
EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
            ----              -----------   -----------   -----------   -------------   -----------   
-------------

Mark W. Lorimer.............        --            --        644,532        877,385           --             --
Ariel Amir..................        --            --         67,187        392,813           --             --
Dennis Benner...............        --            --             --        400,000           --             --
Michael Gorun...............        --            --             --        200,000           --             --
Joshua McCarter.............        --            --         56,226        173,784           --             --

- -------------------------
(1) As of December 31, 2000 none of the options were in the money.


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

     On July 1, 1998, Autobytel entered into a three year employment agreement
with Mr. Mark W. Lorimer, Autobytel's President and Chief Executive Officer.

This agreement automatically renews for one year periods unless either party
gives at least 30 days notice of an election not to renew and automatically
extends for three years from the date of a change of control.
Under this
agreement, Mr. Lorimer is entitled to a base salary of $325,000 and a bonus as
determined by the board of directors from time to time.
Under this agreement,
Mr. Lorimer also received options to purchase 200,000 shares which vest over two
years and a performance option to purchase 500,000 shares which vests on the
seventh anniversary of the grant date, unless accelerated upon the earlier
accomplishment of stock price goals.
In addition, Mr. Lorimer may participate in
any medical, dental, welfare plans, insurance coverages and any death benefit
and disability benefit plans afforded to executive employees of Autobytel.

     
If Mr. Lorimer's employment is terminated without "cause" or if Mr. Lorimer
terminates his employment with "good reason" (each as defined in his employment
agreement), Mr. Lorimer is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the highest
annual base salary in effect during the term of the agreement multiplied by the
greater of (1) the remaining balance of the term or (2) two years.

     
In addition to the above, in the event Mr. Lorimer's employment is
terminated during the six month period prior to (or the first thirty-six months
following) a change of control by Mr. Lorimer for good reason or by Autobytel
other than for cause, disability or death, Mr. Lorimer is entitled to a lump sum
payment equal to twice the highest bonus paid to Mr. Lorimer in the last three
fiscal years plus the amount of the cost of all benefits for the greater of the
remaining balance of the term or two years.
In the event of a change of control
while Mr. Lorimer is employed by Autobytel or if Mr. Lorimer's employment is
terminated by Autobytel without cause or by Mr. Lorimer for good reason during
the six month period prior to a change of control, unvested time based options
shall become vested and exercisable and unvested performance-based options shall
become vested and exercisable to the extent performance targets have been met.

In the event of the death or disability of Mr. Lorimer during the term of his
employment agreement, Autobytel shall provide Mr. Lorimer or his successors,
heirs or designees, with continued payment of Mr. Lorimer's then current base
salary and all benefits for a period of two years.
If Mr. Lorimer's severance
benefits are parachute payments under the Internal Revenue Code, Autobytel has
agreed to make additional payments to him to compensate for his additional tax
obligations.

     
As of May 3, 2001, Autobytel entered into a three year employment agreement
with Mr. Benner, under which Mr. Benner is entitled to a base salary of $225,000
and a bonus as determined by the board of directors from time to time, but in no
event less than $100,000 per year.
This agreement automatically renews for one
year periods unless either party gives at least 30 days notice of an election
not to renew.
If Mr. Benner's employment is terminated without "cause" or if Mr.
Benner terminates his employment for "good reason" (each as defined in his
employment agreement), Mr. Benner is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the
base salary that would have been received by Mr. Benner if he had remained
employed by Autobytel for the remaining balance of the term, but in no event
less than 12 months.
Mr. Benner's employment with Autobytel shall terminate
automatically in the event of death or upon 30 days' written notice of
termination by Autobytel in the event of a disability.

     
Under this agreement, Mr. Benner also received options to purchase 150,000
shares which vest over two years and a performance option to purchase 250,000
shares which vests on the fifth anniversary of the grant date, unless
accelerated upon the earlier accomplishment of stock price goals.

     
In the event of a change of control of Autobytel between March 31, 2001 and
May 3, 2003, and while Mr. Benner remains employed by Autobytel, the term of the
agreement shall automatically extend for a period of two years from the date of
the change of control.
In addition to the above, in the event Mr. Benner's
employment is terminated during the first twelve months following a change of
control by Mr. Benner for good reason or by Autobytel other than for cause,
disability or death, Mr. Benner is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the
greater of (1) the base salary that would have been received by him for the
remainder of the term or (2) an amount equal to one year base salary plus an
amount equal to the highest annual bonus paid to him by Autobytel during the
term prior to termination.
In

addition, Mr. Benner is entitled to the amount of the cost of employee insurance
benefits for one year.
In the event of a change of control while Mr. Benner is
employed by Autobytel or if Mr. Benner's employment is terminated by Autobytel
without cause or by Mr. Benner for good reason during the six month period prior
to a change of control, unvested options shall become vested and exercisable.
If
Mr. Benner's severance benefits are parachute payments under the Internal
Revenue Code, Autobytel has agreed to make additional payments to him to
compensate certain of his additional tax obligations.
In addition, Mr. Benner
may participate in any medical, dental, welfare plans, insurance coverages and
any death benefit and disability benefit plans afforded to employees of
Autobytel.

     
As of April 3, 2000, Autobytel entered into a two year employment agreement
with Mr. Amir, under which Mr. Amir is entitled to a base salary of $200,000
(which base salary was subsequently increased to $265,000) and a bonus as
determined by the board of directors from time to time.
If Mr. Amir's employment
is terminated without "cause" or if Mr. Amir terminates his employment with
"good reason" (each as defined in his employment agreement), Mr. Amir is
entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the highest annual base salary in effect
during the term of the agreement for the remaining term of the agreement, but in
no event less than 12 months.

     
In the event of a change of control of Autobytel between March 31, 2001 and
April 3, 2002, and while Mr. Amir remains employed by Autobytel, the term of the
agreement shall automatically extend for a period of one year from the date of
the change of control.
In addition to the above, in the event Mr. Amir's
employment is terminated during the six month period prior to (or the first
twelve months following) a change of control by Mr. Amir for good reason or by
Autobytel other than for cause, disability or death, Mr. Amir is entitled to a
lump sum payment equal to twice the highest base salary paid during the term to
Mr. Amir plus the amount of the cost of employee insurance benefits for one
year.
In the event of a change of control while Mr. Amir is employed by
Autobytel or if Mr. Amir's employment is terminated by Autobytel without cause
or by Mr. Amir for good reason during the six month period prior to a change of
control, unvested options shall become vested and exercisable.
If Mr. Amir's
severance benefits are parachute payments under the Internal Revenue Code,
Autobytel has agreed to make additional payments to him to compensate certain of
his additional tax obligations.
In addition, Mr. Amir may participate in any
medical, dental, welfare plans, insurance coverages and any death benefit and
disability benefit plans afforded to executive employees of Autobytel.

     
On February 14, 2000, Autobytel entered into a three-year employment
agreement with Mr. Gorun, former President of Autobytel's subsidiary, A.I.N.
Corporation.
Under this agreement, Mr. Gorun was entitled to a base salary of
$225,000, and a bonus in such amounts and based on such criteria as established
by the board of directors from time to time.
Mr. Gorun was also granted options
to purchase 100,000 shares which vest fully by February 15, 2004.
In addition,
Mr. Gorun was entitled to participate in any medical, dental, welfare plans,
insurance coverages and any death benefit and disability benefit plans afforded
to executive employees of Autobytel.
Under the agreement, if Mr. Gorun's
employment is terminated without "cause" or if Mr. Gorun terminated his
employment for "good reason" (each as defined in his employment agreement), Mr.
Gorun was entitled to his base salary for an additional 180 days following such
termination.
Mr. Gorun's employment with A.I.N. Corporation ceased in January
2001.

     
Under a letter agreement dated June 15, 2000, Mr. McCarter's options vest
upon a change of control occurring while he is employed by Autobytel.

     
Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, Autobytel has agreed to enter into a
three year employment agreement with Jeffrey Schwartz, Autoweb's President and
Chief Executive Officer.
This agreement will become effective on the closing
date of the merger.
This agreement automatically renews for one year periods
unless either party gives at least 30 days notice of an election not to renew.

Under this agreement, Mr. Schwartz has the position of Vice Chairman and is
entitled to a base salary of $275,000 and a bonus as determined by the board of
directors from time to time.
Furthermore, Autobytel assumed 375,000 Autoweb
options held by Mr. Schwartz which shall all become vested as of the closing
date of the merger and shall be converted into Autobytel options pursuant to the
terms of the acquisition agreement.


Mr. Schwartz will also receive stock options to purchase 300,000 shares of
Autobytel's common stock which shall vest over three years and a performance
option to purchase 250,000 shares which shall vest on the seventh anniversary of
the grant date, unless accelerated upon the earlier accomplishment of stock
price goals.

     
In addition, Mr. Schwartz may participate in any qualified or non-qualified
pension, profit sharing and savings plans, any death benefit and disability
benefit plans, life insurance coverages and any stock purchase programs afforded
to executive employees of Autobytel.
If Mr. Schwartz' severance benefits are
parachute payments under the Internal Revenue Code, then Autobytel has agreed to
make additional payments to him to compensate for his additional tax
obligations.
Mr. Schwartz' employment with Autobytel shall terminate
automatically in the event of death or upon 30 days written notice of
termination by Autobytel in the event of a disability.

     
If Mr. Schwartz's employment is terminated without "cause" or if Mr.
Schwartz terminates his employment with "good reason" (each as defined in his
employment agreement), Mr. Schwartz is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to
the highest annual base salary of Mr. Schwartz in effect during the term of the
agreement.
Furthermore, Autobytel shall continue to provide to Mr. Schwartz and
his beneficiaries, at its sole cost, any insurance coverages as described in the
preceding paragraph and shall pay to Mr. Schwartz in a lump sum payment the
aggregate cost of the benefits (other than the insurance coverages) as described
in the preceding paragraph, in each case to the extent that he would have
received such insurance coverages and benefits had he remained employed by
Autobytel for twelve months.

     
In the event of a change of control of Autobytel prior to January 1, 2002,
and while Mr. Schwartz remains employed by Autobytel, the term of the agreement
shall automatically extend for a period of three years commencing from the date
of the change of control.
In addition, in the event that Mr. Schwartz'
employment is terminated during the six month period prior to, or the first
twelve months following a change of control, by Mr. Schwartz for good reason or
by Autobytel other than for cause, disability or death, then the payments
described in the preceding paragraph do not apply and instead Mr. Schwartz is
entitled to a lump sum payment equal to twice the highest annual base salary in
effect during the term of the agreement plus Autobytel shall continue for one
year to provide to Mr. Schwartz and his beneficiaries, at its sole cost, any
insurance coverages.
In the event of a change of control while Mr. Schwartz is
employed by Autobytel or if Mr. Schwartz's employment is terminated without
cause during the six month period prior to a change of control, unvested
time-based options shall become vested and exercisable and unvested
performance-based options shall become vested and exercisable to the extent
performance targets have been met.


NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

     Autobytel's non-employee directors do not currently receive any cash
compensation for service on Autobytel's board of directors or any committee
thereof, but directors are reimbursed for expenses incurred in connection with
attendance at board and committee meetings.

     
Autobytel's 1999 Stock Option Plan provides for an automatic grant of a
first option to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock to each non-employee
director on the date on which the person first becomes a non-employee director;
provided, that if any person serving as a non-employee director before January
14, 1999 received options for less than 20,000 shares on the date such person
became a member of the board of directors, such person was granted an option to
purchase a number of shares equal to the difference between 20,000 shares and
the shares actually granted.
After the first option is granted to the
nonemployee director, he or she will automatically be granted a subsequent
option to purchase 5,000 shares on November 1 of each subsequent year provided
he or she is then a non-employee director and, provided further, that on such
date he or she has served on the board of directors for at least six months.

First options and each subsequent option will have a term of ten years.
The
shares related to the first option and each subsequent option vest in their
entirety and becomes exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date,
provided that the option holder continues to serve as a director on such dates.

The exercise price of shares subject to the first option and each subsequent
option shall be 100% of the fair market

value per share of common stock on the date of the grant of the option.
The
Autobytel 2000 Stock Option Plan contains identical provision for option grants
to non-employee directors that become effective when no shares are available for
grant under the 1999 Stock Option Plan.
In June 2000, each outside director was
granted options to purchase 25,000 shares which vested on the date of grant.


STOCK PLANS

     Since Autobytel's inception the board of directors has granted stock
options in order to attract, retain and motivate employees.
Autobytel's board of
directors considers many factors in granting stock options.
For example, among
other factors, Autobytel's board of directors considers competitive market
conditions for employees and the risk associated with working for an Internet
company.

     
1996 Stock Option Plan.
Autobytel's 1996 Stock Option Plan was approved by
the board of directors on May 18, 1996 and the stockholders on May 31, 1996.
The
1996 Option Plan was terminated by a resolution of the board of directors on
October 23, 1996, at which time over 800,000 options had been issued.
The 1996
Option Plan provided for the granting to employees and directors of stock
options intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and for the grant
to employees, consultants and directors of nonstatutory stock options.
Autobytel
reserved 1,194,444 shares of common stock for issuance under the 1996 Option
Plan.

     
Under the 1996 Option Plan, the exercise price of any incentive stock
options granted under the 1996 Option Plan were not less than the fair market
value of the common stock on the date of grant, and the exercise price of any
non-statutory stock option granted under the 1996 Option Plan were not less than
85% of the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant.
The term
of all options granted under the 1996 Option Plan did not exceed 10 years.
The
administrator of the options granted under the 1996 Option Plan is the board of
directors or a committee of the board of directors.
Any options granted under
the 1996 Option Plan are exercisable at such times as determined by the
administrator, but in no case at a rate of less than 20% per year over five
years from the grant date.
A majority of the outstanding options vest and became
exercisable as to one third of the grant on October 31, 1996, and as to an
additional one third of the grant at each successive October 31.
Options granted
under the 1996 Option Plan generally must be exercised within at least 30 days,
or such longer period as determined by the administrator, following termination
of the optionee's status as an employee, director or consultant of Autobytel, or
within 12 months following such optionee's termination by death or disability.

     
The 1996 Option Plan provides that in the event of a merger of Autobytel
with or into another corporation, each option may be assumed or an equivalent
option substituted by the successor corporation.
If the outstanding options are
not assumed or substituted as described in the preceding sentence, the option
will terminate as of the date of the closing of such a merger.

     
1996 Stock Incentive Plan.
The 1996 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by
the board of directors on October 23, 1996, amended and restated by the board of
directors on November 24, 1996 and approved by the stockholders on January 16,
1997.
The 1996 Stock Incentive Plan provides for the granting to employees and
directors of stock options intended to qualify as incentive stock options within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, and for the granting to employees,
directors and consultants of nonstatutory stock options and stock purchase
rights.

     
As approved by the stockholders, Autobytel reserved 833,333 shares of
common stock for issuance under the Incentive Plan.
As of March 31, 2001,
options covering 111,739 shares of common stock were available for grant under
the Incentive Plan and are either incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock
options.
Options granted under the Incentive Plan must generally be exercised
within three months of the end of the option holder's status as an employee or
consultant of Autobytel, or within twelve months after such option holder's
termination by death or disability, but in no event later than the expiration of
the option's ten year term.

     
The board of directors determined the exercise price of nonstatutory stock
options granted under the Incentive Plan, and in all cases, the exercise price
was the fair market value of the common stock on the

date of grant.
The term of all options granted under the Incentive Plan did not
exceed ten years.
Stock options granted under the Incentive Plan vest according
to vesting schedules determined by the administrator.

     
The Incentive Plan provides that in the event of a merger of Autobytel with
or into another corporation, a sale of substantially all of Autobytel's assets
or a like transaction involving Autobytel, each option will be assumed or an
equivalent option substituted by the successor corporation.
If the outstanding
options are not assumed or substituted as described in the preceding sentence,
the committee of the board of directors shall provide for each option holder to
have the right to exercise the option as to all of the optioned stock, including
shares as to which the option would not otherwise be exercisable.
If the
administrator makes an option exercisable in full in the event of a merger or
sale of assets, the administrator will notify the option holder that the option
will be fully exercisable for a period of 15 days from the date of such notice,
and the option will terminate upon the expiration of such period.

     
From October 1996 through January 1999, Autobytel purported to grant
incentive stock options to employees, of which 689,406 shares granted exceeded
the Incentive Plan limit of 833,333 shares.
As of January 29, 1999, 688,921
options, and 485 shares that were acquired upon the exercise of excess options
were outstanding in excess of the Incentive Plan limit.
Because these grants
exceed the plan's limit, they did not qualify as incentive stock options, which
have more favorable tax treatment for employees than nonqualified stock options.

In connection with these matters, on January 29, 1999, Autobytel filed an
application with the California Department of Corporations for approval of a
rescission offer to those affected optionholders holding options covering
689,406 shares of common stock.
The Department of Corporations approved the
rescission offer on February 12, 1999.
The rescission offer allowed each
affected optionholder to choose between a cash payment or a new grant of
incentive stock options under the 1999 Stock Option Plan.
The offer for a cash
payment was for 10% of the aggregate exercise price per share of the option plus
7% statutory interest since the date of grant of the option.
The terms of the
options granted under the 1999 Stock Option Plan are similar to the terms of the
original stock options, with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on
the date of regrant.
In addition, optionholders who chose new grants under the
1999 Stock Option Plan were granted additional options based on the length of
time the original options were held.
The aggregate maximum number of additional
shares of common stock issuable under this choice for all those optionholders
were 35,000 shares.
All the affected optionholders participated in the
rescission offer and Autobytel paid $8,000 to four optionholders who chose the
cash alternative.

     
1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Autobytel's 1996 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan was adopted by the board of directors on November 18, 1996 and approved by
the stockholders on January 16, 1997.
The maximum number of shares of common
stock available for sale is 444,444.
As of March 31, 2001, 391,826 shares of
common stock remain available for sale.
The Purchase Plan, which is intended to
qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code, permits eligible
employees of Autobytel to purchase shares of common stock through payroll
deductions of up to ten percent of their compensation for all purchase periods
ending within any calendar year.

     
Individuals who are eligible employees on the start day of any offering
period may enter the Purchase Plan on that start date.
Individuals who become
eligible employees after the start date of the offering period may join the
Purchase Plan on any subsequent quarterly entry date within that period.

Employees are eligible to participate if they are customarily employed by
Autobytel or any designated subsidiary for at least 20 hours per week and for
more than five months in any calendar year.

     
The price of common stock purchased under the Purchase Plan will be 85% of
the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the first or last day
of each six month purchase period.
Employees may end their participation in the
Purchase Plan at any time during an offering period, and they will be paid their
payroll deductions to date.
Participation ends automatically upon termination of
employment with Autobytel.
Rights granted under the Purchase Plan are not
transferable by a participant other than by will, the laws of descent and
distribution, or as otherwise provided under the plan.
The Purchase Plan is
administered by the board of directors or by a committee appointed by the board
of directors.
The board

of directors may amend or modify the Purchase Plan at any time.
The Purchase
Plan will terminate 10 years from the date of its adoption.

     
1998 Stock Option Plan.
Autobytel's 1998 Stock Option Plan was adopted by
the board of directors on December 17, 1998 and approved by the stockholders on
February 15, 1999.
The Plan provides that an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of
Autobytel common stock is available to be granted to key employees of Autobytel
and its parent or subsidiary corporations, if any.
As of March 31, 2001, options
covering 211,575 shares of common stock were available for grant under the 1998
Option Plan.
Under the 1998 Option Plan, eligible key employees of Autobytel may
receive incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code or
nonstatutory stock options.
No eligible employee shall receive stock options
with respect to more than 700,000 shares of Autobytel's common stock during any
one calendar year.

     
Incentive stock options granted under the 1998 Option Plan must have an
exercise price that is no less than the fair market value of Autobytel's common
stock as of the time the option is granted and generally may not be exercised
more than ten years after the date of grant.
Any incentive stock option that is
granted to any option holder who beneficially owns more than 10% of the total
combined voting power of all classes of outstanding shares of capital stock of
Autobytel must have an exercise price that is no less than 110% of the fair
market value of Autobytel's common stock as of the time the option is granted
and may not be exercised more than five years after the date of grant.
To the
extent that the aggregate fair market value of stock exercisable by an optionee
for the first time in any one calendar year under incentive stock options
granted under the 1998 Option Plan and all other stock plans of Autobytel
exceeds $100,000, options for such shares shall not be considered incentive
stock options but instead shall be considered nonstatutory stock options.

     
Nonstatutory stock options granted under the 1998 Option Plan must have an
exercise price that is no less than 85% of the fair market value of Autobytel's
common stock as of the time the option is granted and may not be exercised more
than 10 years after the date they are granted.
Under the 1998 Option Plan,
nonstatutory stock options vest over a time period determined by the
administrator, however, the vesting could accelerate based on the performance of
Autobytel's common stock.
All other stock options granted under the 1998 Option
Plan vest according to time-based vesting schedules determined by the
administrator.
In addition, an option holder who is not an officer, director or
consultant shall have the right to exercise at least 20% of the options granted
per year over 5 years from the date of grant.
Options granted under the 1998
Option Plan are nontransferable, other than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution.

     
The 1998 Option Plan provides that, unless otherwise stated in a stock
option agreement, upon any merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or
any part of Autobytel's business or assets, any option shall vest and may be
exercised immediately unless any party to these transactions specifically
assumes Autobytel's obligations under the 1998 Option Plan.
In addition, unless
otherwise provided in the stock option agreement for any given option, upon any
liquidation or dissolution of Autobytel, all rights of the option holder with
respect to the unexercised portion of any option will terminate and all options
will be canceled unless the plan under which such liquidation or dissolution is
effected makes specific provisions regarding the 1998 Option Plan.
The holder of
any option granted under the 1998 Option Plan has the right immediately prior to
the effective date of a merger, consolidation or sale of Autobytel's business or
assets or a liquidation or dissolution to exercise such option without regard to
time restrictions applicable to exercise, but subject to any other conditions
precedent to exercise unless met or waived, and provided that any stock received
upon the exercise of unvested options continues to be subject to the applicable
vesting schedule.
In no event may any incentive stock options be exercised later
than the date preceding the tenth anniversary date of the grant.

     
The 1998 Option Plan will be administered by the board of directors or by a
committee of the board of directors acting as the administrator.
The
administrator shall select the eligible key employees who are to be granted
options, determine the number of shares to be subject to options to be granted
to each eligible key employee and designate such options as incentive stock
options or nonstatutory stock options.


The board of directors may at any time amend or modify the 1998 Option Plan,
except that the board of directors may not, without approval of the stockholders
of Autobytel:

     - increase the number of shares issued under the 1998 Option Plan,

     - modify the requirements as to eligibility for participation in the 1998
       Option Plan or

     - change the option price provisions of the 1998 Option Plan so as to have
       a material adverse effect on Autobytel other than to conform with any
       applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code or regulations or
       rulings.

     
Unless terminated earlier, the 1998 Option Plan terminates ten years from
the date it was adopted by the board of directors.

     
1999 Stock Option Plan.
Autobytel's 1999 Stock Option Plan was adopted by
the board of directors on January 14, 1999 and approved by the stockholders on
February 15, 1999.
The plan provides that an aggregate of 1,800,000 shares of
Autobytel's common stock are available to its employees; provided that after
March 31, 1999, Autobytel may not grant more than 1,000,000 options under the
plan.
As of March 31, 2001, options covering 474,640 shares of common stock were
available for grant under the 1999 Stock Option Plan.
Unless otherwise provided
in the stock option agreement, upon any merger, consolidation, or sale or
transfer of all or any part of our business or assets, any option under the plan
shall immediately vest and be exercisable unless any party to such a transaction
specifically assumes the obligations of Autobytel under the 1999 Stock Option
Plan.

     
Non-employee directors are entitled to participate in Autobytel's 1999
Stock Option Plan.
The 1999 Stock Option Plan provides for an automatic grant of
a first option to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock to each non-employee
director on the date on which the person first becomes a non-employee director;
provided, that if any person serving as a non-employee director before January
14, 1999 received options for less than 20,000 shares on the date such person
became a member of the board of directors, such person will be granted an option
to purchase a number of shares equal to the difference between 20,000 shares and
the shares actually granted.
After the first option is granted to the
non-employee director, he or she will automatically be granted a subsequent
option to purchase 5,000 shares on November 1 of each subsequent year provided
he or she is then a non-employee director and, provided further, that on such
date he or she has served on the board of directors for at least six months.

First options and each subsequent option will have a term of ten years.
The
shares related to the first option and each subsequent option vest in their
entirety and becomes exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date,
provided that the option holder continues to serve as a director on such dates.

The exercise price of shares subject to the first option and each subsequent
option shall be 100% of the fair market value per share of the common stock on
the date of the grant of the option.
The 1999 Stock Option Plan is identical in
all other material respects to the 1998 Stock Option Plan.

     
1999 Employee and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan.
Autobytel's 1999
Employee and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan was adopted by the board of
directors on September 22, 1999.
The plan provides that an aggregate of 1.5
million shares of Autobytel's common stock are available to employees and
service providers of Autobytel, its subsidiaries or any entity in which
Autobytel or its subsidiaries acquires at least a 50% equity interest.
As of
March 31, 2001, options covering 462,225 shares of common stock were available
for grant under the 1999 Employee and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan.
No
eligible employee or service provider may receive stock options with respect to
more than 700,000 shares of Autobytel's common stock during any one calendar
year.
Unless otherwise provided in the stock option agreement, upon any merger,
consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or any part of Autobytel's business or
assets, any option under the plan will immediately vest and be exercisable
unless any party to such a transaction specifically assumes the obligations of
Autobytel under the 1999 Employee and Acquisition Plan.
The vesting of
non-statutory stock options issued under this plan cannot be accelerated by
reason of the performance of Autobytel's common stock.
The 1999 Employee and
Acquisition Option Plan is identical in all other material respects to the 1998
Stock Option Plan, except that any compensation paid under Autobytel's 1999
Employee and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan

will not be performance based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code.

     
2000 Stock Option Plan.
Autobytel's 2000 Stock Option Plan was adopted by
the board of directors on April 12, 2000 and approved by the stockholders on
June 15, 2000.
The plan provides that an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of
Autobytel's common stock are available to Autobytel's employees and service
providers.
As of March 31, 2001, options covering 922,239 shares of common stock
were available for grant under the 2000 Stock Option Plan.
Unless otherwise
provided in the stock option agreement, upon any merger, consolidation, or sale
or transfer of all or any part of Autobytel's business or assets, any option
under the plan shall immediately vest and be exercisable unless any party to
such a transaction specifically assumes the obligations of Autobytel under the
2000 Stock Option Plan.

     
Non-employee directors are entitled to participate in Autobytel's 2000
Stock Option Plan.
The 2000 Stock Option Plan provides for an automatic grant of
a first option to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock to each non-employee
director elected after January 1, 2000, on the date on which the person first
becomes a non-employee director.
After the first option is granted to the
non-employee director, he or she will automatically be granted a subsequent
option to purchase 5,000 shares on November 1 of each subsequent year provided
he or she is then a non-employee director and, provided further, that on such
date he or she has served on the board of directors for at least six months.

First options and each subsequent option will have a term of ten years.
The
shares related to the first option and each subsequent option vest in their
entirety and becomes exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date,
provided that the option holder continues to serve as a director on such dates.

The exercise price of shares subject to the first option and each subsequent
option shall be 100% of the fair market value per share of the common stock on
the date of the grant of the option.
The 2000 Stock Option Plan is identical in
all other material respects to the 1998 Stock Option Plan.

     
401(k) Plan.
All employees of Autobytel who are at least age 21 and have
completed three months of service with Autobytel are eligible to participate in
the Autobytel Retirement Savings Plan, a defined contribution plan that was
effective September 1, 1997, and intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Eligible employees may enter the savings plan as of the
first day of January, April, July or October following the date on which they
have met the savings plan's eligibility requirements.
Participants may make
pre-tax contributions to the savings plan of up to 15% of their eligible
earnings, but not in excess of a statutory annual limit.

     
Autobytel may make discretionary matching contributions to the savings
plan.
In 2000, Autobytel began to match contributions with Autobytel common
stock purchased directly from Autobytel or in the open market.
The maximum
matching contribution per employee is $3,000 per year.
Each participant in the
savings plan is fully vested in his or her contributions and the investment
earnings on these contributions.
Participants become 100% vested in matching
contributions made on their behalf, and the investment earnings on these
contributions, after two service years.
Contributions by the participants or
Autobytel and the income earned on such contributions are not taxable to the
participants until withdrawn.
Contributions by Autobytel, if any, are deductible
by it when made.
Contributions are held in trust as required by law.

     
Individual participants may direct the trustee to invest their accounts in
authorized investment alternatives.
All contributions are deposited to a
tax-exempt trust and credited to individual participant accounts, which are
invested as directed by participants in a number of available investment funds,
including Autobytel's common stock.
Participants may also vote shares of
Autobytel's common stock allocated to their accounts.
Plan accounts are
distributed when a participant retires (at age 65 or later), dies, becomes
permanently disabled, or leaves Autobytel for any other reason.
Participants may
borrow from their accounts, or make withdrawals to meet financial hardships,
while they are Autobytel employees.
Autobytel has the right to amend or
terminate the savings plan at any time, but is prohibited from recovering any of
the savings plan's assets.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

     
No interlocking relationship exists between the board of directors or
compensation committee and the board of directors or compensation committee of
any other company, nor has any such interlocking relationship existed in the
past.
The compensation committee of the board of directors currently consists of
Mr. Fuchs, Mr. Coats and Mr. Orton.


STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE GRAPH

     The stock price performance graph below is required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by
any general statement incorporating this joint proxy statement/prospectus into
any filing under the Securities Act, or under the Exchange Act, except to the
extent that Autobytel specifically incorporates this information by reference,
and shall not otherwise be deemed soliciting materials or filed under such Acts.

     
The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total stockholder
returns for Autobytel's common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the JP Morgan H
& Q Internet 100 Index.
The graph assumes the investment of $100 on March 26,
1999, the day of Autobytel's initial public offering.
The data regarding
Autobytel assumes an investment at the initial public offering price of $23.00
per share of Autobytel's common stock.
The performance shown is not necessarily
indicative of future performance.

[PERFORMANCE GRAPH]

                                                                                                             JP MORGAN H & Q
                                                   AUTOBYTEL.COM INC.             RUSSELL 2000                INTERNET 100
                                                   ------------------             ------------               ---------------

3/26/1999                                                100.00                      100.00                      100.00
3/99                                                     182.07                      101.00                      127.07
6/99                                                      90.76                      116.71                      130.88
9/99                                                      51.09                      109.33                      134.53
12/99                                                     66.03                      129.50                      260.42
3/00                                                      35.73                      138.67                      272.01
6/00                                                      26.77                      133.43                      201.79
9/00                                                      19.57                      134.90                      194.13
12/00                                                     10.87                      125.58                      100.20

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       3/26/99    3/99      6/99      9/99      12/99     3/00      6/00      9/00      12/00
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 AUTOBYTEL.COM INC     100.00    182.07     90.76     51.09     66.03     35.73     26.77     19.57     10.87
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RUSSELL 2000          100.00    101.00    116.71    109.33    129.50    138.67    133.43    134.90    125.58
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 JP MORGAN H & Q
  INTERNET 100         100.00    127.07    130.88    134.53    260.42    272.01    201.79    194.13    100.20
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* $100 INVESTED ON 3/26/99 IN STOCK OR INDEX -- INCLUDING REINVESTMENT OF
  DIVIDENDS.


SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

     Based upon Autobytel's review of forms filed by directors, officers and
certain beneficial owners of Autobytel's common stock (the "Section 16 Reporting
Persons") pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, Autobytel has identified the following filings that were filed late by
the Section 16 Reporting Persons during fiscal 2000: Michael Gorun did not file
one Form 4 with respect to at least one transaction.
Autobytel is not aware of
any other failures by the Section 16 Reporting Persons to file the forms
required to be filed by them pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.


CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Consulting Agreement.
Autobytel and Robert Grimes, a current director and a
former Executive Vice President of Autobytel, are parties to a two year
consulting services agreement dated April 1, 2000.
During the term of the
consulting agreement, Mr. Grimes is entitled to receive $50,000 per year payable
on a monthly basis and a $2,500 monthly office expense allowance.
Mr. Grimes
will make himself available to the executive officers of Autobytel for up to 16
hours a month for consultation and other activities related to formulating and
implementing business strategies and relationships.
Autobytel may terminate the
agreement upon Mr. Grimes' breach of contract.
If Mr. Grimes' agreement is
terminated without breach, Mr. Grimes is entitled to either a pro rated or a
lump sum payment equal to the consulting salary that would have been received by
Mr. Grimes if he had remained a consultant for the remaining balance of the two
year term.
In the event of death or disability, Autobytel will pay to Mr. Grimes
or his successors and assigns the amount that Mr. Grimes would have received for
the remainder of the term of the agreement.
Mr. Grimes has the right to
terminate the agreement upon 90 days notice to Autobytel.
During the term of the
agreement, Mr. Grimes will be entitled to participate in all of Autobytel's
employee welfare benefit plans at Autobytel's expense.

     
Loans.
From time to time, Autobytel has advanced funds to Peter Ellis, the
former chairman of the board of directors and former chief executive officer of
Autobytel.
As of December 31, 1999, Mr. Ellis was indebted to Autobytel in the
amount of $250,000 plus accrued interest at the rate of 8% per year compounded
quarterly, with principal and accrued interest due and payable on or before
March 1, 2003.
Autobytel received a pledge of 100,657 of Mr. Ellis' shares of
common stock to secure this loan.
Mr. Ellis repaid the loan, including accrued
interest, in January 2000.

     
Voting Proxy.
On January 11, 1999, in consideration of Autobytel waiving
its right of first refusal permitting the sale of $1.4 million of common stock
(at $11.88 per share) by Mr. Ellis to "accredited investors" as such term is
defined under Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933, Mr. Ellis transferred to
Autobytel the voting power of 593,175 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Ellis
for a period that is the earlier of three years from such date or until such
time as Mr. Ellis sells the shares to a person not affiliated with Mr. Ellis.

The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer, if any, of
Autobytel have the right to vote all of the proxy shares as they deem
appropriate or desirable.

       
AUTOBYTEL COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     
This report on executive compensation is required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by
any general statement incorporating by reference this joint proxy
statement/prospectus into any filing under the Securities Act, or under the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that Autobytel specifically incorporates this
information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed soliciting material
or filed under such Acts.

     
The compensation committee of the board of directors administers
Autobytel's executive compensation program.
The current members of the
compensation committee are Mr. Fuchs, Mr. Coats and Mr. Orton.
Each of these
persons is a non-employee director within the meaning of Section 16 of the
Securities Act of 1933, and an "outside director" within the meaning of Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.


GENERAL COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY

     The role of the compensation committee is to set the salaries and other
compensation of the executive officers and certain other key employees of
Autobytel, and to make grants under, and to administer, the stock option and
other employee purchase and bonus plans.
Autobytel's compensation philosophy for
executive officers is to relate compensation to corporate performance and
increases in stockholder value, while providing a total compensation package
that is competitive and enables Autobytel to attract, motivate, reward and
retain key executives and employees.
Accordingly, each executive officer's
compensation package may, in one or more years, be comprised of the following
three elements:

     - base salary that is designed primarily to be competitive with base salary
       levels in effect at high technology companies in California that are of
       comparable size to Autobytel and with which Autobytel competes for
       executive personnel;

     - annual variable performance awards, such as bonuses, payable in cash and
       tied to the achievement of performance goals, financial or otherwise,
       established by the compensation committee; and

     - long-term stock-based incentive awards which strengthen the mutuality of
       interests between the executive officers and Autobytel.com's
       stockholders.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Base Salary.
Salaries for executive officers for 2000 were generally
determined on an individual basis by evaluating each executive's scope of
responsibility, performance, prior experience and salary history, as well as the
salaries for similar positions at comparable companies.

     
Annual Incentive Awards.
The compensation committee evaluated the
performance of Autobytel relative to the performance of other similarly situated
companies.
To the extent that bonuses were paid to officers in 2000, the
compensation committee considered several factors including:

     - the position held by the executive to whom the bonus was paid;

     - total compensation paid by comparable companies to similarly situated
       executives;

     - the performance of the executive;

     - the development of Autobytel's operations as measured by its growth in
       revenues, the decline of the ratio of expenses to revenues and the level
       of its loss per share; and

     - the perceived increase in the value of Autobytel's business in light of
       factors, including market capitalization, third party investments and
       commercial transactions, and relative market position against
       competitors.

     
The compensation committee from time to time considers various
discretionary incentive compensation alternatives for Autobytel's executives.

     
Long-Term Incentive Awards.
The compensation committee believes that
equity-based compensation in the form of stock options links the interests of
executive officers with the long-term interests of Autobytel's stockholders and
encourages executive officers to remain in Autobytel's employ.
Stock options
generally have value for executive officers only if the price of Autobytel's
shares of common stock increases above the fair market value of a share of
common stock on the grant date and the officer remains in Autobytel's employ for
the period required for the shares granted to such person to vest.

     
In 2000, Autobytel granted stock options in accordance with the 1996 Stock
Incentive Plan, 1998 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Employee
and Acquisition Related Stock Option Plan and 2000 Stock Option Plan.
During
2000, stock options were granted to certain executive officers as incentives for
them to become employees or to aid in the retention of executive officers and to
align their interests with those of the stockholders.
Stock options typically
have been granted to executive officers when the executive first joins
Autobytel.
At the discretion of the compensation committee, executive officers
may also be granted stock options to provide greater incentives to continue
their employment with Autobytel and to strive to increase the value of
Autobytel's common stock.
The number of shares subject to each stock option
granted is within the discretion of the compensation committee and is based on
anticipated future contribution and ability to impact Autobytel's results, past
performance or consistency within the officer's peer group.
In 2000, the
compensation committee considered these factors.
The stock options granted in
2000 generally become exercisable over a three-year period and are granted at a
price that is equal to the fair market value of Autobytel's common stock on the
date of grant.


CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION

     Mr. Lorimer's base salary, target bonus, bonus paid and long-term incentive
awards for 2000 were determined by the compensation committee in a manner
consistent with the factors described above for all executive officers.


INTERNAL REVENUE CODE SECTION 162(M)
LIMITATION

     
The compensation committee has considered the potential impact of Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code on the compensation paid to Autobytel's
executive officers.
Section 162(m) disallows a tax deduction for the
compensation paid to certain executives of publicly-held corporations in excess
of $1.0 million in any taxable year.
The $1.0 million limitation applies per
executive per year and only to the compensation paid to the chief executive
officer and the four highest compensated executive officers, and provided such
compensation is not performance-based.
In general, it is the compensation
committee's policy to qualify its executives' compensation for deductibility
under applicable tax laws, although from time to time the compensation committee
will consider and award compensation not so qualified under appropriate
circumstances.

                                          
Compensation Committee

                                          Jeffrey H. Coats
                                          Michael J. Fuchs
                                          Kenneth J. Orton

                        AUTOBYTEL AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

     
The following Audit Committee Report is provided in accordance with the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pursuant to
such rules and regulations, this report shall not be deemed "soliciting
materials," filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, subject to
Regulation 14A or 14C of the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to
the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, nor shall this Audit Committee Report be deemed to be incorporated by
reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this joint proxy
statement/prospectus into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, except to the extent that Autobytel specifically incorporates this
information by reference.

     
The audit committee oversees Autobytel's financial reporting process on
behalf of its board of directors.
Management has the primary responsibility for
the financial statements, the reporting process and the systems of internal
controls.
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the committee reviewed
the audited financial statements in the annual report with management.
As part
of its review, the committee discussed the quality, and not just the
acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant
judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements.

     
The committee reviewed with the independent auditors, who are responsible
for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial
statements with generally accepted accounting principles, their judgments as to
the quality, not just the acceptability, of Autobytel's accounting principles
and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the committee under
generally accepted accounting principles.
In addition, the committee has
discussed with the independent auditors the auditors' independence from
management and Autobytel including the matters in the written disclosures
required by the Independence Standards Board and considered the compatibility of
non-audit services with the auditors' independence.

     
The committee discussed with the independent auditors the overall scope and
plans for their audits.
The committee meets with the independent auditors to
discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of Autobytel's
internal controls, and the overall quality of its financial reporting.

     
In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the committee
recommended to the board of directors (and the board of directors approved) that
the audited financial statements be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2000 for filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

                                          
The Audit Committee

                                          Richard A. Post
                                          Mark N. Kaplan
                                          Jeffrey H. Coats

                                AUTOWEB BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Autoweb is a leading consumer automotive Internet service.
Autoweb's Web
site centralizes an extensive collection of automotive-related commerce, content
and community offerings to assist consumers in researching, evaluating and
buying vehicles and automotive-related products and services such as insurance
and financing.
In addition, Autoweb provides automotive content, Web hosting and
development services and sales automation services to vehicle manufacturers,
dealers and online partners.
Autoweb was incorporated in California on October
3, 1995 as Downtown Web, Inc. and reincorporated in Delaware on March 16, 1999
as Autoweb.com, Inc.
Its principal executive offices are located at 3270 Jay
Street, Santa Clara, California 95054, and its telephone number is (408)
970-9100.

     
Autoweb began selling its services to automobile dealers and launched the
Autoweb Web site for consumer use in October 1995.
Currently its network of
member dealers (where each franchise and pre-owned location for a particular
vehicle manufacturer is defined as a member dealer) is approximately 4,400.

     
The Autoweb Web site and purchase process are designed to provide consumers
with dedicated customer care, choice and the means to execute their buying
decisions through a process that it believes is faster, better and easier than
traditional alternatives.
During 2000, Autoweb delivered approximately 1.6
million vehicle inquiries to member dealers and 1.5 million purchase inquiries
to automotive-related vendors or category partners.
Autoweb believes it has a
scalable business model characterized by diverse revenue sources and synergy
with online category, infrastructure and advertising partnerships.

     
Through its acquisition of Automotive Information Center, or AIC, in 1999,
Autoweb also provides consumers and automotive professionals with Autosite.com,
a 20,000-page online vehicle buyer's guide and a rich suite of related services
information and original automotive editorial content.

BENEFITS TO CONSUMERS

     Convenient Purchase Process.
The Autoweb purchase process provides an
environment that allows consumers to research, compare and select new or
pre-owned vehicles conveniently in the privacy of their home or office.
From the
Web site, a consumer can submit a purchase inquiry to up to two member dealers
in a geographic area.
The consumer is contacted by a member dealer, usually
within 24 hours of submitting their request and given information on the vehicle
of their choice and up-front pricing over the phone or via e-mail.

     
Informed Purchase Decision.
Consumers obtain online access to a wide range
of comprehensive, objective, up-to-date information about vehicle models,
options and dealer costs at no charge.
Information such as vehicle
specifications and other information provided by AIC's comprehensive database,
Kelley Blue Book pre-owned vehicle values and reviews from Autoweb's
Professional Review are available in a centralized location.
Autoweb's tools aid
consumers in finding a vehicle by offering the ability to search for a vehicle
by features (i.e., price, category, safety features, interior features).

Consumers can look at a variety of photographs of each vehicle and do a side by
side comparison of look, specifications and vehicle options.
Additionally, at
Autosite.com, consumers have access to a 20,000-page online vehicle buyer's
guide, services and information.

     
Availability of Automotive-Related Products and Services.
Autoweb's Web
site offers consumers convenient access to a wide range of automotive-related
products and services, such as financing, insurance and maintenance, before and
after the purchase of a vehicle.

BENEFITS TO MEMBER DEALERS

     Efficient Marketing and Sales Process.
By joining Autoweb's member dealer
network, member dealers gain access to a large number of purchase-minded
consumers who have, in many instances, already chosen the vehicle they wish to
purchase.
As a result, member dealers can complete the sales process

more quickly and efficiently, potentially enabling them over time to reduce
their labor and overhead costs.
Also, through its SalesEnhancer tool, Autoweb
provides sales automation tools to help member dealers (and non-member dealers)
manage sales, especially those sales related to their Internet marketing
efforts.

     
Flexible Automotive eSolutions.
Autoweb has designed a flexible package of
services that assists dealerships in targeting on-line customers, improving
management of their online sales department and improving their on-line buying
service effectiveness.
Dealers can choose from two different pricing models to
fit their needs.
Under the "pay-for-performance" program, dealers pay only when
Autoweb provides a qualified purchase inquiry to them.
In addition, the program
permits member dealers to customize the geographic radius from which they
receive purchase inquiries based on their evaluation of which purchase inquiries
will be most likely to result in vehicle sales.
Under the "flat fee" program,
dealers set a customized geographic radius from which they receive a number of
purchase inquiries and pay a flat rate for a 90 day period.
The flat rate is
based on a number of leads to be received per month.

     
Purchase Inquiry Verification.
Autoweb verifies and appends additional
useful information to over two thirds of the purchase inquiries processed
through its Web site.
It filters out unsubstantiated purchase inquiries prior to
sending them on to its member dealers.
This saves the dealer partners valuable
time and resources in tracking down dead-end leads or bad information.

BENEFITS TO OTHERS

     Vehicle Manufacturers.
Autoweb provides vehicle manufacturers with access
to a large number of purchase-minded consumers from an attractive demographic
base.
Using the targeted nature of Internet advertising, manufacturers can
advertise their brand image effectively to specific subsets of Autoweb
consumers.
Vehicle manufacturers can deliver advertisements to consumers who are
researching vehicles of direct competitors, thereby increasing the likelihood of
influencing their purchase decisions.
Furthermore, vehicle manufacturers can
sponsor packaged Autoweb services provided to member dealers to improve sales of
given vehicle makes and models.
In addition, AIC provides automotive
manufacturers with the data, tools and services used for internal planning,
competitive analysis and development and for re-publication on their Web sites.

     
Category Partners.
Autoweb provides category partners with access to a
large number of purchase-minded consumers in the process of researching vehicles
and automotive-related products and services.
Consumers seeking to purchase a
vehicle may wish to buy direct or may also require insurance, financing, car
accessories or related services from one of its online category partners.

Consumers seeking automotive information are also often interested in or
specifically researching competitive providers for their current
automotive-related services.
Category partners can advertise to these consumers
or integrate their product with the Web site.

     Portals and Publishers.
Integrating content and decision tools with diverse
commerce choices and lifecycle offerings, Autoweb provides partners with co- and
ingredient-branded automotive Web modules and turnkey destinations.
AIC data and
comparison tools are the basis for online new car buying sites, media sites and
search engine buying services, providing these partners with high quality data
and service cost efficiencies.


STRATEGY

     Autoweb's objective is to be a leading consumer automotive Internet
service.
Its strategy is to leverage the consumer focus, traffic volume,
information expertise (automotive data, content and tools) and collaborative
partnerships with dealers, vehicle manufacturers, portals and category partners
to create a robust, dynamic automotive site.


CONSUMER FOCUS

     Optimize Consumer Experience.
Autoweb provides the consumer with the data
and tools to research, compare and locate the car of their choice from a central
Web location.


TRAFFIC VOLUME

     Increase Consumer Traffic.
As part of its efforts to increase consumer
traffic, it continues to focus its online advertising on a variety of high
traffic Web sites.
The Autoweb Affiliates program launched in the second quarter
of 1998, had approximately 3,000 Web sites participating in the program in 2000.

Under this program, affiliated Web sites are paid a fee to provide it with
additional traffic to its purchase request process.
Autoweb also has
revenue-sharing arrangements with companies such as America Online, iWon.com,
Homestore.com and Lycos relating to purchase inquiries submitted by consumers
through links between its Web site and the other company's Web sites.
It intends
to expand its revenue-sharing and affiliate programs with other selected Web
sites in an effort to drive additional consumer traffic to its site.


INFORMATION EXPERTISE

     Enhance and Broaden Content Offerings.
Autoweb provides high quality
content which facilitates consumer buying decisions related to and including the
purchase of a vehicle.
Autoweb works with leading automotive content providers
to provide consumers with expert advice and information on its Web site.
Autoweb
has strong relationships with the majority of vehicle manufacturers, such as
General Motors and Ford, including data licensing and on-going Web-based project
using development of the AIC competitive comparison product database.

Furthermore, AIC currently has commercial relationships to support its data
licensing efforts with Yahoo!, Excite, and Lycos.
Autoweb intends to broaden the
resources and services available to consumers by developing relationships with
other leading automotive content providers.

     
Increase Brand Awareness.
Autoweb brand awareness is critical to it being a
leading consumer automotive Internet service.
Its consumer branding efforts are
primarily focused on online advertising and infrastructure partnerships with
quality high traffic Web sites.
Autoweb currently has long-term marketing
arrangements with America Online and Lycos and shorter term advertising
relationships with others.
It ended a long-term marketing relationship with
Yahoo!, but continues to advertise on their Web site.
Autoweb's strategy is to
increase its brand awareness further through continued online advertising, co-
and ingredient-branded infrastructure partnerships, traditional media
advertising and automotive industry focused media, ongoing public relations
efforts and expanded affiliate arrangements.

     
Expand and Enhance Member Dealer Network.
Autoweb believes that enhancing
the quality and franchise distribution of its member dealer network is critical
to its success.
Autoweb's objective is to have at least one member dealer
representing each vehicle manufacturer make within a reasonable driving distance
of every consumer in the United States, with most consumers given a choice of
several dealers within a given area.


SERVICES

     Autoweb currently offers the following services on its Web sites.

               NAME OF SERVICE                                      DESCRIPTION
               ---------------                                      -----------

Autoweb.com New Vehicle Program                - Buy a new vehicle from Autoweb's network of
                                                 certified member dealers
Autoweb.com Pre-Owned Vehicle Program          - Buy a vehicle listed in Autoweb's database of
                                                 pre-owned inventory, either from one of its member
                                                 dealers or from another consumer
Autoweb.com Sell Your Vehicle Program          - List a pre-owned vehicle for sale
Autoweb.com Vehicle Insurance                  - Obtain insurance quotes and purchase online with
                                                 Insweb Insurance Services
Autoweb.com Vehicle Financing                  - Obtain finance quotes from ProAct
Advertising                                    - Advertisers can advertise or participate in
                                                 sponsorships on Autoweb.com and Autosite.com
Autosite.com Commerce Partners                 - Buy automotive and related products and services
                                                 from high quality commerce partners

               NAME OF SERVICE                                      DESCRIPTION
               ---------------                                      -----------

SalesEnhancer                                  - A sales automation tool to help member dealers (and
                                                 non-member dealers) manage sales from walk-ins and
                                                 those related to its Internet marketing efforts
Autoweb.com Extended Warranty                  - Obtain extended vehicle warranty quotes from
                                                 Warranty Gold and Warrantybynet.com
Autoweb.com Parts and Accessories              - Obtain parts and accessories from CarParts.com and a
                                                 parts catalog from JC Whitney
Autoweb.com Credit Reports                     - Purchase a personal credit report
Autoweb.com Lemon Check                        - Get a car screening and purchase a Lemon Check
                                                 report through CarFax
Autoweb.com Service Center                     - Schedule vehicle service appointments online in
                                                 Atlanta, Minneapolis/St. Paul, and Seattle
Content Services Autosite.com                  - A 20,000-page online vehicle buyer's guide and a
                                                 rich source of related services, information and
                                                 original automotive editorial content
AutoSite Pro                                   - An extensive source of competitive and product
                                                 information for auto manufacturers
AutoSite Pro Lite                              - A product information source and data distribution
                                                 point for print and electronic media
Autoweb.com Vehicle Research                   - Identify a specific vehicle and get the facts on the
                                                 vehicle you want.
Get prices, specifications and
                                                 photos.
Compare different cars and price different
                                                 options
                                               - Browse vehicles by various financial, geographic and
                                                 class criteria.
Let Autoweb help you decide on your
                                                 next car.
Get prices, specifications and photos.
                                                 
Compare different cars and price different options
Autoweb.com Pre-Owned Vehicle Prices           - Obtain Kelley Blue Book pre-owned vehicle values
Autoweb.com Reviews                            - Obtain consumer reviews and professional reviews
                                                 from Autoweb Professional Review, New Car Test Drive
                                                 and The Car Connection
Autoweb.com Automotive News                    - Read about the latest automotive news from Reuters
Autoweb.com Automotive Guides                  - Use Autoweb's troubleshooting guide to pinpoint the
                                                 symptoms your car is exhibiting and learn possible
                                                 causes.
Use Autoweb's maintenance and repair section
                                                 to obtain automotive tips and hints provided by ASE.
                                                 
Use Autoweb's selling vs. trading-in guide.
Use
                                                 Autoweb's selling checklist to prepare your car for
                                                 sale and help you get your full asking price
Autoweb.com Maintenance & Repair               - Obtain automotive tips and hints provided by ASE.
                                                 
Also reference maintenance guide and repair index
Autoweb.com Recalls & Service Bulletins        - Obtain vehicle recall information and technical
                                                 service bulletins
Autoweb.com Loan/Lease Calculator              - Calculate your monthly auto expenses or compare loan
                                                 vs. lease payments

               NAME OF SERVICE                                      DESCRIPTION
               ---------------                                      -----------

Autoweb.com Weekly Publication                 - Read weekly automotive editorials from industry
                                                 experts
Autoweb.com Interior 360(degrees)              - View 360 (degrees) photos of the interiors of the
                                                 top 200 vehicles through IPIX.


SALES

     Sales to Dealers.
Autoweb believes that the quality and franchise
distribution of its member dealer network is critical to its success.
The sales
force seeks to ensure that its member dealer network provides coverage such that
consumers are always within a reasonable driving distance of at least one member
dealer.
The regional specialists analyze purchase inquiries from areas not
currently covered by its member dealer network and target dealers within these
areas to join its program.
Dealers are chosen based on their ability to meet
this unsatisfied demand and their agreement to adhere to the Autoweb purchase
process.
Regional account managers are compensated based on building successful,
long-term dealer relationships.
The same sales force is responsible for both the
new and pre-owned vehicle programs, since its pre-owned vehicle program is also
primarily targeted to franchised dealers, as opposed to independent dealers.

     
Sales to Vehicle Manufacturers and Category Partners.
The Autoweb business
development group is responsible for expanding Autoweb's commerce services in
the vehicle and automotive-related markets.
Category partners are selected based
on their ability to provide relevant, quality services online that enhance
Autoweb's value to consumers.
Business development is focused on expanding
existing service categories and adding new consumer categories.
Additionally,
AIC has a business development group focused on Autosite.com online commerce
partnerships and a sales group focused on vehicle manufacturer products and
services.

     
Sales to Advertisers.
Autoweb's advertising sales effort is primarily
targeted to vehicle manufacturers and automotive-related mass market consumer
vendors.
Campaign specifications are typically negotiated with the advertising
agency or directly with the manufacturer or automotive-related vendor.


MARKETING

     Autoweb's marketing strategy includes the following key points:

     Build the Brand.
To date, it has focused primarily on online promotions and
print media.
In addition, its regular advertising in the leading automotive
trade publications has helped to build dealer brand awareness.

     
Spend Efficiently on Advertising.
Broad consumer interest in the automotive
category allows Autoweb to use a versatile advertising strategy.
As a result, it
has been able to build its brand effectively through the efficient use of online
advertising and consumer promotional events including high profile, high traffic
Web sites such as America Online (and related properties), Yahoo! and Lycos.

     
Increase Revenue Per Visitor.
To increase revenue per visitor, Autoweb must
enhance and expand the content and increase the services available on its Web
site.
It continues to expand its research content and tools and to add products
and services to aid consumers throughout the car ownership cycle.

     
Develop Strategic Relationships.
In addition to Autoweb's advertisements,
it has created revenue-sharing relationships with brand leaders such as America
Online, iWon.com and Lycos.
It intends to continue to develop strategic
relationships that will provide not only brand exposure but also valuable
content for its Web site.

     
Expand the Autoweb.com Affiliates Program.   
The Autoweb affiliates program
allows other Web sites to link with the Autoweb Web site.
The affiliates receive
a commission for traffic and consumers delivered

to the Autoweb site.
This program generates brand awareness and revenue for a
lower relative cost.
Autoweb intends to expand this program in the future.


TECHNOLOGY

     Autoweb believes that it has built a robust, scalable user interface, a
content delivery and transaction processing system that is designed around
industry standard architectures and internally-developed proprietary software.

The system records and collects operational data records regarding franchised
dealers, billing information, pre-owned vehicle listings and new and pre-owned
vehicle purchase inquiries.
The system also handles other aspects of the new and
pre-owned vehicle buying process, including submitting XML, e-mail and facsimile
copies of consumer purchase inquiries to member dealers and submitting insurance
and finance inquiries, as well as other inquiries to its category partners.

     
Autoweb has an online system available for member dealers, advertisers and
category partners to access relevant information.
For example, member dealers
can access an Autoweb Web site to manage their pre-owned car inventory by
adding, modifying or updating their listings, as well as uploading pictures of
pre-owned cars.
Member dealers can view their customer information and generate
reports based on their customers' survey responses.
Autoweb affiliates can also
use the extranet to view activity summaries of their account.

     
Autoweb service provides 24 hour a day, seven day a week availability,
subject to occasional short maintenance periods and power outages.
The State of
California is suffering an energy crisis and has periodically implemented
rolling black outs throughout the state.
It is anticipated that the energy
crisis will continue into the near future resulting in continued shortages of
electricity and power outages.
Autoweb's system hardware is hosted and located
at Exodus Communications, Inc. in Santa Clara, California.
Exodus provides for
an independent back up power source in order to prevent a break in service to
the Internet.
However, recently, Exodus suffered a power disruption that caused
its backup system to fail.
This outage did not have a material adverse effect on
Autoweb.
The network is protected by a firewall from Checkpoint.
Autoweb has
engineered redundancy into its systems.
Both firewalls and load balances are set
up with "hot fail" switchover, minimizing service impact if systems fail.
The
system consists of Dell database servers running Microsoft SQL and several
Pentium-based Microsoft Internet servers running on Windows NT operating
systems.
Autoweb uses Allaire Cold Fusion for most of its Web application
development and delivery.


COMPETITION

     The market for the purchase of vehicles and automotive-related products and
services is intensely competitive, and Autoweb expects competition to increase
significantly, particularly on the Internet.
Barriers to entry on the Internet
are relatively low, and it faces competitive pressures from numerous companies.

Currently, it believes its most significant competitor is MSN CarPoint.
There
are also a number of Web sites that offer vehicles, particularly vehicle
manufacturers' own Web sites and sites for electronic classified ads.

Additionally, there are numerous Web sites that offer vehicle information and
other content, as well as community offerings, directly to the vehicle buying
consumer or targeted audiences such as car collectors.
It also faces competition
from large dealer groups and traditional media companies, such as newspaper,
television and radio companies, many of which currently operate a Web site.
In
addition to direct competitors, Autoweb also competes indirectly with vehicle
brokerage firms, discount warehouse clubs and automobile clubs.
Several auction
Web sites auction vehicles on the Internet.
Autoweb also competes with a variety
of automotive data, vehicle manufacturer and dealer services companies.

     
Autoweb believes that the principal competitive factors in attracting
consumers to its Web site are:

     - a positive vehicle purchasing experience for the consumer;

     - brand awareness and loyalty;

     - breadth of selections;

     - ease of use;

     - adequate geographic coverage of member dealers;

     - Web site functionality, responsiveness and information; and

     - quality of content, service offerings and customer service.

     
Autoweb believes that the principal competitive factors in attracting
member dealers, category partners and advertisers include:

     - the volume of its Web site traffic;

     - its brand awareness and loyalty;

     - the demographics of its consumers;

     - the cost effectiveness of purchase inquiries it delivers; and

     - the cost effectiveness of advertising on its Web site.

     
Many of its existing and potential competitors have longer operating
histories in the Internet market, greater name recognition, larger consumer
bases and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources
than it does.
These competitors may be able to undertake more extensive
marketing campaigns for their brand, products and services, adopt more
aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to potential
employees.
Furthermore, Autoweb's existing and potential competitors may develop
offerings that equal or exceed the quality of its offerings, or achieve greater
market acceptance, than Autoweb.
It cannot assure you that it will be able to
compete successfully against its current or future competitors or that
competition will not have a material adverse effect on its business, results of
operations and financial condition.


PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

     Autoweb regards its patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and similar
intellectual property, including its rights to certain domain names, as critical
to its success.
It relies upon trademark, patent and copyright law, trade secret
protection and confidentiality or license agreements with its employees,
customers, partners, and others to protect its proprietary rights.
For example,
it has obtained trademark registration for "Autoweb," "Autoweb.com," "Take The
Wheel" and "Autokey."
It attempts to ensure that the quality of its brand is
maintained by its licensees, however, its licensees may take actions that could
materially adversely affect the value of its proprietary rights or the
reputation of its products.
Protection of the distinctive elements of
"Autoweb.com" may not be available under the law.
It cannot guarantee that the
steps it has taken to protect its proprietary rights will be adequate.


PRIVACY POLICY

     Autoweb believes that issues relating to privacy and use of personal
information relating to Internet users are becoming increasingly important as
the Internet expands and its commercial use increases.
Autoweb has adopted and
posted to the Web site a privacy policy concerning how Autoweb uses information
about its consumer visitors and the extent to which others may have access to
this information.
It uses information about its consumer visits for internal
purposes in order to improve marketing and promotional efforts to analyze Web
site usage statistically and to improve content, product offerings and Web site
layout.
Any refinements of its privacy policy will be clearly disclosed to its
Web site visitors.


EMPLOYEES

     As of March 31, 2001, Autoweb had 152 full-time employees, including 48 in
sales and marketing and 104 in general and administration.
Autoweb has never had
a work stoppage, and no employees are represented under collective bargaining
agreements.


PROPERTIES

     Autoweb's principal administrative, marketing and product development
facilities are located in approximately 23,880 square feet of office space in
Santa Clara, California.
The lease for this space expires on August 1, 2004 and
does not provide for a renewal option.
It also leases office space in
Westborough, Massachusetts, Los Angeles, California and Detroit, Michigan.
It
believes that these spaces will be adequate to meet its needs in the foreseeable
future.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     In April and May 2001, ______ purported class action lawsuits were filed in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against
Autoweb's current and former directors and officers and underwriters involved in
Autoweb's initial public offering.
The complaints allege violations of the
Securities Act of 1933 and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 involving
alleged undisclosed compensation to the underwriters and seek unspecified
damages.
Autoweb believes it has meritorious defenses to the complaints and
intends to vigorously defend the action.

                        
AUTOWEB SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     
The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with
the Autoweb financial statements and related notes and "Autoweb Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                  
QUARTER
                                                   ENDED                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                 MARCH 31,   -------------------------------------------------
                                                   2001        2000       1999       1998      1997      1996
                                                 ---------   
--------   --------   
--------   -------   ------
                                                           (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA
Net revenues...................................  $ 10,094    $ 52,280   $ 32,792   $ 13,041   $ 3,492   $  307
Loss from operations...........................   (19,446)    (36,863)   (20,214)   (11,425)   (2,971)    (835)

Net loss attributable to common stockholders...   (19,121)    (38,370)   (18,153)   (12,374)   (3,196)    (853)

Net loss per share attributable to common
  stockholders:
  Basic and diluted............................  $  (0.65)   $  (1.36)  $  (0.85)  $  (1.58)  $ (0.41)  $(0.11)
  Weighted average shares -- basic and
    diluted....................................    29,535      28,291     21,245      7,850     7,794    7,497

                                                                                 DECEMBER 31,
                                                    MARCH 31,   ----------------------------------------------
                                                      2001       2000      1999       1998      1997     1996
                                                    ---------   -------   -------   --------   -------   
-----
                                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term
  investments.....................................   $13,191    $27,137   $30,284   $  2,714   $ 1,819   $  11
Restricted cash...................................        --         --     2,550         --        --      --
Working capital (deficiency)......................    
23,385     40,021    39,607        800       773    (761)
Total assets......................................    39,620     60,144    71,677      7,185     3,294     261
Long-term obligations, less current portion.......        --         --       361        654        17      81
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
  stock...........................................        --         --        --     12,969     5,261     158
         Total stockholders' equity (deficit).....    35,553     54,361    60,686    (11,661)   (4,030)   (884)

      AUTOWEB MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     You should read the following discussion of Autoweb's results of operations
and financial condition in conjunction with Autoweb's consolidated financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.