URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1089907/000101287001500495/0001012870-01-500495.txt

Background of the Merger

   As a regular part of their business plans, Kana and Broadbase have from time
to time each considered opportunities for expanding and strengthening their
technology, products, research and development capabilities and distribution
channels, including strategic acquisitions, business combinations, investments,
licensing and development agreements and joint ventures.

   
Between late December 1999 and the end of February 2000, Michael J.
McCloskey, Kana's former chief executive officer, and Chuck Bay, president and
chief executive officer of Broadbase, engaged in discussions regarding a
potential strategic business combination.
During that time, various members of
the Broadbase management team met with members of Kana's management team to
conduct business due diligence and to discuss the potential benefits of a
business combination, and representatives of the two companies communicated
regarding possible terms of a transaction.
However, the parties did not reach
agreement on proposed terms.
From time to time from April 2000 to December
2000, Mr. McCloskey and Mr. Bay occasionally communicated regarding their
businesses and potential relationships between the companies.

   
At various times between April 2000 and March 2001, Mr. Bay and other
representatives of Broadbase also held preliminary discussions with several
other companies with respect to potential acquisitions of Broadbase or
potential mergers involving Broadbase, some of which parties conducted
financial, legal and technical due diligence on Broadbase.
However, Broadbase
did not reach agreement with any of these companies as to valuation or other
material terms of any potential merger or acquisitions, and the parties did not
engage in negotiations of definitive agreements for any such transactions.

   
During the last week of March 2001, James C. Wood, Kana's new chief
executive officer, contacted Mr. Bay to discuss the respective businesses of
Kana and Broadbase and to determine whether Broadbase would be interested in
resuming discussions regarding a business combination with Kana.
Over the next
several days, Mr. Wood and Mr. Bay engaged in preliminary discussions regarding
the nature of a possible business combination between Kana and Broadbase and
the potential of the combined enterprise.

   
At a special meeting of the board held on the evening of March 30, 2001,
Kana's board of directors received an update from Mr. Wood and other officers
of Kana on Kana's business and financial condition, its remaining cash and cash
expenditure rate, and its competitive outlook in the marketplace.
Kana's board
of directors decided to evaluate various strategic transactions, including a
potential business combination with Broadbase and other potential strategic
transactions with several companies with respect to which Kana had received
informal inquiries but had not yet received formal offers or indications of
interest.
Among these companies were Company A, a large Nasdaq-listed
enterprise software applications provider, and Company B a large, Nasdaq-listed
communications hardware and software provider.
Kana's board instructed Mr. Wood
to contact Goldman, Sachs & Co., (Goldman Sachs), in connection with the
proposed strategic transactions.
In addition, Kana's board authorized Mr. Wood
to continue evaluating potential strategic transactions, including further
discussions with Broadbase, Company A and Company B.

   On April 2 and April 3, 2001, the Kana board held two special meetings to
review the status of the strategic transactions available to Kana.
The Kana
board discussed the merits of potential strategic business combinations with
Broadbase, Company A and Company B and certain other companies in the software
industry and communications industry.
The discussions included the strategic
benefits that could be achieved in a combination of the companies' products and
services, management and sales organizations and the possibility of obtaining
interim financing in connection with any such transaction.
The Kana board also
discussed potential

headcount and cost reductions.
Mr. Wood reported to the board that additional
discussions had been held with representatives of Company A and Company B and
it was likely that Kana would receive a proposal for a strategic transaction
from one or both companies in the near future.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs
and Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Kana's outside legal counsel (Brobeck)
attended the meetings.
On April 3, 2001, Kana's board agreed to formally retain
Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor in connection with potential strategic
transactions.

   
On April 2 and April 3, 2001, Mr. Wood and Mr. Bay continued to discuss the
benefits of a strategic transaction between Kana and Broadbase, the benefits of
combining the companies, the possibility of interim financing, and valuation
expectations.

   
On April 3 and April 4, 2001, Kana and Broadbase, respectively, announced
their preliminary results of operations for the first quarter of 2001.

   
On April 5, 2001, Eric Willgohs, Broadbase's Executive Vice President and
General Counsel, contacted Fenwick & West LLP, Broadbase's outside legal
counsel (Fenwick) and Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated (Morgan Stanley)
regarding the proposed merger, and representatives of Morgan Stanley, Fenwick
and Broadbase prepared a draft term sheet to be submitted to Kana.
On April 5,
2001, the Broadbase board of directors held a special meeting to review the
discussions with Kana.
The Broadbase board discussed potential benefits and
risks of the proposed transaction with Kana, as well as the anticipated
operating results of the combined company.
Representatives of Fenwick discussed
specific terms of the proposed transaction with Kana, including the proposed
exchange ratio, the proposed interim financing of Kana, the proposed stock
option agreements and voting agreements, the proposed management and board of
directors of the combined company, the terms of the non-solicitation covenants,
and the terms of the proposed license agreement, and the duties of the
Broadbase board with respect to the proposed transaction.
The Broadbase board
authorized management to proceed with its discussions with Kana.
In addition,
Broadbase's board agreed to formally retain Morgan Stanley as its financial
advisor in connection with the proposed transaction.

   
On April 5, 2001, the Kana board held a special meeting to review the status
of discussions with Broadbase, Company A and Company B as well as other
possible strategic transactions.
The Kana board reviewed and discussed the term
sheet which had been delivered by Broadbase's financial advisor, Morgan
Stanley.
The Kana board also reviewed and discussed a letter of interest that
had been received by Kana indicating the basic terms of a possible transaction
with Company A. Mr. Wood reported that it was likely that a formal offer would
be made by Company B in the next 48-72 hours, but that the offer was likely to
be for a strategic investment, rather than a business combination.

Representatives of Brobeck and Goldman Sachs also attended and participated in
this meeting.
Among the factors the Kana board considered in evaluating
potential transactions with each of Broadbase, Company A and Company B were the
comparative market capitalizations, revenue potential, liquidity, possibility
of interim financing, infrastructures and product fit of each potential
partner, as well as the timeline on which a transaction could be concluded.

Representatives of Brobeck then discussed specific aspects of the proposed
transaction with Broadbase, including the proposed restrictions on the conduct
of Kana's business, the proposed management of Kana following the merger, the
terms of the non-solicitation covenants, the termination sections and the
consequences of termination, the operation of the stock option agreements, the
terms of the voting agreements, and the possible terms of an interim loan from
Broadbase.
Based on the relative merits offered by each potential transaction,
the Kana board determined that it would move forward with negotiating
definitive documents with Broadbase based on the term sheet reviewed at the
meeting, but that it would entertain further discussions with Company A and/or
Company B should a formal offer from one or both companies be forthcoming.

   
On April 5, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into a non-disclosure
agreement, and Broadbase instructed Fenwick to prepare drafts of the merger
agreement and other transaction documents.
Later that evening, Brobeck and
representatives of Company A's outside legal counsel negotiated a nondisclosure
agreement, which was then executed by Kana and Company A.

   Beginning on the morning of April 6, 2001 and continuing through April 8,
2001, a series of meetings was held at the offices of Fenwick between
marketing, legal, operations, technical and finance personnel,

accountants and financial advisors of both companies for the purpose of
conducting due diligence.
Representatives from Brobeck and Fenwick also
conducted a legal due diligence review.
On the evening of April 6, 2001, a
draft of a merger agreement and other draft transaction documents were
distributed to the working group for the transaction by Fenwick.

   
On April 7, 2001, Brobeck provided its initial comments on the draft merger
agreement and other draft transaction documents previously distributed by
Fenwick.

   
In the early evening of April 7, 2001, the Broadbase board of directors held
a special meeting to review the status of the discussions with Kana.
The board
discussed the proposed plan for headcount reductions at both companies, the
financial condition, liquidity and anticipated results of operations of
Broadbase and Kana, and the cost structure and anticipated potential results of
operations of the combined company.
Representatives of Morgan Stanley attended
and discussed the financial performance of Kana and Broadbase, current economic
and industry conditions, and the likelihood and possible terms of alternative
transactions that Broadbase could pursue.
Representatives of Fenwick also
attended and advised the Broadbase board of its fiduciary duties in considering
the merger and reviewed the principal terms of the revised draft merger
agreement and related agreements.
The Broadbase board discussed the principal
terms of the proposed transaction, including the proposed exchange ratio, the
requirement that Broadbase provide Kana with up to $20 million in unsecured
loans, and the operation and terms of the proposed distribution and license
agreement, the proposed voting agreements and the proposed stock option
agreements.
The Broadbase board authorized management to continue its
negotiations with Kana.

   
In the early evening of April 7, 2001, the Kana board held a special meeting
to discuss the status of the potential strategic transactions available to
Kana.
Mr. Wood noted that in the afternoon, Kana had received a formal proposal
from Company A for an acquisition of Kana and a formal proposal from Company B
for a strategic investment in Kana.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs attended
the meeting and discussed the selected financial attributes of Kana, Broadbase
and Company A. Representatives of Goldman Sachs also participated in
discussions with the board with respect to the terms of the proposals from
Company A and Company B.
After further discussion, the Kana board determined
that, notwithstanding the strength and resources of Company B, a business
combination with Broadbase was preferable to operating independently following
an investment by Company B because of the perceived strategic fit between
Kana's and Broadbase's businesses and product lines.
The Kana board determined
that Company B's proposal had a number of disadvantages and did not offer as
much value to Kana and its stockholders as a combination with Broadbase.
Mr.
Wood also noted that Company B had indicated that it was not interested in
consummating a business combination with Kana in the near term.
The Kana board
then determined to defer further discussions with Company B.

   The Kana board then considered the terms of the alternative proposal from
Company A as compared with the Broadbase proposal.
The Kana board noted that
the alternative proposal from Company A was subject to a due diligence
investigation that had not yet begun and the drafting and negotiating of
definitive agreements, and weighed these factors in light of the relative
certainty associated with the relatively more completed process with Broadbase,
and the attractiveness of the interim funding aspect of the Broadbase proposal,
in light of Kana's cash position.
The Company A proposal was further weighed
against the possibility that Broadbase might have been unwilling to proceed on
the terms then under discussion if Kana continued to engage in discussions with
Company A.
The Kana board viewed the Broadbase transaction as more attractive
than the alternative proposal from Company A both because of the proposed terms
of the respective transactions and because it believed that Broadbase's
financial position, products, services, management and sales organizations
provided a more favorable strategic fit with Kana than a strategic combination
with Company A.
The Kana board also considered that a definitive merger
agreement with Broadbase would contain provisions allowing Kana to consider and
respond to future unsolicited proposals from Company A, Company B, or any other
party if the Kana board made a finding that it was required to do so to comply
with its fiduciary duties to its stockholders, subject to the payment to
Broadbase of a $2.5 million merger termination fee and other provisions.

   
Representatives of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP discussed with and
answered questions from the Kana board of its legal duties and responsibilities
in connection with considering the proposed business combination with Broadbase
and reviewed the principal terms of the revised draft merger agreement and
related agreements.
The Kana board discussed the principal issues in the
proposed transaction with Broadbase, the proposed exchange ratio, treatment of
Broadbase employees following the proposed transaction, acceleration of
Broadbase stock options, management of the combined companies and industry
competition.
The Kana board also reviewed additional issues relating to the
proposed transaction with Broadbase, including the merger consideration,
exchange ratio, and termination rights, the distribution and license agreement
and the proposed headcount reduction.
After lengthy discussion, the Kana board
decided to continue negotiating with Broadbase, subject to review of the
revised merger agreement and revised related agreements.

   
During the evening of April 7, 2001 and the morning of April 8, 2001,
representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick held a series of negotiations concerning
the terms of the draft merger agreement and the other draft related agreements
by teleconference and at the offices of Fenwick.
The terms discussed in these
negotiations included, among other things, the representations and warranties
made by the parties, the restrictions on the conduct of their business, the
terms of the non-solicitation covenants and other material covenants, the
termination provisions, the provisions regarding payment of the termination
fees and the consequences of termination, the conditions to closing and the
definition of adverse events that would not prevent the closing of the
transaction, the terms and conditions of the revolving loan agreement, the
distribution and license agreement, the stock option agreements and the voting
agreements.

   
On the afternoon of April 8, 2001, revised drafts of the proposed merger
agreement and other related agreements were distributed by Fenwick, and Brobeck
provided comments on these draft agreements.
Through the evening of April 8,
2001, representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick continued to negotiate the terms
of these agreements by teleconference and at the offices of Fenwick.

Thereafter, revised agreements were distributed by Fenwick.

   
The Kana board held a special meeting in the evening on April 8, 2001 to
review and approve the terms of the merger with Broadbase.
Mr. Rodriguez,
Kana's Interim Chief Financial Officer, updated the board on Kana's financial
position, including its cash position.
Brobeck briefed the Kana board regarding
the board's legal duties and responsibilities in connection with considering
the merger, and again reviewed the results of the parties' further
negotiations, the principal terms of the merger agreement and the related
agreements.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs attended the meeting and discussed
the financial performance of Kana and Broadbase, the current financial market
environment, the stock trading patterns of Kana and Broadbase as well as other
companies in the software industry and the financial impact of the proposed
merger.
Goldman Sachs later delivered its oral opinion to Kana's board that, as
of such date, and subject to a number of assumptions, qualifications and
limitations which are set forth in the written opinion attached as Appendix
VIII to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the exchange ratio of 1.05
shares of Kana common stock to be exchanged for each share of Broadbase common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
to Kana.
Following the discussions, Kana's board unanimously determined that
the proposed merger was fair and in the best interests of Kana and its
stockholders and approved the terms of the merger agreement and related
agreements and the issuance of Kana stock in the merger and authorized Mr. Wood
to execute, on behalf of Kana, the merger agreement and related agreements,
subject to any non-material changes that Mr. Wood was empowered to negotiate.

In addition, the Kana board considered a proposed plan for reduction of Kana's
headcount and other operating savings, including the impact of this plan if the
merger was not consummated, the impact of this plan on Kana's anticipated costs
and revenues, and the viability of further headcount reductions.
The Kana board
unanimously approved the proposed headcount and expenditure reduction plan and
the future operations and cash requirements of Kana and the combined Company.

   
In the evening on April 8, 2001, the Broadbase board of directors held a
special meeting to review and approve the terms of the proposed merger.

Representatives of Morgan Stanley and Fenwick were present.
Morgan Stanley
delivered its oral opinion to Broadbase's board that, as of that date, the
exchange ratio of 1.05 shares of Kana common stock to be exchanged for each
share of Broadbase common stock pursuant to the merger was fair to Broadbase's
stockholders from a financial point of view.
Fenwick advised the Broadbase

board regarding the board's legal duties and responsibilities considering the
merger, and again reviewed the principal terms of the merger agreement and the
related agreements.
Following the discussions, Broadbase's board unanimously
determined that the proposed merger was fair and in the best interests of
Broadbase and its stockholders and approved the terms of the merger agreement
and related agreements and authorized Mr. Bay to execute, on behalf of
Broadbase, the merger agreement and related agreements, subject to any non-
material changes that Mr. Bay was empowered to negotiate.
In addition, the
Broadbase board considered the Broadbase's proposed headcount reduction plan,
including the impact of this plan if the merger was not consummated, the impact
of the plan on Broadbase's anticipated costs and revenues, and the viability of
further headcount reductions.
After discussion, the Broadbase board unanimously
approved the proposed headcount reduction plan.

   
Representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick then proceeded to complete
negotiations on the remaining disputed points of the merger agreement and the
related agreements.

   
Early in the morning on April 9, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into the
merger agreement, the stock option agreements, the revolving loan agreement and
the distribution and license agreement.
Also on April 9, 2001, certain
stockholders of Kana entered into voting agreements with Broadbase and certain
Broadbase stockholders entered into voting agreements with Kana, and agreed to
vote their shares in favor of the transaction.
Kana and Broadbase then issued a
joint press release announcing the signing of the merger agreement and held a
conference call to discuss the merger with interested investors and analysts.


Recommendation of the Kana Board of Directors and Kana's Reasons for the Merger

 Kana's Reasons for the Merger

   The board of directors of Kana unanimously concluded that the merger was in
the best interests of Kana and its stockholders, and determined to recommend
that the stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Kana common stock in
the merger.
This decision was based upon several potential benefits of the
merger that Kana's board believes will contribute to the success of the
combined company.
These potential benefits from combining Broadbase with Kana
include:

  .
The opportunity to preserve and enhance stockholder value by combining
    two complementary businesses.

  .
access to Broadbase's cash reserves to help fund Kana's operations;

  .
expanding Kana's technology leadership by providing a web-architected e-
    Business platform and a comprehensive suite of customer-facing
    applications;

  .
the combination of products that could provide the platform for linking
    business-to-consumer and business-to-business functions within an e-
    Business;

  .
the complementary nature of each company's product offering as an
    extension of the offering of the other company;

  .
increased distribution channels for Kana's product through Broadbase's
    portfolio of partners;

  .
the expectation that the combined company would wield a stronger
    management team;

  .
increased distribution channels for Broadbase's products through Kana's
    base of customers;

  .  
increased product diversification and penetration of each company's
     customer base;

  .
a reduction in operating expense that would result from combining
    functionalities of Kana and Broadbase and eliminating redundancies;

  .  
Broadbase's leadership position in its market;

  .  similarities in corporate culture;

  .  
the opportunity for expanded research and development of the combined
     product offering, including potential new product offerings; and

  .  
an increase in the size of Kana's market.

   
Kana's board reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the merger,
including, but not limited to, the following:

  .  
information concerning Broadbase's business, financial performance and
     condition, particularly its cash position, operations, technology and
     management;

  .
the timing of the interim financing;

  .  
the strength of Broadbase's management team;

  .  
information concerning the financial condition, results of operations
     and businesses of Kana and Broadbase before and after giving effect to
     the merger;

  .  
current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to Kana common stock and
     Broadbase common stock;

  .  
the consideration Kana will issue in the merger in light of comparable
     merger transactions;

  .  
the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements
     are reasonable;

  .  
the impact of the merger on the customers and employees of Kana and the
     combined company;

  .  
Kana's management's view as to the integration of Broadbase;

  .  
results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Kana's
     management, accountants, financial advisors and legal counsel;

  .  
the percentage ownership of the combined company of Kana's stockholders;

  .  
possible alternative means of achieving the anticipated benefits of the
     merger, including the possibility of a combination with other companies
     and possible strategic alliances that would not involve a combination;

  .  
the restrictions posed by the non-solicitation, stockholder vote and
     termination provisions of the merger agreement and the effect that these
     provisions might have on Kana's ability to respond to a superior offer
     from a third party and directors' ability to discharge their fiduciary
     duties;

  .
advice of Kana's outside legal counsel, on the proposed terms of the
    merger agreement.

  .  
the terms of the stock option agreement and the distribution and license
     agreement and Kana's evaluation of the likelihood that another company
     would propose an alternative transaction even in the absence of these
     agreements; and

  .  
the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs & Co., and its opinion (the full
     text of which is attached as Appendix VIII to this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus) to the effect that, as of April 9, 2001, and
     subject to a number of qualifications, assumptions and limitations set
     forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger agreement was
     fair from a financial point of view to Kana.

   
Kana's board also considered the terms of the merger agreement regarding
Kana's rights and limits on its ability to consider and negotiate other
strategic transaction proposals, as well as the possible effects of the
provisions regarding termination fees, the loan agreement, the distribution and
license agreement and the stock option agreement.
In addition, it was noted to
Kana's board that the merger is expected to be a tax-free transaction and
accounted for as a purchase.

   
The Kana board also identified and considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger including the
following:

  .  
the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

  .  
the risk that the merger may not be consummated, notwithstanding the
     voting agreements obtained from holders representing beneficial
     ownership (including shares issuable upon the exercise of options or
     exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001) of approximately 11.7% of
     Broadbase's common stock and holders of 20.5% of Kana's common stock as
     of April 9, 2001;

  .  
the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the
     merger, including the risk that despite the efforts of the combined
     company, key technical, sales and management personnel might not remain
     employed by the combined company;

  .  
the risk that Broadbase and Kana would not be able to integrate their
     respective products, technology and organizations;

  .  
the anticipated impact of the merger on Kana's customers, strategic
     partners and employees and their expected reaction to the announcement
     of the merger;

  .  
the potential effect of the license agreement and the termination fee
     and the stock option agreement negotiated by Kana in deterring other
     potential acquirors from proposing an alternative transaction that might
     be more advantageous to Kana stockholders;

  .  
the risk that if the merger is not completed, Kana would have borrowed
     substantial sums from Broadbase, implemented significant reductions in
     its workforce, incurred other significant costs in contemplation of the
     merger, granted an option to purchase a substantial amount of its
     capital stock to a competitor, and granted a worldwide five year license
     to all of its intellectual property to Broadbase at a favorable price,
     and that these actions could weaken it as an independent company if the
     merger were not completed; and

  .  
other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus under "Risk Factors.
"

Kana's board concluded, however, that some of these risks were unlikely to
occur, that others could be mitigated, and on balance, the merger's potential
benefits to Kana and its stockholders outweighed the associated risks.
The
discussion of the information and factors considered by Kana's board is not
intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, Kana's board did not find it
practicable to, and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to,
the specific factors considered in reaching its determination.

   
FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, KANA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS DETERMINED
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER TO BE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF
KANA AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS.
IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER, KANA'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT KANA STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE
OF SHARES OF KANA COMMON STOCK AS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.


Opinion of Kana's Financial Advisor

   On April 8, 2001, Goldman Sachs delivered its oral opinion to the board of
directors of Kana that, as of such date, the exchange ratio was fair from a
financial point of view to Kana.
Goldman Sachs subsequently confirmed its oral
opinion by delivery of its written opinion dated April 9, 2001.

   
The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated April 9, 2001,
which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Appendix VIII.

Goldman Sachs provided its opinion for the information and assistance of Kana's
board of directors in connection with its consideration of the merger.
The
Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any holder of Kana
common stock should vote with respect to the merger.
We urge you to read the
opinion in its entirety.

   
In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:

  .  
the merger agreement;

  .  
the registration statements on Form S-1 of Kana and Broadbase relating
     to the initial public offering of the Kana common stock and the
     Broadbase common stock, respectively;

  .  
Annual reports to stockholders and annual reports on Form 10-K of Kana
     and Broadbase for the two years ended December 31, 2000;

  .  
certain interim reports to stockholders and quarterly reports on form
     10-Q of Kana and Broadbase;

  .  
certain other communications from Kana and Broadbase to their respective
     stockholders; and

  .  
certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for Kana and Broadbase
     prepared by their respective managements, including certain cost savings
     and operating synergies projected by the managements of Kana and
     Broadbase to result from the merger.

   
Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior management of
Kana and Broadbase regarding their assessment of the strategic rationale for,
and the potential benefits of, the transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement and the past and current business operations, financial condition and
future prospects of their respective companies, including the current and
projected availability of cash for each of Kana and Broadbase.
In addition,
Goldman Sachs:

  .  reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Kana common
     stock and the Broadbase common stock;

  .  
compared certain financial and stock market information for Kana and
     Broadbase with similar information for certain other companies the
     securities of which are publicly traded;

  .  
reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in
     the software industry specifically and in other industries generally;
     and

  .  
performed such other studies and analyses as Goldman Sachs considered
     appropriate.

   
Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial, accounting and other information discussed with or reviewed by it
and assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering its
opinion.
In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed, with the consent of Kana's
board of directors, that the internal financial forecasts prepared by the
managements of Kana and Broadbase, including any synergies, were reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of Kana and Broadbase.
Goldman Sachs did not make an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities of Kana or Broadbase or
any of their respective subsidiaries and was not furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal.
The opinion of Goldman Sachs does not address the
relative merits of the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement as
compared to any alternative business transaction that might be, or might have
been, available to Kana.

   
The advisory services and opinion of Goldman Sachs were provided for the
information and assistance of the board of directors of Kana in connection with
its consideration of the merger, and the opinion does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any holder of Kana common stock should vote with
respect to the merger.

   
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by
Goldman Sachs in connection with providing its oral opinion to Kana's board of
directors on April 8, 2001.
Goldman Sachs utilized substantially the same type
of financial analyses in connection with providing the written opinion attached
hereto as Appendix VIII.
Some of the summaries of the financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format.
In order to more fully
understand the financial analyses used by Goldman Sachs, the tables must be
read together with the full text of each summary.
The tables alone are not a
complete description of Goldman Sachs' financial analyses.

   
(1) Exchange Ratio and Price Premium Analysis.
Goldman Sachs calculated (i)
the average ratio of the closing price of the Broadbase common stock to the
closing price of the Kana common stock for selected time periods ending on
April 6, 2001 and (ii) the implied premium being paid in the merger based on
the exchange ratio in the merger of 1.05 shares of Kana common stock for each
share of Broadbase common stock as compared to such historical average price
ratios.
Goldman Sachs also calculated (i) the average closing price of the
Broadbase common stock for selected time periods ending on April 6, 2001 and
(ii) the implied premium being paid in the merger based on the value of the
Kana common stock to be exchanged for each share of Broadbase common stock
(based on the exchange ratio in the merger and the closing price of the Kana
common stock on April 6, 2001) as compared to such historical average prices of
the Broadbase common stock.
The results of such analysis are set forth below:

                                            Average Closing Implied Premium
Over
       Period       Average Implied Premium      Price        Average Closing
     (ending on      Price   Over Average    of Broadbase    Price of Broadbase
   April 6, 2001)    Ratio  Price Ratio(1)   Common Stock     Common Stock(2)
   --------------   ------- --------------- ---------------
--------------------

    April 6, 2001   0.821x       27.8%           $0.72              27.8 %
   5 Trading Days   1.111x       (5.5)%          $1.11             (16.9)%
   10 Trading Days  1.131x       (7.2)%          $1.62             (43.2)%
   20 Trading Days  1.092x       (3.8)%          $1.92             (52.1)%
   30 Trading Days  1.079x       (2.6)%          $2.36             (61.1)%
   60 Trading Days  0.982x        7.0 %          $3.90             (76.5)%
   90 Trading Days  0.852x       23.2%           $4.95             (81.5)%

- --------
(1) Based on the exchange ratio in the merger of 1.05.

(2) Based on the closing price of the Kana common stock on April 6, 2001 of
    $0.88 and the exchange ratio in the merger of 1.05.

   (2) Cash Position Analysis.
Goldman Sachs analyzed the amount of cash
currently held by each of Kana and Broadbase and the pro forma cash to be held
by the combined company, and calculated the amount of cash per fully-diluted
share outstanding for each of Kana, Broadbase and the combined company.
The
results of such analysis are set forth below.

                                                                        
Combined
                                                    Kana     Broadbase  Company
                                                    -----    ---------  
--------

     Cash (1) (2)..................................
$  20      $ 130     $  150
     Fully-Diluted Shares Outstanding (2)..........  94.7(3)    83.7(4)   183.3
     Cash Per Fully-Diluted Share.................. $0.21      $1.55     $ 0.82
     Cash Accretion Per Kana Share.................................         288%

- --------
(1) As of March 31, 2001.
Based on data provided by management of Kana and
    Broadbase.

(2) In millions.

(3) As of March 31, 2001.
Based on data provided by management of Kana.

(4) As of March 1, 2001.
Based on data provided by management of Broadbase.

   
In addition, for purposes of comparison with the pro forma cash per fully-
diluted share of the combined company, Goldman Sachs analyzed the cash per
fully-diluted Kana share that would result from a primary offering of Kana
common stock.
Goldman Sachs performed such analysis using various assumptions
with respect to the discount to Kana's April 6, 2001 closing share price at
which shares could be issued in such an offering.
For each scenario, Goldman
Sachs calculated (i) the amount of cash that could be raised in an offering in
which Kana's current stockholders retained a 51.7% ownership percentage in Kana
subsequent to the offering (51.7% is the estimated fully-diluted ownership
percentage of the Kana stockholders in the combined

company after the merger) and (ii) the post-offering cash per fully-diluted
Kana share.
The results of such analysis are set forth below.

       
Discount to Kana's         Additional Cash Raised              Post-Offering
         April 6, 2001              While Maintaining                Cash Per Fully-
          Share Price                51.7% Ownership                  Diluted Share
       ------------------         ----------------------             ---------------

              0.0 %                       $77.5(1)                        $0.53
             (10.0)%                      $69.8                           $0.49
             (20.0)%                      $62.0                           $0.45
             (30.0)%                      $54.3                           $0.41
             (40.0)%                      $46.5                           $0.36

       Cash Per Fully-Diluted Share Of Combined
        Company in Proposed Transaction...............                    $0.82

- --------
(1) In millions.

   
As summarized above, the pro forma cash per fully-diluted share of the
combined company in the merger significantly exceeds Kana's cash per fully-
diluted share on a stand-alone basis and under each of the primary offering
shares as summarized above.

   
(3) Selected Companies Analysis.
Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain
financial information, ratios and percentages for Kana and Broadbase with
corresponding financial information, ratios and percentages for the following
publicly traded companies in the software industry: (i) Art Technology Group,
Inc.; (ii) Aspect Communications Corporation; (iii) Blue Martini Software,
Inc.; (iv) BroadVision, Inc.; (v) E.piphany, Inc.; (vi) Intershop
Communications Aktiengesellschaft; (vii) Interwoven, Inc.; (viii) Onyx Software
Corporation; (ix) Pivotal Corporation; (x) Siebel Systems, Inc.; and (xi)
Vignette Corporation.
Goldman Sachs selected the aforementioned companies for
comparison because they are publicly traded companies in the software industry
with operations that for purposes of analysis may be considered similar, in
varying degrees, to the operations of Kana and Broadbase, respectively.

   
The ratios and percentages were calculated using the closing price per share
for Kana, Broadbase and each of the selected companies on April 6, 2001, the
most recent publicly available information, and in certain cases, estimates
provided by Institutional Brokers Estimate System ("IBES") and Wall Street
research.

   
Goldman Sachs' analysis of the selected companies compared the following to
the results for Kana and Broadbase:

  .
April 6, 2001 closing share price as a percentage of the 52-week high
    share price;

  .
equity market value as a multiple of estimated calendar year 2001 and
    2002 revenue;

  .
April 6, 2001 closing share price as a multiple of estimated calendar
    year 2001 and 2002 earnings per share;

  .
estimated five-year compound annual growth rate of earnings per share;
    and

  .
the ratio of the April 6, 2001 closing share price to the estimated
    calendar year 2001 and 2002 earnings per share, as a multiple of the
    estimated five-year compound annual growth rate of earnings per share.

   
The results of such analysis are summarized below.

                                      
Selected Companies
                                     -----------------------
                                     Low   High  Median Mean  Kana    Broadbase
                                     ----  
----  ------
----  ----    
---------

April 6, 2001 Closing Share Price
 as a Percentage of 52-Week High...   2.7% 24.5%   8.0%  8.8%  1.2%      1.8%
Equity Market Value as a Multiple
 of Revenue (1)(2)(3):
    2001...........................   
0.3x  5.5x   1.9x  1.8x  0.6x      0.8x
    2002(5)........................   
0.3x  3.9x   0.9x  1.2x   NA(8)     NA
April 6, 2001 Closing Share Price
 as a Multiple of Earnings Per
 Share(4)(3):
    2001(6)........................  
37.1x 53.6x  45.8x 45.6x   NM(9)     NM
    2002(7)........................  
20.4x 56.9x  29.7x 31.4x   NM        NM
5-Yr.
Compound Annual Growth Rate
 of Earnings Per Share (3)(4)(10)..  20.0% 53.5%  50.0% 46.5% 57.5%     50.0%
Price-Earnings Ratio as a Multiple
 of 5-Yr.
Compound Annual Growth
 Rate of Earnings Per Share(3)(4):
    2001 (11)......................   0.8x  1.1x   1.0x  1.0x   NM        NM
    2002 (12)......................   
0.4x  1.1x   0.6x  0.6x   NM        NM

- --------
 (1) Equity market capitalization based on fully diluted shares outstanding
     based on the treasury method.

 
(2) Revenue estimates for selected companies based on Wall Street research.
     
Revenue estimates for Kana and Broadbase based on data provided by
     management of Kana and Broadbase.

 
(3) Estimates have been calendarized for companies with non-December fiscal
     year-ends.

 
(4) Earnings per share based on IBES estimates.

 
(5)
For four of the selected companies, revenue data for 2002 was not
     available.

 
(6) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 below) for seven of the
     selected companies.

 
(7) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 below) for two of the
     selected companies.

 
(8) "NA" indicates that the requisite data was not available.

 
(9) "NM" indicates that data was not meaningful because the company at issue
     had a net loss for the period presented.


(10) Data was not available for one of the selected companies.


(11) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 above) for seven of the
     selected companies.


(12) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 above) for two of the
     selected companies; data was not available for one of the selected
     companies.

   
(4) Selected Transactions Analysis.
For selected recent business combination
transactions involving high-technology companies, Goldman Sachs analyzed (i)
the implied ownership percentage of the combined company of the stockholders of
the acquiror and the target, respectively, (ii) the representation of the
acquiror and the target on the board of directors of the combined company and
(iii) the premium paid based on the closing stock prices of the acquiror and
the target one day prior to announcement of the transaction and the exchange
ratio in such transaction.
The selected transactions were nine business
combination transactions involving high-technology companies announced since
January 1999.
The results of such analysis are summarized below.

                                                                    
Proposed
                                             High Low     Median Transaction (1)
                                             ---- ---     ------
---------------

Acquiror Implied Ownership Percentage.......  83% 50%        61%     52.3%(2)
                                                                     51.7%(3)
Acquiror Board Representation (4) ..........  89% 31%(5)     67%       40%(6)
One-Day Premium (7).........................  68%  2%      28.5%     27.8%(8)

- --------
(1) Kana is considered the acquiror in the proposed transaction for purposes of
    this analysis.


(2) Basic.


(3) Fully-diluted.


(4) Board representation information was not available for one of the selected
    transactions.


(5)
In one of the selected transactions, four board members were designated by
    each of acquiror and target (31% each); three additional board members were
    selected by acquiror and target jointly; and two additional board members
    were selected by a stockholder of target.


(6) Two board members will be designated by each of Kana and Broadbase, and one
    board member will be designated jointly.


(7) One-day premium is not applicable for one of the selected transactions
    because the target was a private company prior to the transaction.


(8) Based on closing prices of the Kana common stock and the Broadbase common
    stock on April 6, 2001.

   
In addition, for each of the selected transactions, Goldman Sachs analyzed
the selection of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and name of
the combined company.
Such analysis indicated that (i) the chairman was
designated by the acquiror in seven of the selected transactions and by the
target in one of the selected transactions (in one of the selected
transactions, the chairman was designated jointly), (ii) the chief executive
officer was designated by the acquiror in six of the selected transactions and
by the target in two of the selected transactions (in one of the selected
transactions, the chief executive officer was an outsider) and (iii) the
combined company retained the name of the acquiror in six of the selected
transactions (the combined company adopted the name of the target, a new name,
and a combination of the names of the acquiror and target, respectively, in the
other selected transactions).

   (5) Contribution Analysis.
Goldman Sachs reviewed certain historical and
estimated future operating and financial information for Kana, Broadbase and
the pro forma combined company, and calculated the respective contributions
each of Kana and Broadbase would have made to the combined company based on
such operating and financial information for purposes of comparison with the
relative equity interests of the stockholders of Kana and Broadbase in the
combined company after the merger.
Goldman Sachs performed such analysis with
respect to revenues and gross profit for 2000 and 2001 and current cash
balance.
The analysis did not take into account any synergies that may result
from the merger.
The results of such analysis are set forth below.

                                                         
Kana      Broadbase
                                                     Contribution Contribution
                                                     to Combined  to Combined
                                                       Company      Company
                                                     ------------ ------------

Revenues(1)
  2000 (actual)(2)..................................    
73.3%        26.7%
  1st Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    66.0%        34.0%
  2nd Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    
63.7%        36.3%
  3rd Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    
61.5%        38.5%
  4th Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    
63.6%        36.4%
  2001 (estimated)..................................    
63.5%        36.5%
Gross Profit(1)
  2000 (actual)(2)..................................    
71.2%        28.8%
  2001 (estimated)..................................    62.8%        37.2%
Cash Balance (Current)(1)...........................    
13.3%        86.7%

Pro Forma Ownership of Combined Company in Proposed
Transaction                                              Kana      Broadbase
- ---------------------------------------------------  ------------
------------

  Basic ............................................    52.3%        47.7%
  Fully-Diluted.....................................    51.7%        48.3%

- --------
(1) Based on data and estimates provided by management of Kana and Broadbase.

(2) 2000 revenues and gross profit for Kana are pro forma for the Silknet
    acquisition.
2000 revenues and gross profit for Broadbase exclude
    Servicesoft.

   
(6) Historical Stock Price Performance Analysis.
Goldman Sachs reviewed the
indexed historical trading prices for the Kana common stock and the Broadbase
common stock for the period from September 21, 1999 (the date of the initial
public offering of shares of common stock of each of Kana and Broadbase) to
April 6, 2001.
In addition, Goldman Sachs compared the price changes in the
Kana common stock and the Broadbase common stock during such period to the
changes in (i) an index of 51 software companies (the Goldman Sachs Software
Index) and (ii) the Nasdaq 500 index.

   
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs' opinion.
In arriving at its fairness determination,
Goldman Sachs considered the results of all such analyses.
No company or
transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable
to Kana or Broadbase or the contemplated transaction.

   
The analyses were prepared solely for purposes of Goldman Sachs' providing
its opinion to the Kana board of directors as to the fairness from a financial
point of view to Kana of the exchange ratio in the merger.
These analyses do
not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which
businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Analyses based upon forecasts of
future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses.

Because such analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon
numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their
respective advisors, none of Kana, Broadbase, Goldman Sachs or any other person
assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those
forecast.

   
As described above, Goldman Sachs' opinion to the board of directors of Kana
was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Kana board of directors
in making its determination to approve the merger agreement.
The foregoing
summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed
by Goldman Sachs.

   
Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is continually
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
Goldman Sachs is
familiar with Kana, having provided certain investment banking and financial
advisory services to Kana from time to time, including having acted as lead
managing underwriter of Kana's initial public offering of 3,300,000 shares of
Kana common stock in September 1999, as financial advisor to Kana in connection
with its acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. in April 2000, as agent for Kana
on its private placement of 2,500,000 shares of Kana common stock in June 2000
and as Kana's financial advisor in connection with, and having participated in
certain of the negotiations leading to, the merger agreement.
Goldman Sachs has
also provided certain investment banking services to Broadbase from time to
time, including having acted as lead managing underwriter of its public
offering of 3,450,000 shares of Broadbase common stock in February 2000.
Kana
selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is a nationally
recognized investment banking firm that has substantial experience in
transactions similar to the merger.

   
Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial advisory and securities
services and, in the course of its normal trading activities, may from time to
time effect transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities,
of Kana or Broadbase for its own account and for the accounts of customers.

   
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated March 7, 2001, Kana engaged Goldman
Sachs to act as its financial advisor in connection with a possible merger or
consolidation between Kana and a third party or a possible sale of all or a
portion of Kana to a third party.
Pursuant to the terms of the letter
agreement, Kana has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a customary fee upon
consummation of the merger.
Kana also has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for
its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys' fees, and to
indemnify Goldman Sachs against certain liabilities, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws.


Broadbase's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Broadbase's Board of
Directors

   Broadbase's Reasons For The Merger.
At the meeting of Broadbase's board of
directors on April 8, 2001, the board voted unanimously to enter into the
merger agreement.
The board of directors of Broadbase unanimously concluded
that the merger agreement and merger are fair to and in the best interests of
Broadbase and its stockholders, and determined to recommend that the
stockholders of Broadbase vote to approve the merger and adopt the merger
agreement.
This decision was based upon several potential benefits of the
merger that, when taken as a whole, Broadbase's board believes will contribute
to the success of the combined company compared to Broadbase continuing to
operate as an independent business.
These potential benefits include:

  .  
the complementary nature of the technologies, products and services of
     Broadbase and Kana and the opportunity to provide an integrated product
     that addresses a much wider range of customer requirements for contact
     center, communications, knowledge management, marketing and analytics
     applications than either company could provide alone, increasing the
     value that can be provided to customers;

  .  
the large customer base of the combined company and the potential for
     significant cross-selling and up-selling opportunities;

  .  
the potential for the merger to increase the ability of each company to
     achieve profitability sooner than if it had remained independent, as a
     result of a stronger product offering, sales and distribution synergies
     and cross-selling opportunities, the opportunity to leverage the
     recurring maintenance revenues of the combined company and the
     opportunity to reduce overhead and other costs;

  .  
the opportunity to enhance relationships with systems integrators,
     technology partners and other strategic partners and to attract new
     partners;

  .  
the opportunity to increase the competitive position of the combined
     company by offering a broad, integrated product suite to a large
     customer base and by combining the technology, sales and management
     resources of Kana and Broadbase;

   In its evaluation of the merger, the board of Broadbase reviewed several
factors, including:

  .  
historical information and the views of Broadbase's management and
     financial advisers concerning the strengths and weaknesses of Broadbase
     and Kana and the key attributes and opportunities of the combined
     company in terms of, among other things, products, sales, customers,
     management, and financial and competitive position;

  .  
Broadbase's management's view of the financial condition, results of
     operations and businesses of Broadbase and Kana before and after giving
     effect to the merger, including the anticipated impact of the merger and
     the companies' anticipated headcount reductions;

  .  
the percentage ownership of the combined company of Broadbase's
     stockholders;

  .  
the substantial charges and costs to be incurred in connection with the
     merger, including costs of integrating the businesses and transaction
     expenses arising from the merger;

  .  
the prospects of Broadbase, independent of Kana, including risks and
     potential rewards associated with remaining independent in the face of
     industry-wide consolidation;

  .  
the nature of the e-business software industry in which Broadbase
     operates and the belief of Broadbase's board of directors that greater
     size and resources are increasingly required for companies to
     successfully compete in this industry;

  .  
possible alternative means of achieving the anticipated benefits of the
     merger, including the possibility of a combination with other companies
     and possible strategic alliances that would not involve a combination,
     and internal development of new products and services, as well as the
     feasibility of these alternatives, their potential timing and resource
     requirements;

  .
current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
    volatility and trading information with respect to Broadbase's common
    stock;

  .
the opinion of Morgan Stanley dated April 8, 2001 that, subject to and
    based on the considerations described in its opinion, the exchange ratio
    set forth in the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
    to holders of Broadbase common stock, and the related financial analysis;
    and

  .
reports from Broadbase's management and advisors as to the results of
    their due diligence investigations of Kana.

   
Broadbase's board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the following:

  .
the risk that the potential benefits of the merger, including expected
    synergies and cost savings, may not be realized;

  .
the need to achieve significant cost reductions in order for the combined
    company to realize the potential benefits of the merger and to become
    profitable;

  .
the reduction of Broadbase's cash balances as a result of loans to Kana
    under the revolving loan agreement;

  .  
the uncertain current and prospective market environment for Broadbase's
     and Kana's products and services;

  .
the risk that Broadbase and Kana would not be able to integrate their
    respective products, technology and organizations;

  .
the risk that if the merger is not completed, Broadbase would have made
    loans to Kana, and would have incurred other significant costs and taken
    other actions in contemplation of the merger, and that these actions
    could weaken it as an independent company if the merger were not
    completed;

  .
risks related to Kana's existing relationships with its distribution
    partners and difficulties experienced by Kana in collecting payments from
    certain customers;

  .
the risk that the merger could adversely affect Broadbase's or Kana's
    relationships with current and potential customers, distribution partners
    and other strategic partners;

  .
the potential effect of the distribution and license agreement, the non-
    solicitation covenants, the termination fee and the stock option
    agreement negotiated by Kana in deterring other potential acquirors from
    proposing an alternative transaction that might be more advantageous to
    Broadbase stockholders; and

  .
the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus under the heading "Risk Factors.
"

   In addition, Broadbase's board of directors considered the interests that
its officers and directors may have with respect to the merger in addition to
their interests as Broadbase stockholders.
See "Interests of Broadbase's Board
of Directors and Broadbase's Reasons for the Merger" on page 72 for a more
complete discussion of these interests.

   
Broadbase's board of directors concluded that, on balance, the potential
benefits to Broadbase and its stockholders of the merger outweighed the risks
associated with the merger.
The discussion of the information and factors
considered by Broadbase's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.

In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation
of the merger, Broadbase's board of directors did not find it practicable to,
and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific
factors considered in reaching its determination.

   
Recommendation of Broadbase's Board of Directors.
After careful
consideration, Broadbase's board of directors has unanimously determined that
the terms of the merger are fair to and in the best interests of Broadbase and
its stockholders and recommends to its stockholders that they vote in favor of
the proposal to approve and adopt the merger and the merger agreement.


Opinion of Broadbase's Financial Advisor

   Under an engagement letter dated April 5, 2001, Broadbase retained Morgan
Stanley to provide it with financial advisory services and a financial fairness
opinion in connection with the merger.
Broadbase's Board of Directors selected
Morgan Stanley to act as its financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's
qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the business and
affairs of Broadbase.
At the meeting of the Broadbase Board of Directors on
April 8, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed
in writing, that as of April 8, 2001, based upon and subject to the various
considerations set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to holders of shares
of Broadbase common stock.

   
The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated as of April 8,
2001, is attached as Appendix IX to this document.
The opinion sets forth,
among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan
Stanley in rendering its opinion.
We urge you to read the entire opinion
carefully.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to Broadbase's Board of
Directors and addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view of the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement to holders of shares of
Broadbase common stock as of the date of the opinion.
It does not address any
other aspects of the

merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Broadbase
common stock as to how to vote at the Broadbase special meeting to be held in
connection with the merger.
The summary of the opinion of Morgan Stanley set
forth in this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the opinion.

   
In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

  . reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
    information of Broadbase and Kana, respectively;

  .
reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
    operating data concerning Broadbase and Kana, prepared by the managements
    of Broadbase and Kana, respectively;

  .
reviewed certain financial projections prepared by the managements of
    Broadbase and Kana;

  .
reviewed certain projections of the financial benefits including, cost
    savings, and costs anticipated prior to and resulting from the Merger
    prepared by the management of Broadbase and Kana;

  .
reviewed the pro forma impact of the Merger on certain financial and
    operating metrics, including the impact on cash balances, for the
    combined company;

  .
discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
    prospects of Broadbase and Kana, including financial projections prepared
    by the managements of Broadbase and Kana and information relating to
    certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from
    the Merger, with senior executives of Broadbase and Kana, respectively;

  .
reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the Broadbase
    Common Stock and Kana Common Stock;

  .
compared the financial performance of Broadbase and Kana and the prices
    and trading activity of the Broadbase Common Stock and Kana Common Stock
    with that of certain other publicly-traded companies comparable to
    Broadbase and Kana, respectively, and their securities;

  .
reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
    certain comparable merger transactions;

  .  
reviewed and discussed with the senior managements of Broadbase and Kana
     their strategic rationales for the merger;

  .
participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
    Broadbase, Kana and their financial and legal advisors;

  .
reviewed the draft merger agreement and certain related documents; and

  .
performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as Morgan
    Stanley deemed appropriate.

   
Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the information reviewed by it for the
purposes of its opinion.
With respect to the financial projections, including
certain projections and information relating to the strategic, financial and
operational costs and benefits anticipated prior to and resulting from the
merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgements of the future
financial performance of Broadbase and Kana, respectively.
In addition, Morgan
Stanley assumed that the merger will be consummated in accordance with the
terms set forth in the merger agreement and will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization pursuant to Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

   
Morgan Stanley relied upon the assessment by the managements of Broadbase
and Kana of their ability to retain key employees of Broadbase and Kana,
respectively.
Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment by the managements of Broadbase and Kana of: (i)
the strategic, financial and other costs and benefits expected to result from
the merger; (ii) the timing and risks associated

with the integration of Broadbase and Kana; and (iii) the validity of, and
risks associated with, Broadbase's and Kana's existing and future technologies,
services or business models.
Morgan Stanley did not make any independent
valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities or technology of Broadbase
and Kana, nor was Morgan Stanley furnished with any such appraisals.
Morgan
Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other
conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Morgan
Stanley as of April 8, 2001.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley was not authorized to solicit,
and did not solicit, interest from any party with respect to an acquisition,
business combination or other extraordinary transaction involving Broadbase.

Morgan Stanley was not asked to consider, and its opinion does not address, the
relative merits of the Merger as compared to any alternative strategies or
transactions that might exist for Broadbase or the effect of such strategies or
transactions.

   
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its
written opinion letter dated April 8, 2001.
Some of these summaries of
financial analyses include information presented in tabular format.
In order to
fully understand the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must
be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

   
On April 8, 2001, Broadbase and Kana entered into a merger agreement whereby
each holder of Broadbase common stock would receive 1.05 shares of Kana common
stock.
As a result, Broadbase's shareholders would own approximately 48% of the
combined company on a pro forma basis.

   
Exchange Ratio Premium Analysis.
Morgan Stanley reviewed the ratios of the
closing prices of Broadbase common stock divided by the corresponding closing
prices of Kana common stock over various periods ending April 6, 2001.
The
resulting ratios are referred to as average exchange ratios.
Morgan Stanley
examined the premiums represented by the exchange ratio of 1.05x set forth in
the merger agreement, referred to as the transaction exchange ratio, over the
averages of these average exchange ratios, and found them to be as follows:

                                                            Transaction Exchange
                                                                Ratio (1.05x)
                                                Average      Premium to Average
   Ending April 6, 2001                      Exchange Ratio    Exchange Ratio
   --------------------                      --------------
--------------------

   April 6, 2001............................     
0.821x              28 %
   Last 30 days.............................     
1.079x              (3)%
   Last 60 days.............................     
0.982x               7 %
   Last 90 days.............................     
0.852x              23 %
   Last twelve months.......................     0.649x              62 %

Morgan Stanley noted that the transaction exchange ratio was higher than the
exchange ratio as of April 6, 2001 and the average exchange ratio for the
periods ranging from 60 days through 12 months prior to the transaction.

Further, Morgan Stanley noted that the transaction exchange ratio was close to
the high-end of this trading range.

   
Relative Contribution Analysis.
Morgan Stanley compared Broadbase's and
Kana's stockholders' respective pro forma percentage ownership of the combined
company after the merger to Broadbase's and Kana's percentage contribution of
revenues and gross profit to the combined company based on 2000 actual results
and 2001 management estimates of Broadbase and Kana, respectively.

                                                                 
% Contribution
                                                                       by
                                                                 --------------
   Financial Statistic                                           Broadbase Kana
   -------------------                                           ---------
----

   Revenue
   Calendar Year 2000 Actual....................................   34.8%   65.2%
   Calendar Year 2001 Estimated.................................   36.8    63.2

   Gross Profit
   Calendar Year 2000 Actual....................................   36.5    63.5
   Calendar Year 2001 Estimated.................................   39.9    60.1

   Morgan Stanley noted that based on the exchange ratio of 1.05x set forth in
the merger agreement, holders of shares of Broadbase common stock would own
approximately 48% of the combined company on a pro forma basis.
Morgan Stanley
also noted that the 48% pro forma ownership position of holders of shares of
Broadbase common stock was higher than the percentage contribution to the
combined company by Broadbase of revenues and gross profits for the periods
under consideration.
However, Morgan Stanley also noted that Kana's percentage
contribution to the net loss of the pro forma company was greater than that of
Broadbase.

   
Analysis of Stock Price Premiums Paid in Comparable Transactions.
Morgan
Stanley compared publicly available statistics for comparable mergers of equals
transactions of 14 public transactions between January 1997 to April 8, 2001,
where the target company's ownership of the newly formed entity exceeded 40%.

Morgan Stanley reviewed the premiums to the preceding 1-day, 30-day and 90-day
average exchange ratios prior to announcement for each of these transactions.

   
Based on these analyses, Morgan Stanley applied the following comparable
transactions' exchange ratio premiums to the historical relative trading
performance of Broadbase common stock to Kana common stock:

                                                     Comparable       Implied
                                                   Transactions'     Value Per
   Trading Performance Statistic                 Premium/(Discount)    
Share
   -----------------------------                 ------------------
-----------

   Broadbase
   Premium to Price on April 6, 2001............      
(1)%- 8%      $0.71-$0.78
   Premium to 30-day Average Exchange Ratio.....      (1)%- 5%      $0.93-$0.99
   Premium to 90-day Average Exchange Ratio.....       
0 %-10%      $0.75-$0.82

   Based on the exchange ratios paid in comparable transactions analysis,
Morgan Stanley estimated a range of $0.70-$1.00 per share of Broadbase and
noted that the implied transaction value per share (based on the exchange ratio
of 1.05x set forth in the merger agreement) of $0.92 per share which was close
to the high end of implied value per share range for comparable transactions.

   
No company or transaction utilized in the analysis of stock price premiums
paid in comparable transactions is identical to Broadbase or Kana or the
merger.
In evaluating the precedent acquisition transactions, Morgan Stanley
made judgments and assumptions with regard to general business, market and
financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of
Broadbase and Kana, such as the impact of competition on the business of
Broadbase, Kana, or the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of
any adverse material change in financial condition of Broadbase, Kana or the
industry or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public
trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the transactions to
which they are being compared.

   Comparable Companies Analysis.
Morgan Stanley compared certain financial
information of Broadbase and Kana with publicly available information for
companies that were comparable to Broadbase and Kana.
The

companies analyzed by Morgan Stanley included E.piphany Inc., eGain
Communications Corp., and Primus Knowledge Solutions Inc., (the "eCRM
Companies"), Critical Path Inc., Navisite Inc., Lante Corp., Calico Commerce
Inc., and Concur Technologies Inc. (the "Distressed Companies"), Vignette
Corp., Broadvision Inc., Art Technology Group Inc., and Blue Martini Software
(the "E-Commerce CRM Companies") and Oracle Corp., SAP AG, Siebel Systems Inc.,
BEA Systems Inc., and i2 Technologies Inc., (the "Large Cap CRM Companies"),
together referred to as the comparable companies.

   
For purposes of this analysis, Morgan Stanley analyzed the following
statistics:

  .
the ratio of aggregate value, defined as market capitalization plus total
    debt less cash and cash equivalents to estimated calendar year 2002
    revenues (based on management estimates)

  .
the ratio of market capitalization to cash and cash equivalents (based on
    the latest public information)

   
The following table presents, as of April 6, 2001, the statistics of the
comparable companies Morgan Stanley analyzed.

                                               
Aggregate Value to     Market
                                               Calendar Year 2002 Capitalization
   Company                                     Estimated Revenues    to Cash
   -------                                     ------------------
--------------

   Broadbase..................................        
N.M.              0.5
   Kana.......................................         0.4              4.0

   ECRM
   E.piphany..................................         0.6              1.4
   EGain Communications.......................        
N.M.              0.9
   Primus Knowledge Solutions.................         0.1              1.2

   Distressed Companies
   Critical Path..............................         0.3              0.4
   Navisite...................................         0.4              0.9
   Lante......................................        N.M.              0.6
   Calico Commerce............................        N.M.              0.3
   Concur Technologies........................        N.M.              0.2

   E-Commerce CRM
   Vignette...................................         0.9              2.2
   BroadVision................................         1.9              3.6
   Art Technology.............................         1.0              2.6
   Blue Martini Software......................         0.2              1.3

   Large Cap CRM
   Oracle.....................................         5.3             14.9
   SAP........................................         4.6             30.6
   Siebel Systems.............................         4.2             12.9
   BEA Systems................................        11.9             12.8
   I2 Technologies............................         3.6              8.7

   In conducting its analysis, Morgan Stanley applied the selected financial
multiples of the comparable companies to the management estimates of various
financial statistics of Broadbase and Kana.
Morgan Stanley then estimated the
implied value per share of Broadbase and Kana as of April 6, 2001.
Morgan
Stanley estimated the following:

                                                                       Implied
                                                       Calendar Year  Value Per
   Financial Statistic                                   Multiple       Share
   -------------------                                 -------------
-----------

   Broadbase
   Cash...............................................   
0.3x-1.4x   $0.48-$2.16
   Calendar Year 2002E Revenue........................   0.5x-1.0x   $2.14-$2.74

   Kana
   Cash...............................................   
0.3x-1.4x   $0.07-$0.30
   Calendar Year 2002E Revenue........................   0.5x-1.0x   $1.15-$2.10

   Based on the comparable companies analysis, Morgan Stanley estimated a range
of prices per share of $0.50-$2.00 for Broadbase and a range of prices per
share of $0.50-$2.00 for Kana.
Morgan Stanley noted that the value of each Kana
share was on the low end of the range for the comparable companies that were
comparable to Kana.

   
No company utilized in the comparable companies analysis is identical to
Broadbase or Kana.
In evaluating the comparable companies, Morgan Stanley made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Broadbase and Kana, such as the impact of
competition on the businesses of Broadbase and Kana and the industry generally,
industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in the financial
condition and prospects of Broadbase and Kana or the industry or in the
financial markets in general.
Mathematical analysis (such as determining the
average or median) is not in itself a meaningful method of using peer group
data.

   
Discounted Equity Value Analysis.
Morgan Stanley performed discounted future
equity value analyses to estimate the present value per share of Broadbase and
Kana.
The projections of financial performance were based on management
estimates.

                                               
Calendar              Implied
                                                 Year     Discount  Value Per
   Financial Statistic                         Multiple     Rate      Share
   -------------------                        ----------- --------
------------

   Broadbase
   Calendar Year 2003E Revenue...............
20.0x-40.0x   25.0%  $0.70-$ 6.96
   Kana
   Calendar Year 2003E Revenue...............
20.0x-40.0x   25.0%  $1.06-$10.61

   Morgan Stanley also performed a pro forma discounted future equity value
analysis to estimate the present value per share of Kana stock for each
Broadbase share after the merger, based on management estimates.

                                                          
Pro Forma
                                                           Implied
                                     Calendar             Value Per  Premium to
                                       Year     Discount  Broadbase  Broadbase
   Financial Statistic               Multiple     Rate      Share    Standalone
   -------------------              -----------
-------- -----------
----------

   Pro Forma
   Calendar Year 2003E Revenue.....
20.0x-40.0x   25.0%  $1.49-$8.93  28%-114%

   Morgan Stanley noted that the pro forma implied value per Broadbase share
was higher than the implied value per share of Broadbase, with the premium
ranging from 28% to 114%.
Further, Morgan Stanley also noted that low end of
the pro forma implied value per Broadbase share was higher than Broadbase's
market price on April 6, 2001 ($0.72/share).

   
In connection with the review of the merger by Broadbase's board of
directors, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial
analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley
considered the results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute
any particular weight to any analysis or factor it considered.
Morgan Stanley
believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all
analyses as a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying
its analyses and opinion.
In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various
analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and
may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other
assumptions.
As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's
view of the actual value of Broadbase or Kana.
In performing its analyses,
Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters.
Many of these
assumptions are beyond the control of Broadbase or Kana.
Any estimates
contained in Morgan Stanley's analyses are not necessarily indicative of future
results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than those suggested by such estimates.

   
Morgan Stanley conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its
analysis of the fairness of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement
from a financial point of view to holders of shares of Broadbase common stock
and in connection with the delivery of its opinion to Broadbase's board of
directors.
These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which shares of common stock of Broadbase or Kana might actually
trade.

   
The exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was determined through
arm's length negotiations between Broadbase and Kana and was approved by
Broadbase's board of directors.
Morgan Stanley provided advice to Broadbase
during these negotiations.
Morgan Stanley did not however, recommend any
specific exchange ratio to Broadbase or that any specific exchange ratio
constituted the only appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

   
In addition, Morgan Stanley's opinion and its presentation to Broadbase's
board of directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by
Broadbase's board of directors in deciding to approve the merger.
Consequently,
the analyses as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the
opinion of Broadbase's Board of Directors with respect to the exchange ratio or
of whether Broadbase's Board of Directors would have been willing to agree to a
different exchange ratio.

   
Broadbase's board of directors retained Morgan Stanley based upon Morgan
Stanley's qualifications, experience and expertise.
Morgan Stanley is an
internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm.
Morgan
Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate, estate and other purposes.
In the
past, Morgan Stanley has provided financial advisory services for Broadbase and
has received fees for rendering these services.
In the ordinary course of
business, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may from time to time trade in the
securities or indebtedness of Broadbase or Kana for its own account, the
accounts of investment funds and other clients under the management of Morgan
Stanley and for the account of customers and, accordingly, may hold long or
short positions in these securities or indebtedness.

   
Under the engagement letter, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory
services in connection with the merger, and Broadbase agreed to pay Morgan
Stanley a fee for providing financial advisory services in connection with the
merger.
Broadbase has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its expenses
incurred in performing its services.
In addition, Broadbase has agreed to
indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors,
officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan
Stanley or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or
arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement.


Interests of Broadbase's Management in the Merger and Potential Conflicts of
Interest

   Upon consummation of the merger, it is anticipated that the directors and
officers of Broadbase and their affiliates will beneficially own approximately
5.7% of the then outstanding shares of Kana common stock.
Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
The following are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding
for purposes of calculating the number of shares an the percentage beneficially
owned by that person or entity:

  .
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options which may be
    exercised within 60 days after April 9, 2001, or currently exercisable
    options; and

  .
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants which may
    be exercised within 60 days after April 9, 2001, or currently exercisable
    warrants.

   
However, these shares are not deemed to be beneficially owned and
outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned by any
other person or entity.

   
Robert Davoli and Kevin Harvey, each non-employee members of Broadbase's
board of directors, hold outstanding options to purchase 20,000 and 40,000
shares of Broadbase common stock, respectively.
These options are fully vested
and immediately exercisable.
In addition, Mr. Davoli owns 36,010 shares of
Broadbase common stock issued pursuant to a restricted stock purchase agreement
under which Broadbase may repurchase any shares that have not vested.
According
to the terms of Mr. Davoli's restricted stock purchase agreement, Broadbase's
right of repurchase will lapse as to all of Mr. Davoli's shares upon the
closing of the merger.

   
One employee member of Broadbase's board of directors, Massood Zarrabian, is
entitled to certain benefits if he is terminated without cause or effectively
terminated prior to December 19, 2002.
Currently, he holds an option to
purchase 619,372 shares of Broadbase common stock that will become fully
exercisable as to all of the remaining, unvested portions upon the occurrence
of either such event.
Mr. Zarrabian also holds options to purchase an
additional 259,272 shares of Broadbase common stock that shall become fully
exercisable as to 50% of the remaining, unvested portions upon the occurrence
of either such event.
Finally, upon the occurrence of either such event, Mr.
Zarrabian is also entitled to one year of salary, plus bonuses, payable in lump
sum.

   
In addition, certain executive officers of Broadbase, including Chuck Bay,
Thomas Doyle, Brian Kelly, David Milam, and Eric Willgohs, have employment
agreements under which they will be entitled to 50% accelerated vesting as to
their outstanding, unvested options, including the Broadbase options assumed by
Kana in the merger, in the event they are not offered employment by Kana in a
comparable position and at a comparable salary.

   
On April 26, 2001, James C. Wood, Kana's chief executive officer, who is
expected to be chairman of Kana's board of directors following the merger, and
Nigel Donovan, Kana's chief operating officer, who is expected to become a vice
president of Kana following the merger, received options to purchase Kana
common stock.
Mr. Wood received an option to purchase 400,000 shares of Kana
common stock that will vest monthly from the grant date over the next 48 months
of his continued service to Kana, and Mr. Donovan received an option to
purchase 200,000 shares of Kana common stock that will vest monthly from the
grant date over the next 24 months of his continued service to Kana.
Both
options have an exercise price of $1.08.

   
For certain employees of Broadbase the acceleration of the vesting of
options upon the closing of the merger or the subsequent termination of
employment may, together with any severance payment, result in "excess
parachute payments" as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.

Excess parachute payments are not deductible in accordance with Section 280G.
As a result, Kana will not be entitled to a tax deduction for the amount
determined to be excess parachute payments.

   
Kana and Broadbase have agreed that Kana's board of directors shall upon
completion of the merger consist of two directors designated by Kana, two
directors designated by Broadbase and one independent director to be mutually
agreed to by Kana and Broadbase.

   
Kana and Broadbase have agreed that following the merger, Charles Bay,
president and chief executive officer of Broadbase, shall be elected and
appointed as president and chief executive officer of Kana, to serve until his
successor is duly elected and authorized.

   
Kana has agreed to indemnify present and former officers and directors of
Broadbase against costs or expenses, judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages
or liabilities arising out of or pertaining to matters relating to their
service as such an officer or director existing or occurring at or prior to the
effective time (including, without limitation, the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement) whether asserted or claimed prior to, or at the effective
time, to the fullest extent that Broadbase would have been permitted under
applicable law and its charter documents.
The merger agreement provides that
all rights to indemnification for present and former officers and directors of
Broadbase shall survive the merger and continue in full force and effect for a
period of not less that six years from the effective time.
Kana has also agreed
to maintain insurance for Broadbase's directors and officers equivalent to
Broadbase's current directors' and officers' liability insurance for not less
than six years after the effective time, subject to limitations.

   
David Beirne, one of Kana's directors, and Kevin Harvey, one of Broadbase's
directors, are both managing members of Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC,
which is the general partner of several Benchmark funds that collectively hold
a significant number of shares of both companies.
Entities affiliated with
Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC beneficially owned 6,927,511 shares of
Kana common stock, or 8.3% of its common stock as of February 28, 2001.

Entities affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC beneficially
owned 4,091,832 shares of Broadbase common stock, or approximately 5.0% of its
common stock as of March 1, 2001.

   
As a result of the foregoing, the directors and officers of Broadbase may be
more likely to approve the merger that Broadbase stockholders generally.


The Merger

   Arrow Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kana, will merge with and into Broadbase following:

  .
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger by the
    Broadbase stockholders;

  .
the approval of the issuance of Kana common stock in the merger and other
    related matters by the Kana stockholders; and

  .
the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions to the merger.
See the
    "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to Closing the Merger.
"

   Broadbase will be the surviving corporation and will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kana upon completion of the merger.


Closing of the Merger

   The merger will become effective when Kana and Broadbase file a certificate
of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
Kana and
Broadbase are working toward completing the merger as soon as possible and hope
to complete the merger by the summer of 2001.
Because the merger is subject to
a number of conditions, however, we cannot predict the exact timing.


Conversion of Broadbase Shares in the Merger

   At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of Broadbase
common stock will automatically be converted into the right to receive 1.05
shares of Kana common stock.
The number of shares of Kana common stock issuable
in the merger will be proportionately adjusted as appropriate for any stock
split, stock dividend or similar event with respect to Broadbase common stock
or Kana common stock effected between the date of the merger agreement and the
completion of the merger.


Broadbase Stock Options and Warrants

   Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each option to
purchase shares of Broadbase common stock under the Broadbase 1999 Equity Plan,
the Broadbase 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, the Broadbase 1996 Equity Incentive
Plan and the Broadbase 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan together with all
other options to purchase Broadbase common stock and warrants outstanding as of
the effective time will be assumed by Kana, regardless of whether the options
and warrants are then exercisable, and will be converted into options and
warrants, as the case may be, to purchase Kana common stock.
Each assumed
Broadbase stock option and warrant will constitute an option or warrant to
acquire, on the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the option or
warrant immediately prior to the effective time, that number of shares of Kana
common stock equal to the number of shares of Broadbase common stock
purchasable under such option or warrant multiplied by 1.05 (rounded down to
the nearest whole number), at a price per share equal to the aggregate exercise
price for the shares of Broadbase common stock purchasable under such Broadbase
stock option or warrant immediately prior to the effective time divided by the
number of full shares of Kana common stock deemed purchasable under such
Broadbase stock option or warrant in accordance with this description (rounded
upward to the nearest whole cent).

   
The parties intend for the Broadbase stock options assumed by Kana to
qualify as incentive stock options to the extent the stock options qualified as
incentive stock options prior to the effective time of the merger.


The Exchange Agent

   As of the effective time of the merger, Kana is required to deposit with a
bank or trust company certificates representing the shares of Kana common stock
to be exchanged for shares of Broadbase common stock and cash to pay for
fractional shares and any dividends or distributions that holders of Broadbase
common stock may be entitled to receive under the merger agreement.


Exchange of Broadbase Stock Certificates for Kana Stock Certificates

   Promptly after the effective time, the exchange agent will mail to Broadbase
stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering their
Broadbase stock certificates in exchange for Kana stock certificates.
Broadbase
stockholders should not submit their stock certificates for exchange until they
have received the letter of transmittal and instructions referred to above.


Transfer of Ownership; Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares

   Kana will issue a Kana stock certificate in the name registered for the
surrendered Broadbase stock certificate.
Kana will issue a stock certificate in
a name other than this only if the exchange agent is provided with documents
that:

  .
show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership; and

  .
show that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

   
Broadbase stockholders are not entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions on Kana common stock with a record date after the merger is
completed until they have surrendered their Broadbase stock certificates in
exchange for Kana stock certificates.

   
If there is any dividend or other distribution on Kana common stock with a
record date after the closing of the merger, former Broadbase stockholders will
receive, only following surrender of their Broadbase stock certificates, the
dividend or other distribution payable with respect to the whole shares of Kana
common stock issued in exchange for their Broadbase stock certificates.


Material Federal Income Tax Considerations

   Federal Income Tax Consequences to Broadbase Stockholders.
The following
discussion summarizes the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue
Code, the related Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, existing
administrative interpretations

and court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect.
This discussion assumes that Broadbase stockholders hold
their shares of Broadbase stock as capital assets within the meaning of section
1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.
This discussion does not address all aspects
of United States federal income taxation that may be important to you in light
of your particular circumstances or if you are subject to special rules.
These
special rules include rules relating to:

  .
stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United States;

  .
financial institutions;

  .
tax-exempt organizations;

  .
insurance companies;

  .
dealers in securities;

  .
stockholders who acquired their shares of Broadbase common stock through
    the exercise of options or similar derivative securities or otherwise as
    compensation; or

  .
stockholders who hold their shares of Broadbase common stock as part of a
    straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction.

   
The obligations of Kana and Broadbase to complete the merger are conditioned
on the delivery of an opinion to Kana from Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, and
to Broadbase from Fenwick & West LLP, to the effect that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code and that each of Kana and Broadbase will be a party to
the reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.

   
Kana and Broadbase believe, based on the advice of their respective counsel,
that the merger will have the United States federal income tax consequences
discussed below.
The opinions of counsel referred to above will assume the
absence of changes in existing facts and will rely on assumptions,
representations and covenants including those contained in certificates
executed by officers of Kana and Broadbase.
The opinions referred to above
neither bind the IRS nor preclude the IRS from adopting a position contrary to
that expressed in the opinions, and no assurance can be given that contrary
positions will not be successfully asserted by the IRS or adopted by a court if
the positions were litigated.
Neither company intends to obtain a ruling from
the IRS with respect to the tax consequences of the merger.

   
Assuming the merger does qualify as a reorganization, the merger will have
the following federal income tax consequences to the Broadbase stockholders,
subject to the limitations and qualifications referred to herein:

  .
You will not recognize gain or loss on the exchange of your Broadbase
    shares for shares of Kana common stock in the merger, except as discussed
    below with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares of Kana
    common stock.

  .
If you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share of Kana common stock,
    you will be treated as if you actually received such fractional share,
    and such share was subsequently redeemed by Kana.
You will recognize gain
    or loss with respect to the cash you receive in lieu of a fractional
    share measured by the difference between the amount of cash you receive
    and your tax basis in the fractional share.
Your gain or loss will be
    capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if you
    have held your Broadbase stock for more than one year as of the closing
    date of the merger.

  .
You must transfer the tax basis in your Broadbase shares to the Kana
    common stock (including fractional shares) you receive in the merger.
    
After any fractional shares are treated as redeemed, the aggregate tax
    basis in the Kana common stock you receive in the merger will equal the
    aggregate tax basis in the Broadbase shares you surrendered, reduced by
    any basis allocable to fractional shares in exchange for which you
    receive cash.

  .
The holding period for the Kana common stock you receive in the merger
    will include the period during which you held the Broadbase shares you
    exchanged for Kana common stock.

   
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, you will recognize gain to
the extent that you receive any shares of Kana common stock in exchange for
services or property other than solely Broadbase shares.
All or a portion of
such gain could be taxable as ordinary income.
You will also recognize gain to
the extent you are treated as receiving consideration other than Kana common
stock in exchange for Broadbase shares.

   
Federal Income Tax Consequences to Kana and Broadbase.
Kana, including the
merger subsidiary, and Broadbase will not recognize gain or loss as a result of
the merger.


Accounting Treatment

   Kana intends to account for the merger as a purchase for accounting and
financial reporting purposes, which means that Broadbase will be treated as a
separate entity for periods prior to the closing, and thereafter as a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Kana.


Stockholders' Dissenters' Rights

   Under Delaware law, neither Kana nor Broadbase stockholders are entitled to
dissenter's rights of appraisal in connection with the merger.


Listing of Kana Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

   The approval for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
Kana common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the consummation
of the merger.


Restrictions on Sale of Shares by Affiliates of Kana and Broadbase

   The shares of Kana common stock to be issued in connection with the merger
will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Kana common stock issued to any
person who is deemed to be an affiliate of either Kana or Broadbase at the time
of the stockholder meetings.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with either Kana or Broadbase and may include some of the officers,
directors, or principal stockholders of Kana or Broadbase.
Affiliates of
Broadbase and Kana may not sell their shares of Kana common stock acquired in
connection with the merger except pursuant to:

  .
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
    resale of those shares;

  .
applicable exemption under the Securities Act including, in the case of
    affiliates of Broadbase, Rule 145.

   
Kana's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of Kana
common stock to be received by affiliates of Broadbase and Kana in the merger.


Management Following the Merger

   Kana and Broadbase have agreed that following the merger, Chuck Bay,
president and chief executive officer of Broadbase, shall be elected and
appointed as president and chief executive officer of Kana, to serve until his
successor is duly elected and qualified.
James Wood, Kana's chief executive
officer, shall continue to serve as chairman of the board of directors of Kana
following the merger.


Operations Following the Merger

   Following the merger, Broadbase will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Kana.
Upon consummation of the merger, it is anticipated that the members of
Broadbase's board will be James Wood and Chuck Bay.
The stockholders of
Broadbase will become stockholders of Kana, and their rights as stockholders
will be governed by Kana's certificate of incorporation, Kana's bylaws and the
laws of the State of Delaware.
After the merger, Kana's board will consist of
two directors designated by Kana, two directors designated by Broadbase and one
independent director to be mutually agreed to by Kana and Broadbase.
The
directors designated by Kana are expected to be Robert Frick and James Wood.

The directors designated by Broadbase are expected to be Kevin Harvey and Chuck
Bay.
The independent director is expected to be Massood Zarrabian.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   This section of the document describes the merger agreement.
While we
believe that this description covers the material terms of the merger
agreement, this summary may not contain all of the information that is
important to you.
The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix I, and we urge you to carefully read this
document in its entirety.


Representations and Warranties

   Broadbase and Kana each made substantially similar representations and
warranties in the merger agreement regarding aspects of our respective
businesses, financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the
merger.
Each company made representations and warranties relating to the
following:

  .  
its corporate organization, good standing and qualification to do
     business;

  .  
its subsidiaries and ownership interests in other entities;

  .  
its and its subsidiaries', including the merger subsidiary in the case
     of Kana, certificates of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  
its capitalization;

  .  
its obligations with respect to its capital stock, including any
     registration rights, rights of first refusal or preemptive rights;

  .  
its authority to enter into the merger agreement and the lack of any
     conflicts with the contracts, instruments, obligations, permits,
     licenses, corporate authority documents and any laws, orders, rules or
     regulations applicable to it as a result thereof;

  .  
the consents, waivers and regulatory or other approvals that may be
     required to enter into the merger agreement and complete the merger;

  .  
the effect of the merger on its outstanding obligations

  .  
its filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

  .  
its financial statements and liabilities;

  .  
changes in its business since its most recent financial statements;

  .  
its taxes;

  .  
title to the properties it owns and leases;

  .  
its intellectual property, intellectual property that it uses and
     infringement of other intellectual property;

  .  
its compliance with applicable laws;

  .  
litigation involving it;

  .  
its employee benefit plans;

  .  
its hazardous material activities and environmental liabilities;

  .  
its agreements, contracts and commitments;

  .  
information supplied by it in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
     the related registration statement filed by Kana;

  .  
the fairness opinions received by it from its financial advisors;

  .  
brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

  .  
its insurance; and

  .  
any non-competition agreement or other agreement restricting any of its
     lines of businesses.

   
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and are not easily summarized.
We urge you to read the sections of the merger
agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company," and
"Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub" carefully.


Conduct of Each Company's Business Before the Closing of the Merger

   Broadbase and Kana have each agreed that until the earlier of the closing of
the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, or unless the other
consents in writing, each of them and their subsidiaries will carry on their
business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, pay its debts and taxes
when due and perform its other material obligations.
Each has also agreed to
use all reasonable efforts to preserve its relationships with customers,
suppliers, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business
dealings.
Each has also agreed to notify the other of any material event
involving its business.

   
Broadbase and Kana have also each agreed that until the earlier of the
closing of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, or unless
the other company consents in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) and as contemplated by the merger agreement, it and each
of its subsidiaries will conduct its business in compliance with specific
restrictions relating to the following:

  .  
waiving any stock repurchase rights, accelerating, amending or changing
     the period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or
     repricing of stock options granted under its stock plans;

  .  
granting any severance or termination pay except under written
     agreements then in effect or, subsequently entered into consistent with
     the restructuring plan approved by its board;

  .  
transferring or licensing intellectual property, other than non-
     exclusive licenses in the ordinary course of its business;

  .  
declaring or paying dividends or making other distributions with respect
     to its capital stock, or issue or authorize new securities;

  .  
purchasing or redeeming shares of its capital stock except repurchases
     of unvested shares at cost in connection with employee terminations;

  .  
issuing, pledging or otherwise encumbering securities other than grants
     of options to purchase no more shares of its common stock than are
     available under its authorized stock option pool (net of cancellations)
     with respect to newly hired employees or promotions of existing
     employees, or as a part of its annual option grant program, or as a
     retention grant in each case, in the ordinary course of business,
     consistent with past practice, or issuances of its common stock upon
     exercise of outstanding options on the date of the merger agreement, or
     issuances under its employee stock purchase plan or to participants in
     its 401(k) plan;

  .  
amending its charter and bylaws;

  .  
acquiring or agreeing to merge with or acquire the assets of, or making
     equity investments in, another entity or entering into material joint
     ventures or strategic relationships or alliances in a manner that would
     materially adversely affect it;

  .  
selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering or disposing of property or
     assets that are material to its business, other than with respect to
     non-exclusive licenses in the ordinary course of its business;

  .  
incurring or guaranteeing indebtedness except immaterial transactions in
     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or under
     existing credit facilities;

  .  
adopting or amending any employee benefit plan, entering into any
     employment contract (other than offer letters in the ordinary course of
     business, consistent with past practice) or increase the salary or wages
     of any employee or consultant, other than non-executive officers in the
     ordinary course of its business or consistent with the restructuring
     plan approved by its board;

  .  
making any material capital expenditures other than those consistent
     with the restructuring plan approved by its board;

  .  
modifying or terminating contracts or waiving, releasing or assigning
     any material rights under any contract in a manner that could reasonably
     be expected to materially adversely affect it;

  .  
entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
     licensing of its material intellectual property other than in the
     ordinary course of its business or in connection with the distribution
     and license agreement entered into in connection with the merger
     agreement;

  .  
initiating litigation, which if resolved adversely to it, would
     materially adversely effect it;

  .  
paying, settling or discharging a claim, liability, other than in the
     ordinary course of its business and where such action would not have
     material effects on it provided the settlement would not result in a
     material liability or payment; or

  .  
changing accounting practices or materially revaluing assets (except as
     required by generally accepted accounting principles).

   
Each party has also agreed to use all reasonable efforts to implement and
complete the restructuring plan adopted by the board of directors of each.
The
agreements related to the conduct of each company's business in the merger
agreement are complicated and not easily summarized.
We urge you to read the
section of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct Prior to the Effective Time"
carefully.

   
On or about April 12, 2001, Kana agreed to allow Broadbase to reprice all of
its outstanding options and in connection with this repricing, to increase the
size of its option reserve.
In addition, Kana was informed that Broadbase wrote
down approximately $958.2 million in goodwill.
Concurrently, Broadbase agreed
to allow Kana to pay severance to terminated employees, to allow other
associated severance arrangements, to grant additional options to continuing
employees and to allow Kana to issue warrants to a Kana customer.


Broadbase Stock Option Exchange Program

   On April 27, 2001, Broadbase commenced a stock option exchange program and
filed a tender offer statement on Schedule TO with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
Under this exchange program, Broadbase option holders have the
opportunity to exchange existing options for new options to purchase the same
number of shares covered by the existing options.
The per share exercise price
of the new options will be $0.92, which was the closing price of Broadbase's
common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market on April 11, 2001, the
date on which the Broadbase board approved this program.

   
To be eligible to participate in the exchange program, an option holder must
have been an employee, officer, director, consultant, independent contractor or
advisor of Broadbase or its subsidiaries as of April 11, 2001.
The Broadbase
board expects to grant the new options under Broadbase's 1999 Equity Incentive
Plan or its 2000 Stock Incentive Program.
Some of the key features of the new
options are:

  .
the new options will vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly
    increments beginning on April 11, 2001, except that if the new option
    replaces any existing option that is entirely unvested as of the grant
    date, the new option will begin to vest on April 11, 2001, but will not
    be exercisable until the first date that the corresponding existing
    option would have become exercisable (at which time, the new option will
    be exercisable as to any shares that vested monthly between April 11,
    2001 and the first date of exercisability);

  .
if the existing option was fully vested upon grant, the new options will
    also be fully vested upon grant;

  .
if the existing option has a provision for acceleration of some or all of
    the vesting of the shares upon a change in control of Broadbase or upon
    termination of employment, the new option will have the same provision
    for acceleration;

  .
the new option will expire ten years after the grant date, subject to
    earlier termination upon termination of employment;

  .
the new option will be a nonstatutory stock option; and

  .
the other terms and conditions of the new option will be substantially
    similar to those of the cancelled options.

   
Broadbase plans to hold the exchange period open for its option holders
until 9:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time on May 24, 2001, unless it extends this
period.
Broadbase will grant the new options promptly after this exchange
period expires.

   
As of April 26, 2001, there were options outstanding to purchase
approximately 24.6 million shares Broadbase common stock.
Of these, options to
purchase approximately 19.6 million shares of Broadbase common stock had an
exercise price greater than $0.92.
As of April 26, 2001, Broadbase's executive
officers and directors as a group (12 persons) held options to purchase
approximately 6.2 million shares of Broadbase common stock, representing
approximately 25% of the shares subject to all Broadbase options outstanding as
of that date.


No Other Negotiations

   Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
Broadbase and Kana have each agreed not to take any of the following actions
directly or indirectly:

  .  
solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or knowingly induce the making,
     submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal, as that term is
     defined below;

  .  
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition
     Proposal except for discussions to elicit information to determine
     whether the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Offer as defined
     below;

  .  
furnish any non-public information with respect to any Acquisition
     Proposal;

  .  
take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
     Acquisition Proposal except to elicit information to determine whether
     Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Offer;

  .  
participate in discussions with any person with respect to any
     Acquisition Proposal;

  .  
approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

  .  
enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
     agreement or commitment relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

   
However, if either Kana or Broadbase receives an unsolicited, written
Acquisition Proposal prior to the approval of the merger at its stockholders'
meeting that its board concludes in good faith, after consultation with its
financial advisor, may constitute a Superior Offer, as defined below, it may
furnish non-public information regarding it and may enter into discussions with
the person or group who has made that Acquisition Proposal, if:

  .  
neither it nor its representatives shall have violated the non-
     solicitation provisions of the merger agreement or the provisions of the
     merger agreement relating to holding its stockholders meeting;

  .  
its board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation with
     outside legal counsel, that it would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
     obligations to its stockholders under applicable law to fail to take
     this action;

  .  
prior to furnishing non-public information to, or entering into any
     discussions or negotiations with, a party making the Acquisition
     Proposal except discussions to elicit information to determine whether
     the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Offer, it gives the
     other company written notice of the Acquisition Proposal, including the
     identity of the party making the Acquisition Proposal and the material
     terms and conditions of the Acquisition Proposal; and

  .  
it furnishes the non-public information to the other company (to the
     extent that such information has not been previously provided) at the
     same time that it furnishes this information to the party making the
     Acquisition Proposal and the information furnished to the other party is
     subject to an agreement requiring the confidential treatment of that
     information.

   
An Acquisition Proposal is any offer or proposal by a third party to either
Kana or Broadbase relating to:

  .  
the acquisition or purchase of more than a 30% interest in the total
     outstanding voting securities of it or any of its subsidiaries;

  .  
any tender offer or exchange offer, that, if consummated, would result
     in any person or group beneficially owning 30% or more of the total
     outstanding voting securities of it or any of its subsidiaries;

  .  
any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
     involving it under which its stockholders immediately prior to the
     acquisition hold less than 60% of the equity interest in the resulting
     entity; or

  .  
any sale, lease, other than in the ordinary course of business,
     exchange, transfer, license other than in the ordinary course of
     business, acquisition, or disposition of more than 50% of its assets.

   
A Superior Offer with respect to either Kana or Broadbase is:

  .  
an unsolicited, bona fide Acquisition Proposal made by a third party
     that its board determines in good faith, after consultation with its
     financial advisor, to be substantially more favorable to its
     stockholders than the merger; and

  .  which, by its terms, requires that this merger and the merger agreement
     be terminated as a condition to the completion of the proposed
     Acquisition Proposal.


An offer will not be a Superior Offer if any financing required to complete
the proposed transaction is not committed and it is not likely in the good
faith determination of the board of directors, after consultation with its
financial advisor, to be obtained by the third party on a timely basis.

   
The board of either Broadbase or Kana may, without breaching the merger
agreement, withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation in favor of
the merger proposal or endorse or recommend a Superior Offer if:

  .  
a Superior Offer is made to the other company and is not withdrawn;

  .  
it provides written notice of the Superior Offer to the other company,
     including the identity of the party making the Superior Offer and
     summarizing the material terms and conditions of the Superior Offer;

  .  
the other company does not, within two business days after receiving a
     written notice from the company receiving the Superior Offer, make an
     offer that the board of the company receiving the Superior Offer
     determines by majority vote in its good faith judgment, after
     consultation with its financial advisor, to be at least as favorable to
     its stockholders as the Superior Offer;

  .  
its board concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
     legal counsel, that its failure to withhold, withdraw, amend or modify
     its recommendation in light of the Superior Offer would be inconsistent
     with its fiduciary obligations to its stockholders under applicable law;
     and

  .  
it has not knowingly violated the non-solicitation provisions of the
     merger agreement or the provisions of the merger agreement relating to
     holding its stockholders meeting.

   
Each company has also agreed to provide the other with at least two days
prior notice (or such lesser prior notice as provided to its own board) of any
meeting of its board at which its board is reasonably expected to consider any
Acquisition Proposal to determine whether it is a Superior Offer.
Even if an
Acquisition Proposal

or a Superior Proposal is made or the board's recommendation with respect to
the merger proposal is withheld, withdrawn, amended or modified, it must
nevertheless hold and convene its stockholders' meeting as promptly as possible
and within 45 days of the effectiveness of Kana's registration statement and
put the merger proposal to a vote of its stockholders.


Public Disclosure

   Kana and Broadbase have each agreed to consult with the other and, to the
extent practicable, agree before issuing any press release or making any public
statement with respect to the merger or the merger agreement.


Employee Benefit Plans

   Kana and Broadbase will work together in good faith to agree upon mutually
acceptable employee benefit and compensation arrangements.


Conditions to Closing the Merger

   The obligation of each of Kana and Broadbase to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions
before closing the merger:

  .  
the merger agreement and the merger must be approved by stockholders of
     Broadbase;

  .  
the issuance of the shares of Kana common stock to be issued in the
     merger, as well as the amendment to Kana's certificate of incorporation
     to change its name, must be approved by Kana's stockholders;

  .  
Kana's registration statement, of which this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus is a part, must be effective, no stop order
     suspending its effectiveness may be in effect and no proceedings for
     suspending its effectiveness may be pending before or threatened by the
     Securities and Exchange Commission;

  .  
no governmental entity shall have enacted, issued or enforced any law,
     regulation or order that has the effect of making the merger illegal or
     otherwise prohibiting the closing of the merger;

  .  
all applicable waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws relating
     to the merger must have expired or been terminated;

  .  
each must receive from its tax counsel an opinion to the effect that the
     merger will constitute a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of
     section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

  .  
the shares of Kana common stock to be issued in the merger must be
     authorized for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to
     official notice of issuance; and

  .  
all required approvals and consents shall have been obtained unless the
     failure to receive such consent or approval would not be reasonably
     likely to have a material adverse effect, as described below, on the
     combined companies.

   
Broadbase's obligations to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction
or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

  .  
the representations and warranties of Kana must be true and correct,
     except as a result of transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
     or where the failure to be true and correct would not, in the aggregate,
     have a material adverse effect;

  .  
Kana must have performed or complied in all material respects with all
     of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be
     performed or complied with by it at or before closing the merger;

  .  
no material adverse effect with respect to Kana shall have occurred with
     respect to it since April 9, 2001, and be continuing;

  .  
Kana must have complied in all material respects with the terms of the
     restructuring plan approved by its board; and

  .  
Kana shall have taken all action necessary to appoint to Kana's board of
     directors upon the effective time of the merger the individuals agreed
     upon by the parties to the merger agreement.

   
Kana's obligations to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

  .  
the representations and warranties of Broadbase must be true and
     correct, except as result of transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement or where the failure to be true and correct would not, in the
     aggregate, have a material adverse effect;

  .  
Broadbase must have performed or complied in all material respects with
     all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to
     be performed or complied with by it at or before closing the merger;

  .  
no material adverse effect with respect to Broadbase shall have occurred
     with respect to it since April 9, 2001, and be continuing; and

  .  
Broadbase must have complied in all material respects with the terms of
     the restructuring plan approved by its board.

   
A material adverse effect is defined to be any change, event, circumstance
or effect that is materially adverse to the business, assets (including
intangible assets), capitalization, financial condition, cash position,
operations or results of operations of such entity taken as a whole with its
subsidiaries.
A material adverse effect does not include a change, event,
circumstance or effect that directly results from the following (none of which
shall in and of itself constitute a material adverse effect):

  .  
changes in general economic, political or social conditions;

  .  
short term variations in revenues;

  .  
changes affecting the entity's industry generally, so long as the change
     does not affect the entity in a substantially disproportionate manner;

  .  
changes in the trading price or volume of the entity's common stock;

  .  
changes in the electronic customer relationship management market, so
     long as these changes do not affect the entity in a substantially
     disproportionate manner;

  .  
the effect of the public announcement of the merger or the period of
     time during which the merger is not completed on the customers,
     suppliers, distributors, partners and employees of the entity;

  .  
the effect of performing the obligations under the merger agreement or
     loan agreement or in connection with the restructuring plan approved by
     the entity's board; and

  .  
changes principally caused by one party's refusal to consent to an
     action reasonably requested by the other party after the latter party's
     board determines in good faith and certifies to the first party that the
     action is necessary to avoid a material adverse effect.


Termination of the Merger Agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to closing the
merger, whether before or after the requisite stockholder approval, by either
Kana or Broadbase:

  .  
by mutual written consent duly authorized by the boards of Kana and
     Broadbase;

  .  
if the merger is not completed by October 31, 2001 (or December 31,
     2001, in the event that the applicable waiting period under the Hart-
     Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 has not

   expired or the registration statement of which this joint proxy
   statement/prospectus forms a part has not been declared effective and the
   extending party reasonably believes such event will occur in time to
   permit the closing to occur by such date), except that the right to
   terminate the merger agreement under this provision is not available to
   any party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause
   resulting in the failure of the merger to occur on or by October 31, 2001,
   and this action or failure to act constitutes a material breach of the
   merger agreement;

  .  
if a governmental authority has issued an order, decree or ruling or
     taken any other action that is final and non-appealable, having the
     effect of permanently enjoining, restraining or prohibiting the merger;

  .  
if the merger is not approved by the stockholders of Broadbase, except
     that the right to terminate the merger agreement under this provision is
     not available to Broadbase where the failure to obtain stockholder
     approval was caused by an action or failure to act by Broadbase that
     constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;

  .  
if the approval of the issuance of shares of Kana common stock in the
     merger and the amendment to Kana's certificate of incorporation
     effecting the change of Kana's name shall not have been approved by
     Kana's stockholders, except that the right to terminate the merger
     agreement under this provision is not available to Kana if the failure
     to obtain stockholder approval was caused by an action or failure to act
     by Kana that constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;

  .  
at any time prior to the other party receiving the required approval of
     its stockholders, if a Triggering Event, as described below, occurs;

  .  
upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on
     the part of the other party in the merger agreement, or if any of the
     other party's representations or warranties are or become materially
     untrue, so that the corresponding condition to closing the applicable
     merger would not be met.
However, if the breach or inaccuracy is curable
     by the other party through the exercise of its commercially reasonable
     efforts, and the other party continues to exercise commercially
     reasonable efforts, then the party may not terminate the merger
     agreement if the breach or inaccuracy is cured within 45 days after
     delivery of the notice of breach or inaccuracy or the party is in
     material breach of the merger agreement; or

  .  
if the other party willfully and materially breaches its obligations
     under the loan agreement and this breach continues for two business days
     after receiving written notice of the breach.

   
A Triggering Event will occur if:

  .  
the board of directors or any board committee of Kana or Broadbase
     withdraws, amends or modifies, in a manner adverse to the other party,
     its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger
     agreement and the approval of the merger, or in the case of Kana, in
     favor of the issuance of Kana common stock or amendment of its
     certificate of incorporation in the merger;

  .  
Broadbase or Kana fails to include in this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus the recommendation of its board of directors in
     favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the
     approval of the merger, or in the case of Kana, in favor of the issuance
     of Kana common stock or amendment of its certificate of incorporation in
     the merger;

  .  
the board of directors or any board committee of Kana or Broadbase fails
     to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of adoption and approval of the
     merger agreement and the approval of the merger, or in the case of Kana,
     in favor of the issuance of Kana common stock or amendment of its
     certificate of incorporation in the merger, within 10 days after the
     other party requests in writing that this recommendation be reaffirmed
     following the public announcement of an Acquisition Proposal;

  .  
the board of directors of Broadbase or Kana approves or publicly
     recommends any Acquisition Proposal;

  .  
Broadbase or Kana enters into a letter of intent or similar document or
     agreement accepting an Acquisition Proposal;

  .  
Broadbase or Kana knowingly breaches the non-solicitation provisions of
     the merger agreement or the provisions of the merger agreement relating
     to holding its stockholders meeting; or

  .  
if a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of a party is
     commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with the other party, and
     the party does not send to its stockholders within 10 business days
     after the tender or exchange offer is first commenced, a statement
     disclosing that the party recommends rejection of the tender or exchange
     offer.


Termination Fee

   Subject to the conditions below, if either Broadbase or Kana terminates the
merger agreement because the merger is not completed by October 31, 2001, (or
December 31, 2001, if extended), then each is obligated to pay to the other
within two days of the termination a termination fee equal to $2.5 million in
immediately available funds.

   
Subject to the conditions below, Broadbase shall pay Kana a termination fee
equal to $2.5 million in immediately available funds if the merger agreement is
terminated by Kana or Broadbase because of the failure of Broadbase's
stockholders to approve the merger and the merger agreement or if the merger
agreement is terminated by Kana because of a Triggering Event related to
Broadbase.

   
Subject to the conditions below, Kana shall pay Broadbase a termination fee
equal to $2.5 million in immediately available funds if the merger agreement is
terminated by Kana or Broadbase because of the failure of Kana's stockholders
to approve the issuance of Kana common stock or the amendment of Kana's
certificate of incorporation in the merger or if the merger agreement is
terminated by Broadbase because of a Triggering Event related to Kana.

   
However, if Broadbase or Kana terminates the merger agreement because the
merger is not completed by October 31, 2001, (or December 31, 2001, if deadline
for closing is extended) or because the required stockholder approvals of that
party have not been received, the $2.5 million termination fee must be paid
only if:

  .  
a Triggering Event related to that party has not occurred;

  .  
prior to termination of the merger agreement an Acquisition Proposal is
     publicly announced concerning that party and other person; and

  .  
within twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement, that
     party either completes an Acquisition, as defined below, with such
     person, or enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition with
     such person and that Acquisition is later consummated at any time,
     provided that such party had entered into the agreement during the
     twelve-month period.

   
In any such case, the termination fee shall be payable within two days of
the closing of an Acquisition.
Any termination fee paid shall constitute
liquidated damages to the receiving party and the paying party shall have no
further liability for the action that triggered the termination fee.

   
An Acquisition is any of the following:

  .  
a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
     liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving a party in
     which its stockholders immediately preceding the transaction hold less
     than 50% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving entity of
     the transaction or its parent;

  .  
a sale or other disposition by a party of assets representing in excess
     of 50% of the aggregate fair market value of its business immediately
     prior to the sale; or

  .  
the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
     offer or an exchange offer or issuance by a party, directly or
     indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial
     ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of
     the then outstanding shares of its capital stock.


Amendment, Extension and Waiver of the Merger Agreement

   We may amend the merger agreement before completing the merger by execution
of a written instrument signed by each of us, provided that we comply with
applicable state law in amending the agreement.
Either of us may, in writing,
extend the other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
acts under the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the other's
representations and warranties and waive compliance by the other with any of
the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement.

                               
RELATED AGREEMENTS

   This section of the document describes agreements related to the merger
agreement including the stock option agreements and the voting agreements.

While we believe that these descriptions cover the material terms of these
agreements, these summaries may not contain all of the information that is
important to you.
The form of Kana stockholders' voting agreement is attached
as Appendix II, the form of Broadbase stockholders' voting agreement is
attached as Appendix III, the Kana stock option agreement is attached as
Appendix IV, the Broadbase stock option agreement is attached as Appendix V,
the Distribution and License Agreement is attached as Appendix VI and the
Revolving Loan Agreement is attached as Appendix VII.
We urge you to read each
of these agreements carefully in their entirety.


The Voting Agreements

   Kana required some Broadbase stockholders, including Broadbase's executive
officers, directors and affiliates to enter into voting agreements as an
inducement for Kana to enter into the merger agreement.
These persons
collectively held approximately 11.7% of the outstanding Broadbase common stock
as of April 9, 2001 (including shares issuable upon exercise of options
exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001).

   
In addition, Broadbase required some Kana stockholders, including Kana's
executive officers, directors and affiliates to enter into voting agreements as
an inducement for Broadbase to enter into the merger agreement.
These persons
collectively held approximately 20.5% of the outstanding Kana common stock as
of April 9, 2001 (including shares issued upon exercise of options exercisable
within 60 days of April 9, 2001).

   
The form of the voting agreements entered into by these stockholders is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix II, in the case
of the Kana stockholders, and Appendix III, in the case of the Broadbase
stockholders.
We encourage you to read both of these agreements in their
entirety.

   
Under the voting agreements, these persons agreed:

  .  
in the case of Broadbase stockholders, to vote all shares of Broadbase
     common stock that they beneficially own

    .  
in favor of:

          .  
the merger;

          .  
the execution and delivery by Broadbase of the merger agreement;

          .  
the adoption and approval of the terms of the merger agreement;

          .  
all actions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

          .  
to the extent that a vote is solicited in connection with the
             voting agreement or merger agreement any other action required in
             furtherance of that document.

    
.  
and against:

          .  
any action or agreement that would result in breach of any
             representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Broadbase or
             the merger agreement or that would preclude fulfillment of a
             closing condition of the merger; and

          .  
approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or, in
             competition with, the merger, including any Acquisition Proposal
             or Superior Offer.

  
.  
in the case of Kana stockholders, to vote all shares of Kana common
     stock that they beneficially own

    .  
in favor of:

          .  
the issuance of shares of Kana common stock in the merger;

          .  
the amendment to Kana's second amended and restated certificate
             of incorporation to change its name to "Kana Software, Inc.";

          .  
the execution and delivery by Kana of the merger agreement;

          .  
the adoption and approval of the terms of the merger agreement;

          .  
all actions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

          .  
to the extent that a vote is solicited in connection with the
             voting agreement or merger agreement any other action required in
             furtherance of that document.

    
.  
and against:

          .  
any action or agreement that would result in breach of any
             representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Kana or the
             merger agreement or that would preclude fulfillment of a closing
             condition of the merger.

          .  
approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or, in
             competition with, the merger, including any Acquisition Proposal
             or Superior Offer.

   
Concurrently with the execution of the voting agreement, each stockholder
also delivered an irrevocable proxy to the other company granting the board of
directors of the other company the right to vote the shares covered by the
voting agreement in favor of the matters described above.

   
None of the persons who entered into a voting agreement were paid additional
consideration in connection with the voting agreements.
The voting agreements
will terminate upon the earlier to occur of the effective time of the merger or
the valid termination of the merger agreement under Section 7 of the merger
agreement.


The Stock Option Agreements

   Under the Kana stock option agreement, Kana granted Broadbase an option to
buy up to a number of shares of Kana common stock equal to 19.9% of the
outstanding shares of Kana common stock as of the date of exercise of the
option (less any amount of shares issued to Broadbase upon the conversion of
debt outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement) at an exercise price of
$0.875 per share.
Based on the number of shares of Kana common stock
outstanding on April 9, 2001, the option would be exercisable for approximately
18,770,797 shares of Kana common stock.

   
Under the Broadbase stock option agreement, Broadbase granted Kana an option
to buy up to a number of shares of Broadbase common stock equal to 19.9% of the
outstanding shares of Broadbase common stock on the date of exercise of the
option at an exercise price of $0.7188 per share.
Based on the number of shares
of Broadbase common stock outstanding on April 9, 2001, the option would be
exercisable for approximately 16,330,708 shares of Broadbase common stock.

   
Each of Broadbase and Kana required the other to grant these stock options
as a prerequisite to entering into the merger agreement.
The Kana stock option
agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix IV,
and the Broadbase stock option agreement is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix V. We urge you to read both of these
agreements in their entirety.
In this section, the grantor of the option,
whether Kana or Broadbase, is referred to as the grantor, and the holder of the
option, whether Broadbase or Kana, is referred to as the option holder.

   
These options are intended to increase the likelihood that the merger will
be completed.
Aspects of the stock option agreements may have the effect of
discouraging persons who might now or at any time be interested in acquiring
all or a significant interest in either of us before closing the merger.
The
number of shares issuable upon exercise of each option and the exercise price
of each option are subject to adjustment under specified circumstances to
prevent dilution.

   
Neither option is currently exercisable.
The option holder may exercise the
option in whole or in part and from time to time only if one or more of the
following occurs:

  .  
a Triggering Event, as defined in the merger agreement, which includes:

   .  
the board of directors or any board committee of the grantor
      withdraws, amends or modifies its recommendation in favor of the
      adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the
      merger in a manner adverse to the option holder's recommendation;

   .  
the grantor fails to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
      the recommendation of its board of directors in favor of the adoption
      and approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger;

   .  
the board of directors or any board committee of the grantor fails to
      reaffirm its recommendation in favor of adoption and approval of the
      merger agreement and the approval of the merger within 10 days after
      the option holder requests in writing that this recommendation be
      reaffirmed following the public announcement of an Acquisition
      Proposal, as that term is described in this joint proxy
      statement/prospectus in the section entitled "The Merger Agreement";

   .  
the board of directors of grantor approves or publicly recommends any
      Acquisition Proposal;

   .  
the grantor enters into a letter of intent or agreement accepting an
      Acquisition Proposal;

   .  
the grantor knowingly breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the
      merger agreement or the provisions of the merger agreement relating to
      holding its stockholders meeting; or

   .  
if a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of the
      grantor is commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with the
      option holder, and the company does not send to its stockholders
      within 10 business days after the tender or exchange offer is first
      commenced a statement disclosing that the grantor recommends rejection
      of the tender or exchange offer; or

  .  
the public announcement of an acquisition or purchase by any person or
     group of more than a 30% beneficial ownership interest in the total
     outstanding voting securities of the grantor; or

  .  
the public announcement or commencement of any tender offer or exchange
     offer that if completed would result in any person or group beneficially
     owning 30% or more of the total outstanding voting securities of the
     grantor.

   
The option will terminate upon the earliest of any of the following:

  .  
the effective time of the merger;

  .  
the termination of the merger agreement by mutual written consent duly
     authorized by the boards of Kana and Broadbase;

  .  
the termination of the merger agreement by either Kana or Broadbase,
     prior to a Triggering Event, as described above, upon a breach of any
     representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the other
     in the merger agreement, or if any of the other's representations or
     warranties are or become untrue, so that the corresponding condition to
     closing the applicable merger would not be met (subject in either case
     to any applicable cure periods);

  .  
the termination of the merger agreement by either Kana or Broadbase,
     prior to a Triggering Event, if:

   .  
the merger is not completed by October 31, 2001;

   .  
if a governmental authority has issued an order, decree or ruling or
      taken any other action that is final and non-appealable; or

   .  
if the required approvals of the stockholders of Broadbase or Kana are
      not received; or

  .  
12 months after termination of the merger agreement in other
     circumstances;

except that if the option is exercisable but cannot be exercised due to
government order or because the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
related to the issuance of the shares underlying the option has not expired or
been terminated, or because any other condition to closing has not been
satisfied, then the option will not terminate until the tenth business day
after this impediment to exercise has been removed or, in the case of a
government order, has become final and not subject to appeal.

   
If the total of the termination fee plus the proceeds the option holder
receives in connection with any sales or other dispositions of the option or
shares purchased by exercising the option, plus any dividends on these shares
exceed the total of $2.5 million plus the aggregate exercise price paid upon
exercise of the option, then the option holder must promptly remit all excess
proceeds in cash to the grantor.

   
The stock option agreement may not be exercised unless: (i) all material
consents, approvals, orders or authorizations of, or registrations,
declarations or filings with, any United States federal, state, or local
administrative agency or commission or other United States federal, state or
local governmental authority or instrumentality, if any, required in connection
with the issuance of the option shares pursuant to the stock option agreement
have been obtained or made, as the case may be, and (ii) no preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order by any court of competent jurisdiction in
the United States prohibiting or otherwise restraining such issuance is in
effect.

   
The stock option agreements grant registration rights to Broadbase and Kana
with respect to the shares of Kana common stock or Broadbase common stock
represented by the respective options.
In addition, under each agreement, the
grantor and the option holder agree to indemnify the other against specified
liabilities and expenses, including liabilities under the Securities Act.


Distribution and License Agreement

   Kana and Broadbase entered into a license agreement concurrently with the
merger agreement.
Under this license, Kana and Broadbase each granted to the
other a world-wide, nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-bearing license to
all of the other's intellectual property rights to use, copy, distribute,
display and perform all of the software owned by the other and software,
products and services offered by the other to third parties.
The source code
for the licensed products will be placed in escrow to be released only upon the
occurrence of certain bankruptcy-related events, upon a complete cessation of
one party's business or upon a failure by one party that is not cured to
provide maintenance and support in accordance with standard terms.

   
In consideration of the grant of the license, Kana and Broadbase each agreed
to pay to the other royalties equal to 10% of the net revenue from the
distribution and other commercial exploitation of the licensed products on a
stand-alone basis.
If the licensed products are bundled with Kana or
Broadbase's own products, then the royalties will equal 10% of the portion of
the net revenue that is reasonably attributable to the licensed products.
No
royalties are due with respect to products that are used internally by Kana or
Broadbase for activities that do not generate revenues or for evaluation or
promotional purposes.

   
The license agreement will continue for five years from April 9, 2001, and
will renew automatically for additional one year terms unless either party
provides the other with notice of termination at least 60 days prior to the end
of the then-current term.
If Kana or Broadbase is not in default under the
license, either may terminate the agreement upon a material breach by the other
that is not cured within 30 days of written notice of the breach.
The attempted
assignment of rights by, or the change of control of, either party without the
consent of the other party shall give the non-assigning party or party not
undergoing a change of control the right to immediately terminate the license
granted by it.


Revolving Loan Agreement

   Kana and Broadbase entered into a revolving loan agreement concurrently with
the merger agreement.
Under this loan agreement, Broadbase agreed to make
available to Kana a revolving credit facility up to an aggregate principal
amount of $20.0 million.
The facility may be used to pay payroll and other
expenses.
The credit facility will be available until the earlier to occur of:

  .  
the effectiveness of the merger;

  .  
the effective date of any termination of the merger agreement; or

  .  
the Maturity Date,

   If a Triggering Event, as described above under "The Stock Option
Agreements," occurs with respect to Broadbase, Kana will be entitled to draw
down the entire amount of the credit facility.
Broadbase will place the entire
$20 million of the facility in an escrow account pursuant to the revolving
credit agreement.

   
Kana and Broadbase agreed upon a form of convertible promissory note to be
issued by Kana to Broadbase in exchange for each loan from Broadbase to Kana.

The outstanding principal amount under the notes will accrue interest at a rate
equal to the prime rate plus 2% per year, compounded quarterly.
The notes will
be due on the Maturity Date, unless the notes have previously been converted at
Broadbase's option into shares of Kana's common stock, as described below.

   
The Maturity Date for the credit facility shall be April 9, 2002, unless:

  .  
the merger agreement is terminated before April 9, 2002 by Kana upon a
     willful breach by Broadbase, of any representation, warranty, covenant
     or other agreement of Broadbase in the merger agreement in which case
     the Maturity Date will be extended to one year after the date of such
     termination;

  .  
the merger agreement is terminated before April 9, 2002 by Broadbase
     upon a willful breach by Kana of any representation, warranty, covenant
     or agreement of Kana in the merger agreement by the mutual agreement of
     Kana and Broadbase, or upon certain other specified events, in which
     case the Maturity Date will be 30 days after the date of such
     termination; or

  .  
Kana executes an agreement to be acquired, in which case the Maturity
     Date will be 30 days after the date of such agreement.

   
Broadbase may elect at any time beginning on July 16, 2001 to convert all or
any part of any outstanding principal and accrued interest of the note into
shares of Kana's common stock at a price of $1.10 per share.
This price will be
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends and other recapitalizations.
In no
event, however, may the total amount converted under the note, when counted
together with the shares acquired under the stock option agreement in favor of
Broadbase described above, exceed 19.9% of Kana's total outstanding shares of
common stock.

   
Upon and during the continuation of an event of default under the agreement,
Broadbase will no longer be obligated to make advances to Kana and may declare
any obligations of Kana under the agreement to be immediately due and payable.

Events of default under the agreement include:

  .  
Kana's failing to pay any principal amount within five days of when due
     and payable;

  .  
Kana's failing to pay any interest, fees or other amounts within five
     days of when due and payable;

  .  
Kana's failing to perform any of its covenants under the agreement and
     such failure continuing for 30 days after notice of the default by
     Broadbase.
Covenants in the loan agreement include:

   .  using the proceeds for purposes different from those set forth in the
      borrowing request for a loan;

   .  not permitting inspections by Broadbase of all records, financial
      information and properties;

   .  not maintaining its corporate existence and using commercially
      reasonable efforts to maintain the intellectual property necessary to
      conduct its business; or

   .  
merging or liquidating, or permitting any of its subsidiaries to merge
      or liquidate, other than as contemplated by the merger agreement.

  
.  
any representation or warranty made by Kana in the loan documents being
     proven to have been untrue or incorrect when made; and

  .  
Kana becoming subject to various bankruptcy proceedings.

                            
KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements have been
prepared to give effect to the proposed merger of Kana and Broadbase, the
merger of Kana and Silknet, and the merger of Broadbase and Servicesoft, using
the purchase method of accounting.
These pro forma statements were prepared as
if the mergers had been completed as of January 1, 2000 for statement of
operations purposes and as of December 31, 2000 for balance sheet purposes.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are presented for
illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the financial
position or results of operations that would have actually been reported had
the mergers occurred at December 31, 2000 for balance sheet purposes or at
January 1, 2000 for statement of operations purposes, nor is it necessarily
indicative of the future financial position or results of operations.
The pro
forma combined financial statements include adjustments, which are based upon
preliminary estimates, to reflect the allocation of purchase consideration to
the acquired assets and liabilities of Broadbase, before any integration or
restructuring adjustments.
The final allocation of the purchase consideration
will be determined after the completion of the merger and will be based on
appraisals and a comprehensive final evaluation of the fair value of all assets
and liabilities assumed as considered appropriate.
The pro forma adjustments
may differ materially based upon the final allocation.

   
These unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based upon the
respective historical consolidated financial statements of Kana, Broadbase,
Silknet and Servicesoft and should be read in conjunction with the historical
consolidated financial statements of Kana and Broadbase and related notes and
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" contained in the reports and other information Kana and Broadbase
have on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                           
KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                               December 31, 2000
                                 (In thousands)

                                                          Pro Forma
                                                   ---------------------------
                             Kana      Broadbase   Adjustments      Combined
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------

         ASSETS
         ------
Current assets:

  Cash and cash
   equivalents........... $    76,202  $   51,186  $       --      $   127,388
  Short-term
   investments...........         
297     101,034          --          101,331
  Accounts receivable,
   net...................      43,393      27,536          --           70,929
  Prepaid expenses and
   other current assets..      14,866       8,357          --           23,223
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------
    Total current
     assets..............     134,758     188,113          --          322,871
Restricted cash..........         --        2,473          --            2,473
Property and equipment,
 net.....................      40,095      17,730      (17,730)(a)      40,095
Long-term investments....         --       15,540          --           15,540
Intangible assets,
 principally goodwill....     800,000   1,044,287   (1,044,287)(b)     800,000
Other assets.............       5,271       7,792       (7,792)(a)       5,271
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------
    Total assets......... $   980,124  $1,275,935  $(1,069,809)    $ 1,186,250
                          ===========  ==========  ===========     ===========

     LIABILITIES AND
  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  --------------------

Current liabilities:
  Current portion of
   notes payable.........
$     1,456  $      346  $       --      $     1,802
  Accounts payable.......      17,980      16,210          --           34,190
  Accrued liabilities....      35,846      36,851       11,200 (c)      83,897
  Deferred revenue.......      25,242      16,320      (10,512)(d)      31,050
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------
    Total current
     liabilities.........      
80,524      69,727          688         150,939
Notes payable, less
 current portion.........         
148         703          --              851
Deferred credit-negative
 goodwill................         --          --        38,644 (e)      38,644
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------
    Total liabilities....      
80,672      70,430       39,332         190,434
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------

Commitments and
 contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
  Convertible preferred
   stock.................         --          --           --              --
  Common stock...........          
94          81            5 (f)         180
  Additional paid-in
   capital...............   4,130,231   1,484,130   (1,385,416)(f)   4,228,945
  Deferred stock-based
   compensation..........     (21,639)    (42,899)      40,899 (f)     (23,639)
  Notes receivable from
   stockholders..........      (5,367)       (436)         --           (5,803)
  
Accumulated other
   comprehensive losses..        (377)       (268)         268 (f)        (377)
  Accumulated deficit....  (3,203,490)   (235,103)     235,103 (f)  (3,203,490)
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------
    Total stockholders'
     equity..............     899,452   1,205,505   (1,109,141)        995,816
                          -----------  ----------  -----------     -----------
    Total liabilities and
     stockholders'
     equity.............. $   980,124  $1,275,935  $(1,069,809)    $ 1,186,250
                          ===========  ==========  ===========     ===========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
                         combined financial statements.

                           
KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                      For the Year Ended December 31, 2000
                     (In thousands, except per share data)

                                                      Acquired Entities            Pro Forma
                                                  -------------------------
--------------------------
                             Kana      Broadbase  Silknet(k) Servicesoft(l)
Adjustments     Combined
                          -----------  ---------  
---------- -------------- -----------    -----------

Revenues:
  License...............  $    75,360  $  34,646    $ 7,255      $ 9,920     $    --       $   127,181
  Service...............       
43,887     13,608      4,392       13,336          --            75,223
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
    Total revenues......      119,247     48,254     11,647       23,256          --           202,404
                          -----------  ---------   
--------    ---------     --------      -----------

Cost of revenues:
  License...............        2,856      4,452        404          772          --             8,484
  Service...............       
56,201     15,984      4,516       15,951          --            92,652
  Amortization of
   acquired core and
   developed
   technology...........          --       1,696        --           --        (1,696)(g)          --
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
    Total cost of
     revenues...........       59,057     22,132      4,920       16,723       (1,696)         101,136
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
Gross profit............       60,190     26,122      6,727        6,533        1,696          101,268
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing...       88,186     37,247      5,654       30,036          --           161,123
  Research and
   development..........       42,724     17,207      4,556        7,928          --            72,415
  General and
   administrative.......       18,945      6,836      2,208       11,371          --            39,360
  Amortization of stock-
   based compensation...       14,715     21,284         10        8,874       20,130 (h)       65,013
  Amortization of
   goodwill and
   identifiable
   intangibles..........      873,022     78,145        --         6,380      (84,525)(g)      860,141
                                                                              (12,881)(i)
  
In-process research
   and development......        
6,900     25,877        --           --           --            32,777
  Acquisition related
   costs................        
6,564     45,509        --           --           --            52,073
  Goodwill impairment...    2,084,841        --         --           --           --         2,084,841
                          -----------  ---------   
--------    ---------     
--------      -----------
    Total operating
     expenses...........    3,135,897    232,105     12,428       64,589      (77,276)       3,367,743
                          -----------  ---------   
--------    ---------     
--------      -----------
Operating loss..........   (3,075,707)  (205,983)    (5,701)     (58,056)      78,972       (3,266,475)

Other income (expense),
 net....................        4,834     12,552        619          590                        18,595
                          -----------  ---------   
--------    ---------     
--------      -----------
    Net loss............  $(3,070,873) $(193,431)  $ (5,082)   $ (57,466)    $ 78,972      $(3,247,880)
                          
===========  =========   ========    =========     ========      ===========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $    (39.57) $   (4.09)                                          $    (18.83)
                          ===========  =========                                           ===========
Shares used in computing
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share
 amounts................       
77,610     47,259                                               172,493 (j)
                          ===========  =========                                           ===========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
                         combined financial statements.

                           
KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. BASIS OF PRO FORMA PRESENTATION

   On April 9, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into a merger agreement whereby
each outstanding share of Broadbase common stock will be converted into 1.05
shares of Kana common stock.
Each outstanding option and warrant to purchase
shares of Broadbase common stock will be assumed using the 1.05 ratio.

Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the affirmative vote of both
companies' stockholders, among other conditions.
Kana expects to issue
approximately 86.2 million shares of Kana common stock and reserve
approximately 28.1 million shares of common stock to assume Broadbase's
outstanding options and warrants to purchase common stock in connection with
the merger agreement.
The actual number of shares of Kana common stock to be
issued will be determined on the effective date of the merger based on the
number of shares of Broadbase common stock actually outstanding on such date.

Kana is expected to account for the merger under the purchase method of
accounting.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet at December 31, 2000 combines
Kana's and Broadbase's consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2000
as if the merger had been consummated on that date.
The unaudited pro forma
combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 gives
effect to the proposed merger of Kana and Broadbase, the merger of Kana and
Silknet and the acquisition by Broadbase of Servicesoft as if each transaction
had been consummated on January 1, 2000.


2. PRELIMINARY PURCHASE PRICE

   
The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements reflect an estimated
purchase price of approximately $105.2 million, measured using the average fair
market value of Kana's common stock from April 5, 2001 to April 11, 2001, five
trading days surrounding the date the merger agreement was announced, plus the
value of the options and warrants to be issued by Kana in the merger, and other
costs directly related to the merger as follows (in thousands):

     Fair market value of Kana's common stock.........................
$ 81,200
     Fair market value of options and warrants assumed................   17,600
     Estimated acquisition related costs..............................    6,400
                                                                       --------
       Total consideration............................................
$105,200
                                                                       ========

   The final purchase price is dependent on the actual number of shares of
common stock exchanged, the actual number of options and warrants assumed, and
actual acquisition related costs.
The final purchase price will be determined
upon completion of the merger.
The preliminary purchase price allocation, which
is subject to change based on Kana's final analysis, is as follows (in
thousands):

     Tangible assets acquired......................................... $206,562
     Deferred compensation............................................    
2,000
     Liabilities assumed..............................................  
(64,718)
     Deferred credit--negative goodwill...............................  (38,644)
                                                                       --------
       Total .........................................................
$105,200
                                                                       ========

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3.
PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

Balance Sheet

   The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet has been
prepared as if the merger was completed on December 31, 2000 and reflects the
following pro forma adjustments:

    (a) To reduce the carrying amount of certain Broadbase long-term assets
       to $0 due to the fair value of the acquired assets exceeding the
       purchase price (negative goodwill).

    
(b) To eliminate Broadbase historical goodwill.
Due to the fair value
       of the acquired assets exceeding the purchase price (negative
       goodwill), no value has been assigned to the developed technology,
       in-process technology, workforce and other acquired intangible
       assets acquired from Broadbase.

    
(c) To record estimated direct merger costs of approximately $6.4
        million to be incurred by Kana and approximately $4.8 million of
        estimated merger costs to be incurred by Broadbase.

    
(d)
To reduce the Broadbase deferred revenue to estimated fair value.

    
(e) To record deferred credit-negative goodwill resulting from the
        merger as the fair value of the acquired assets exceeds the
        purchase price.

    
(f) To eliminate the historical stockholders' equity of Broadbase and
        record the Kana shares, options and warrants issued in the merger.


Statement of Operations

   The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations has
been prepared as if the proposed merger of Kana and Broadbase, the merger of
Kana and Silknet and the acquisition by Broadbase of Servicesoft were each
completed as of January 1, 2000 and reflects the following pro forma
adjustments:

    (g) To eliminate amortization of Broadbase and Servicesoft historical
        goodwill and other purchased intangible assets.
No additional
        goodwill amortization has been recorded for the Silknet merger for
        the period prior to the merger due to the goodwill impairment
        charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2000.

    
(h) To record amortization of deferred stock-based compensation
        resulting from the merger of Kana and Broadbase and the merger of
        Broadbase and Servicesoft.

    
(i)
To record the amortization of deferred credit-negative goodwill
        resulting from the merger of Kana and Broadbase on a straight line
        basis over a three year period.

    
(j) Reflects issuance by Kana of approximately 86.2 million shares of
        common stock in connection with the merger with Broadbase and an
        additional approximately 8.7 million shares related to the merger
        with Silknet.
Shares used to calculate unaudited pro forma net loss
        per share exclude the anti-dilutive effect of Kana's stock options
        including options to be issued in the merger.

    
(k) Reflects Silknet's results of operations for the period from
        January 1, 2000 through April 19, 2000 prior to the acquisition of
        Silknet by Kana on April 20, 2000.

    
(l) Reflects Servicesoft's results of operations for the period from
        January 1, 2000 through December 15, 2000 prior to the acquisition
        of Servicesoft by Broadbase on December 18, 2000.

                        COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes some of the
differences between the rights of holders of Broadbase common stock and Kana
common stock.
This section does not include a complete description of all
differences among the rights of these stockholders, nor does it include a
complete description of the specific rights of these stockholders.
In addition,
the identification of some differences in the rights of these stockholders as
material is not intended to indicate that other differences that are equally
important or that you deem important do not exist.
Therefore, this summary is
qualified by reference to Delaware Law, Kana's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, and Broadbase's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
You should
carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and any other
documents to which we refer for a more complete understanding of the
differences between being a stockholder of Kana and being a stockholder of
Broadbase.


Comparison of Rights of Kana Stockholders and Broadbase Stockholders under
Delaware Law and each Company's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

   Kana and Broadbase are both organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware.
Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of Kana common
stock and Broadbase common stock arise primarily from differences in their
respective restated certificates of incorporation, bylaws and rights
agreements.
Upon completion of the merger, holders of Broadbase common stock
will become holders of Kana common stock and, consequently, their rights will
be governed by the Kana restated certificate of incorporation and restated
bylaws.
However, the rights of holders of Broadbase common stock following the
merger will continue to be governed by Delaware law.

   
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions.
Kana's and Broadbase's
certificates of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may have the
effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or an
unsolicited acquisition proposal that a stockholder might consider favorable,
including a proposal that might result in the payment of a premium over the
market price for the shares held by holders of Kana and Broadbase common stock.

   
Capital Stock.
Broadbase's certificate of incorporation provides that
Broadbase's authorized capital stock consists of 90,000,000 shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par
value.
Kana's authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.001 per share.

   
Classified Board.
Delaware law provides that a corporation's board of
directors may be divided into various classes with staggered terms of office.

The boards of directors for both Broadbase and Kana are divided into three
classes with staggered three-year terms.
The classification of each board has
the effect of requiring at least two annual stockholder meetings, instead of
one, to replace a majority of the members of either company's board of
directors.

   
Number and Election of Directors.
Under Delaware law, a corporation may fix
the number of directors or the process by which to do so in either its
certificate of incorporation or bylaws.
In order to be elected as a director, a
person shall have received a plurality of the votes of shares present and
entitled to vote.
When electing directors in a Delaware corporation,
stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights unless the corporation's
certificate of incorporation so provides.

   
Pursuant to both Kana's and Broadbase's respective certificates of
incorporation, the size of the board of directors of each shall be determined
by resolution of the board of directors.
The size of the Kana board is set at
nine members while the size of Broadbase's is five members.
The directors of
both Kana and Broadbase are elected as mandated by Delaware law.
Neither Kana
nor Broadbase have instituted cumulative voting.

   
Vacancy on the Board of Directors and Removal of Directors.
Delaware law
allows any vacancy on the board of directors to be filled by a majority of the
directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director, unless otherwise provided for in the certificate of incorporation or
bylaws.
Also, directors of Delaware corporations with staggered boards may only
be removed at an election of directors for cause by a majority of shares
entitled to vote at such meeting.

   
Both Kana and Broadbase have adopted Delaware's provisions for filling board
vacancies and for the removal of any of either company's directors.
Currently,
Kana has three vacancies on its board of directors and Broadbase has one.
If
the merger is consummated, then immediately following the merger Kana would
have four vacancies on its board of directors.
These provisions prevent a
stockholder from enlarging the board of directors and filling the new
directorships with such stockholder's own nominees without the approval of the
Broadbase board of directors.

   
Directors' Committees.
Under Delaware law, a board of directors may
designate one or more committees, which consists of one or more directors.

Except as provided for in the resolution of the board of directors or the
bylaws, a committee of a Delaware corporation shall have and exercise all the
powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the corporation.
However, no such committee shall have
power to approve, adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter
require by law to be submitted to the stockholders for approval or to adopt,
amend, or repeal any bylaw of the corporation.
Kana's bylaws provide that the
board of directors may by the vote of a majority of the board of directors
designate one or more committees of the board, each comprised of one or more
members of the board.
To the extent provided in a resolution of Kana's board of
directors, these committees may exercise all the powers and authority of the
board of directors in the management of Kana, including, if the resolution
expressly provides, the declaration of a dividend or the issuance of stock,
except that no committee may:

  .
amend Kana's certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

  .
adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation;

  .
recommend the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of
    Kana's assets; or

  .
recommend dissolution or revocation of a dissolution of Kana.

   
Broadbase's bylaws provide that a majority of the board of directors may
designate one or more committees of the board.
To the extent provided in a
resolution of the Broadbase board of directors, any committees of the Broadbase
board of directors may exercise all the powers and authority of the board in
the management of the business and affairs of Broadbase, except that no
committee may:

  .
approve or adopt, or recommend to Broadbase's stockholders, any action or
    matter expressly required by law to be submitted to stockholders for
    approval; or

  .
adopt, amend or repeal any bylaws of Broadbase.

   
Supermajority Voting.
Kana's certificate of incorporation requires the
approval of the holders of 66 2/3% of its outstanding voting stock to effect
certain amendments to the certificate of incorporation with respect to:

  .
the vote necessary to amend its bylaws or certificate of incorporation;

  .
the size, classification and method of election of its board of
    directors;

  .
the conduct of stockholders' meetings and stockholder action by written
    consent; and

  .
indemnification of its directors, officers and others.

   
In addition, Kana's certificate of incorporation provides that directors are
removable only by the vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of Kana's outstanding
voting capital stock.
Kana's bylaws may be amended by the majority vote of the
board of directors or by the vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of Kana's
outstanding voting capital stock.
Neither Broadbase's certificate of
incorporation nor its bylaws require a supermajority vote of Broadbase's
stockholders to approve any action.

   
Special Meeting of Stockholders.
Delaware law provides that the board of
directors or any other person may call a special meeting of stockholders as so
authorized by a corporation's charter documents.
Kana's certificate of
incorporation provides that special meetings of stockholders of Kana may only
be called by its board of directors.
This provision prevents Kana stockholders
from initiating or effecting any action by calling a special meeting of the
stockholders.

   
Broadbase's bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders of
Broadbase may only be called by the board of directors, the chairperson of the
board of directors, a majority of the members of the board of directors,
Broadbase's chief executive officer, Broadbase's president or the holders of
shares that are entitled to cast at least a ten-percent of the total number of
votes entitled to be cast by all stockholders at such meeting.

   
No Stockholder Action by Written Consent.
Unless otherwise indicated in a
corporation's certificate of incorporation, stockholders of a Delaware
corporation are entitled by law to take any action without a meeting, prior
notice or vote if holders of enough shares of voting stock to carry the action
at such a meeting consent in writing to take such action without a stockholder
meeting.
Kana's certificate of incorporation provides that Kana's stockholders
may take action only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of Kana
and shall have no right to take any action by written consent without a
meeting.
Broadbase's certificate of incorporation and bylaws similarly provide
that stockholder action may only be taken at a duly called annual or special
meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written consent.
These
provisions, taken together, prevent stockholders from forcing consideration by
the stockholders of stockholder proposals over the opposition of the board of
directors, except at an annual special meeting.

   
Record Date for Determining Stockholders.
Delaware provides that the board
may fix a date to determine the stockholders entitled to notice of and vote at
any meeting of stockholders that is not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days
before the date of such meeting.
Both Kana and Broadbase have adopted this
provision.

   
Notice of Board Nominations and Other Stockholder Business--Annual
Meetings.
Delaware provides that any proper business may be transacted at a
corporation's annual meeting.
Kana's bylaws establish advance notice procedures
with respect to all stockholder proposals to be brought before meetings of
stockholders of Kana, including proposals relating to board nominations, the
removal of directors and amendments to its certificate of incorporation or
bylaws.
These procedures provide that such notice must contain the consent of
any nominee for election to the board of directors as well as certain
information with respect to such nominee, a brief description of and reasons
for any business desired to be brought before a meeting, the ownership interest
of the proposing stockholder and certain other information.
Generally, to be
timely, notice must be received by Kana's secretary not less than 120 days
prior to the meeting.

   
Under the notice procedure in its bylaws, Broadbase must receive notice of
stockholder nominations or proposals to be made at an annual not less than 60
days nor more than 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the
preceding year's annual meeting.
In the event that the date of the annual
meeting is either thirty days before or sixty days after such anniversary date,
Broadbase must receive notice not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior
to such date or 10 days following the day on which Broadbase publicly announces
its annual meeting.
However, if the number of directors to be elected to the
board of directors is increased and Broadbase fails to make a public
announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of
the increased board of directors at least 70 days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, then notice must be
received not later than the 10th day following the day such public disclosure
was made.
In such case, the notice will be timely only with respect to any
director nominees for any position caused by the increase in the board of
directors.

   
Adequate notice to Broadbase stockholders must contain:

  .
for each proposed board nominee, all information required to be disclosed
    about such person for a solicitation of proxies or pursuant to Regulation
    14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
    written consent of the person nominated;

  .
as to all other proposed business, a brief description of the proposal,
    the reasons for presenting the proposal at the annual meeting, and any
    material interest of the proposing stockholder or any related beneficial
    owner, if necessary; and

  .
if proposed on behalf of a beneficial owner, the name and address of the
    proposing stockholder and beneficial owner and the class and numbers of
    shares owned by the proposing stockholder and the beneficial owner.

   
Neither Broadbase's nor Kana's bylaws give the board of directors any power
to approve or disapprove stockholder board nominations or proposals for annual
meetings.
However, if Kana's or Broadbase's proper advance notice procedures
are not followed with respect to a particular nomination or proposal, then the
nomination or proposal will not be considered at the annual meeting without
regard to whether consideration, or the lack thereof, of such nominees or
proposals might be harmful or beneficial to Kana, Broadbase, or either
company's stockholders.
The notice procedure of each company may prevent a
contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder
proposals at an annual meeting.
These procedures could also deter a third party
from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors
or to approve its own proposal at an annual meeting.

   
Notice of Board Nominations and Other Stockholder Business--Special
Meetings.
Delaware law does not mandate any particular procedures for
stockholders to provide adequate notice of any proposed business.
Kana's bylaws
do not distinguish between the procedure for providing notice of board
nominations and other stockholder business for its annual meetings of
stockholders and those for its special meetings of stockholders.

   
Broadbase's certificate of incorporation limits the business transacted at a
special meeting of stockholders to those purposes stated in the notice of such
meeting.
The bylaws of Broadbase require that notice of stockholder nominations
to be made at a special meeting called by the board of directors for the
purpose of electing one or more directors must be received not earlier than the
90th day prior to such special meeting nor later than the close of business on
the 60th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day
public disclosure of the special meeting and the nominees proposed by the board
of directors to be elected at such meeting was made.
These notices must contain
the same information as those for the annual meeting.

   
Neither Broadbase's nor Kana's bylaws give the board of directors any power
to approve or disapprove stockholder board nominations or proposals for special
meetings.
However, if Kana's or Broadbase's proper advance notice procedures
are not followed with respect to a particular nomination or proposal, then the
nomination or proposal will not be considered at the special meeting without
regard to whether consideration, or the lack thereof, of such nominees or
proposals might be harmful or beneficial to Kana, Broadbase, or either
company's stockholders.
The notice procedure of each company may prevent a
contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder
proposals at a special meeting.
These procedures could also deter a third party
from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors
or to approve its own proposal at a special meeting.

   
Limitations of Liability of Directors.
Kana's certificate of incorporation
eliminates, to the maximum extent allowed by the Delaware General Corporation
Law, a director's personal liability to Kana or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breaches of fiduciary duties.
The certificate of incorporation does
not, however, eliminate or limit the personal liability of a director for the
following:

  .
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Kana or its stockholders;

  .
acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional
    misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

  .
unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or
    redemptions; or

  .
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
    benefit.

   
Broadbase's certificate of incorporation similarly eliminates a director's
personal liability to Broadbase or its stockholders for monetary damages for
breaches of fiduciary duties to the maximum extent allowed by the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which currently prevents the elimination or limitation
of personal liability

of a director in all those circumstances outlined in Kana's certificate of
incorporation.
However, Broadbase's certificate of incorporation does not set
forth the exclusions that are included in Kana's certificate of incorporation.

   
Effect of Delaware Anti-takeover Statute.
Kana and Broadbase are subject to
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, that prohibits
a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any
interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that such
stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

  .
prior to the date the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the
    board of directors of the corporation approved either the business
    combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming
    an interested stockholder;

  .
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
    becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
    least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time
    the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
    number of shares outstanding those shares owned by persons who are
    directors and also officers and by employee stock plans in which employee
    participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether
    shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange
    offer; or

  .
on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by
    the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
    stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at
    least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the
    interested stockholder.

   
Section 203 defines business combinations to include:

  .
any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and any interested
    stockholder;

  .
any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the
    assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder;

  .
any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the
    corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested
    stockholder;

  .
any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of
    increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of
    the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or

  .
the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans,
    advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or
    through the corporation.

   
In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or
person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or
controlled by such entity or person.

                              
OTHER KANA PROPOSALS

Proposal to Change Kana's Name

   On April 9, 2001, Kana entered into a merger agreement with Broadbase.
As a
condition to the completion of the merger, Kana agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to change its name from "Kana Communications, Inc." to "Kana
Software, Inc."
Kana believes that "Kana Software, Inc." will better reflect
the Company's current business focus as a result of its recent acquisitions,
including the proposed acquisition of Broadbase.

   
By approving this proposal, the stockholders will authorize the board to
amend Kana's second amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
reflect this name change.
The amendment to the second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will take the following form:

   Article I is replaced with a new Article I--"The name of this corporation is
Kana Software, Inc.
(the "Corporation').
"

   Kana expects the formal implementation of the name change with the Delaware
Secretary of State to be completed by the end of summer 2001 after stockholder
approval.
There will be no adverse tax consequences associated with this name
change and it will not affect the rights of any holders of Kana's common stock.

Implementation costs during fiscal year 2001 are not expected to be material.

 
Required Vote

   
The proposal to change Kana's name to "Kana Software, Inc." by amending
Kana's second amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Kana's common stock.

 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors

   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE
APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT OF KANA'S SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION.


Proposal to Amend Kana's 1999 Stock Incentive Plan

   The Kana stockholders are being asked to approve an amendment of the 1999
Stock Incentive Plan which will increase the number of shares of Kana common
stock available for issuance under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan by an
additional 10,000,000 shares.

   
The amendment will also increase the limit on the maximum number of shares
by which the share reserve under the 1999 Share Incentive Plan may
automatically increase each calendar year from 4,000,000 shares to 10,000,000
shares, effective for all calendar years after 2001.

   
The increase to the share reserve will allow Kana to continue to utilize
equity incentives to attract and retain the services of key individuals
essential to its long-term growth and financial success.
Equity incentives play
a significant role in the company's efforts to remain competitive in the market
for talented individuals, and Kana relies on such incentives as a means to
attract and retain highly qualified individuals in the positions vital to its
success.

   
All share numbers in this proposal reflect the two-for-one split of the Kana
common stock which was effected on February 22, 2000 through the payment of a
dividend of one additional share of common stock for each share of Kana common
stock outstanding on January 28, 2000.

   
The following is a summary of the principal features of the 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan, as most recently amended, a copy of which is attached to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix XII.
The 1999 Stock Incentive Plan
serves as the successor to Kana's 1997 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan which
terminated in connection with the initial public offering of our common stock
on September 21, 1999.
All outstanding options under the 1997 plan at the time
of such termination were transferred to the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.

 
Equity Incentive Programs

   The 1999 Stock Incentive Plan consists of five separate equity incentive
programs: (i) the discretionary option grant program, (ii) the stock issuance
program, (iii) the salary investment option grant program, (iv) the automatic
option grant program for non-employee board members and (v) the director fee
option grant program.
The principal features of each program are described
below.
The compensation committee of Kana's board of directors will have the
exclusive authority to administer the discretionary option grant and stock
issuance programs with respect to option grants and stock issuances made to
Kana's executive officers and non-employee board members and will also have the
authority to make option grants and stock issuances under those programs to all
other eligible individuals.
However, Kana's board of directors may at any time
appoint a secondary committee of one or more board members to have separate but
concurrent authority with the compensation committee to make option grants and
stock issuances under those two programs to individuals other than executive
officers and non-employee board members.
The compensation committee will also
have complete discretion to select the individuals who are to participate in
the salary investment option grant program, but all grants made to the selected
individuals will be governed by the express terms of that program.

   
The term plan administrator, as used in this summary, will mean Kana's
compensation committee and any secondary committee, to the extent each such
entity is acting within the scope of its administrative authority under the
1999 Stock Incentive Plan.
However, neither the compensation committee nor any
secondary committee will exercise any administrative discretion under the
automatic option grant or director fee option grant program.
All grants under
those programs will be made in strict compliance with the express provisions of
such programs.

 
Share Reserve

   At present, 35,982,428 shares of Kana's common stock are reserved for
issuance over the term of the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.
Such share reserve
consists of (i) the 9,400,000 shares initially reserved for issuance under the
1999 Stock Incentive Plan (including the shares of Kana's common stock subject
to the outstanding options under the predecessor 1997 plan which have been
transferred to the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan) plus (ii) the additional
2,583,100 shares added to the reserve plan on January 3, 2000 pursuant to the
automatic share increase provisions of the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, plus
(iii) the 10,000,000 share increase approved by the stockholders at the Special
Meeting held on April 25, 2000, plus (iv) the additional 3,999,328 shares added
to the reserve plan on January 2, 2001 pursuant to the automatic share increase
provisions of the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and (v) the 10,000,000 share
increase which is the subject of this proposal.

   
The number of shares of Kana's common stock available for issuance under the
1999 Stock Incentive Plan will automatically increase on the first trading day
of January each calendar year, beginning with calendar year 2000, by an amount
equal to 4.25% of the total number of shares of Kana's outstanding common stock
on the last trading day in December of the immediately preceding calendar year,
but in no event will any such annual increase exceed 4,000,000 shares.
The
proposed amendment will increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by
which the share reserve under the 1999 Share Incentive Plan may automatically
increase each calendar year from 4,000,000 shares to 10,000,000 shares,
effective for all calendar years after 2001.

   
No participant in the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan may receive option grants,
separately exercisable stock appreciation rights or direct stock issuances for
more than 2,000,000 shares of Kana's common stock in total per calendar year,
subject to adjustment for subsequent stock splits, stock dividends and similar
transactions.
Stockholder approval of this proposal will also constitute re-
approval of the 2,000,000-share limitation for purposes of Internal Revenue
Code Section 162(m).

   
The shares of common stock issuable under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan may
be drawn from shares of Kana's authorized but unissued common stock or from
shares of Kana's common stock which it acquires, including shares purchased on
the open market.

   
Shares subject to any outstanding options under the 1999 Stock Incentive
Plan (including options transferred from the 1997 plan) which expire or
otherwise terminate prior to exercise will be available for subsequent
issuance.
Unvested shares issued under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and
subsequently purchased

by Kana, at the option exercise or direct issue price paid per share, pursuant
to Kana's purchase rights under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan will be added
back to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan and will accordingly be available for subsequent issuance.

However, any shares subject to stock appreciation rights exercised under the
1999 Stock Incentive Plan will not be available for reissuance.

 
Eligibility

   Officers and employees, non-employee board members and independent
consultants in Kana's service or in the service of any parent and subsidiary
companies (whether now existing or subsequently established) will be eligible
to participate in the discretionary option grant and stock issuance programs.

Kana's executive officers and other highly paid employees will also be eligible
to participate in the salary investment option grant program.
Participation in
the automatic option grant and director fee option grant programs will be
limited to the non-employee members of Kana's board of directors.

   
As of April 20, 2001, approximately 585 employees, including five executive
officers and five non-employee board members, were eligible to participate in
the discretionary option grant and stock issuance programs.
The five executive
officers were also eligible to participate in the salary investment option
grant program, and the five non-employee board members were also eligible to
participate in the automatic option grant and director fee option grant
programs.

 
Valuation

   The fair market value per share of Kana's common stock on any relevant date
under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan will be deemed to be equal to the closing
selling price per share on that date on the Nasdaq National Market.
On April
20, 2001, the fair market value per share of Kana's common stock determined on
such basis was $1.27.

 
Discretionary Option Grant Program

   
The plan administrator will have complete discretion under the discretionary
option grant program to determine which eligible individuals are to receive
option grants, the time or times when those grants are to be made, the number
of shares subject to each such grant, the status of any granted option as
either an incentive stock option or a non- statutory option under the federal
tax laws, the vesting schedule (if any) to be in effect for the option grant
and the maximum term for which any granted option is to remain outstanding.

   
Each granted option will have an exercise price per share determined by the
plan administrator, and that price may be set at a dollar amount less than,
equal to or greater than the fair market value of the option shares on the
grant date.

   
No granted option may have a term in excess of ten years.
The shares subject
to each option will generally vest in one or more installments over a specified
period of service measured from the grant date.
However, one or more options
may be structured so that they will be immediately exercisable for any or all
of the option shares.
The shares acquired under such immediately exercisable
options will be subject to repurchase by Kana, at the exercise price paid per
share, if the optionee ceases service prior to vesting in those shares.

   
Upon cessation of service, the optionee will have a limited period of time
in which to exercise his or her outstanding options to the extent exercisable
for vested shares.
The plan administrator will have complete discretion to
extend the period following the optionee's cessation of service during which
his or her outstanding options may be exercised and/or to accelerate the
exercisability or vesting of such options in whole or in part.
Such discretion
may be exercised at any time while the options remain outstanding, whether
before or after the optionee's actual cessation of service.

   
The plan administrator is authorized to issue tandem stock appreciation
rights under the discretionary option grant program which will provide the
holders with the right to surrender their options to Kana for an

appreciation distribution.
The amount of the distribution payable by Kana will
be equal to the excess of (a) the fair market value of the vested shares of
Kana's common stock subject to the surrendered option over (b) the aggregate
exercise price payable for those shares.
Such appreciation distribution may, at
the discretion of the plan administrator, be made in cash or in shares of
Kana's common stock.

   
The plan administrator will also have the authority to effect the
cancellation of outstanding options under the discretionary option grant
program (including options transferred from the 1997 plan) in return for the
grant of new options for the same or a different number of option shares with
an exercise price per share based upon the fair market value of Kana's common
stock on the new grant date.

 
Salary Investment Option Grant Program

   Kana's compensation committee will have complete discretion in implementing
the salary investment option grant program for one or more calendar years and
in selecting the executive officers and other eligible individuals who are to
participate in the program for those years.
As a condition to such
participation, each selected individual must, prior to the start of the
calendar year of participation, file with the compensation committee an
irrevocable authorization directing Kana to reduce his or her base salary for
the upcoming calendar year by a specified dollar amount not less than $10,000
nor more than $50,000 and to apply that amount to the acquisition of a special
option grant under the program.

   
Each selected individual who files such a timely election will automatically
be granted a non-statutory option on the first trading day in January of the
calendar year for which that salary reduction is to be in effect.
Stockholder
approval of this proposal will also constitute pre-approval of each option
granted under the salary investment option grant program and the subsequent
exercise of that option in accordance with the terms of the program summarized
below.

   
The number of shares subject to each such option will be determined by
dividing the salary reduction amount by two-thirds of the fair market value per
share of Kana common stock on the grant date, and the exercise price will be
equal to one-third of the fair market value of the option shares on the grant
date.
As a result, the total spread on the option shares at the time of grant
(the fair market value of the option shares on the grant date less the
aggregate exercise price payable for those shares) will be equal to the amount
by which the optionee's salary is to be reduced for the calendar year.
In
effect, the salary reduction serves as a prepayment, as of the time of the
option grant, of two-thirds of the then current market price of the shares of
common stock subject to the option.

   
The option will become exercisable in a series of twelve successive equal
monthly installments upon the optionee's completion of each month of service in
the calendar year for which the salary reduction is in effect and will become
immediately exercisable for all the option shares on an accelerated basis
should Kana experience certain changes in ownership or control.
Each option
will remain exercisable for any vested shares until the earlier of (i) the
expiration of the ten-year option term or (ii) the end of the three-year period
measured from the date of the optionee's cessation of service.

 
Stock Issuance Program

   Shares may be issued under the stock issuance program at a price per share
determined by the plan administrator, and such price may be less than, equal to
or greater than the fair market value of the shares at the time of issuance.

The issue price may be paid in cash or through a full-recourse promissory note.

Shares may also be issued as a bonus for past services without any cash outlay
required of the recipient.
Shares may also be issued under the program pursuant
to share right awards which entitle the recipients to receive those shares upon
the attainment of designated performance goals or the completion of a specified
service requirement.
The plan administrator will have complete discretion under
the program to determine which eligible individuals are to receive such stock
issuances or share right awards, the time or times when those issuances or
awards are to be made, the number of shares subject to each such issuance or
award, the consideration (if any) to be paid for the issued shares and the
vesting schedule to be in effect for the stock issuance or share rights award.

   
The issued shares may be fully and immediately vested upon issuance or may
vest upon the completion of a designated service period or the attainment of
pre-established performance goals.
The plan administrator will, however, have
the discretionary authority at any time to accelerate the vesting of any and
all unvested shares outstanding under the stock issuance program.

   
Outstanding share right awards under the program will automatically
terminate, and no shares will actually be issued in satisfaction of those
awards, if the performance goals or service requirements established for such
awards are not attained.
The plan administrator, however, will have the
discretionary authority to issue shares of Kana's common stock in satisfaction
of one or more outstanding share right awards as to which the designated
performance goals or service requirements are not attained.

 
Automatic Option Grant Program

   Under the automatic option grant program, eligible non-employee members of
Kana's board of directors will receive a series of option grants over their
period of board service.
Each new non-employee board member will, at the time
of his or her initial election or appointment to the board, receive an option
grant for 40,000 shares of Kana's common stock, provided such individual has
not previously been in Kana's employ.
On the date of each annual stockholders
meeting, each individual who is to continue to serve as a non-employee board
member will automatically be granted an option to purchase 10,000 shares of
Kana's common stock, provided he or she has served as a non-employee board
member for at least six months.

   
There will be no limit on the number of such 10,000 share annual option
grants any one eligible non-employee board member may receive over his or her
period of continued board service, and non-employee board members who have
previously been in Kana's employ will be eligible to receive one or more such
annual option grants over their period of board service.

   
Stockholder approval of this proposal will also constitute pre-approval of
each option granted under the automatic option grant program on or after the
date of the annual meeting and the subsequent exercise of each such option in
accordance with the terms of the program summarized below.

   
Each automatic grant will have an exercise price per share equal to the fair
market value per share of Kana's common stock on the grant date and will have a
maximum term of 10 years, subject to earlier termination following the
optionee's cessation of board service.
Each automatic option will be
immediately exercisable for all of the option shares.
However, any unvested
shares purchased under such option will be subject to repurchase by Kana, at
the exercise price paid per share, should the optionee cease board service
prior to vesting in those shares.
The shares subject to each initial 40,000
share automatic option grant will vest in a series of 8 successive equal semi-
annual installments upon the optionee's completion of each 6 month period of
board service over the 48 month period measured from the grant date.
However,
the shares subject to each such initial option grant will immediately vest in
full upon certain changes in control or ownership or upon the optionee's death
or disability while a board member.
The shares subject to each annual 10,000
shares automatic grant will be fully vested at the time of the option grant.

Following the optionee's cessation of board service for any reason, each
automatic option grant will remain exercisable for a 12 month period and may be
exercised during that time for any or all shares in which the optionee is
vested at the time of such cessation of board service.

 
Director Fee Option Grant Program

   
The plan administrator will have complete discretion in implementing the
director fee option grant program for one or more calendar years.
If the
program is implemented, each non-employee board member may elect, prior to the
start of each calendar year, to apply all or any portion of any annual retainer
fee otherwise payable in cash for his or her period of service on the board for
that year to the acquisition of a below-market option grant.
The option grant
will be a nonstatutory option and will automatically be made on the first
trading day in January in the calendar year for which an election is in effect.

The option will have a

maximum term of 10 years measured from the grant date and an exercise price per
share equal to one-third of the fair market value of the option shares on such
date.
The number of shares subject to each option will be determined by
dividing the amount of the retainer fee applied to the acquisition of that
option by two-thirds of the fair market value per share of Kana's common stock
on the grant date.
As a result, the total spread on the option (the fair market
value of the option shares on the grant date less the aggregate exercise price
payable for those shares) will be equal to the portion of the retainer fee
applied to the acquisition of the option.
In effect, the director fee election
serves as a prepayment, as of the time of the option grant, of two-thirds of
the then current market price of the shares of common stock subject to the
option.

   
The option will become exercisable in a series of twelve successive equal
monthly installments upon the optionee's completion of each month of board
service in the calendar year for which the director fee election is in effect,
subject to full and immediate acceleration upon certain changes in control or
ownership or upon the optionee's death or disability while a board member.
Each
option granted under the program will remain exercisable for vested shares
until the earlier of the expiration of the ten-year option term or the
expiration of the three-year period measured from the date of the optionee's
cessation of board service.

 
Limited Stock Appreciation Rights

   Limited stock appreciation rights may be granted under the discretionary
option grant program to one or more of Kana's officers or non-employee board
members as part of their option grants, and each option granted under the
salary investment option grant, automatic option grant and director fee option
grant program will automatically include such a limited stock appreciation
right.
Upon the successful completion of a hostile tender offer for more than
50% of Kana's outstanding voting securities or a change in a majority of Kana's
board of directors as a result of one or more contested elections for board
membership, each outstanding option with a limited stock appreciation right may
be surrendered to Kana in return for a cash distribution.
The amount of the
distribution per surrendered option share will be equal to the excess of (i)
the fair market value per share at the time the option is surrendered or, if
greater, the highest tender offer price paid per share in the hostile take-over
over (ii) the exercise price payable per share under the surrendered option.

 
Predecessor Plan

   All outstanding options under the predecessor 1997 plan which were
transferred to the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan will continue to be governed by
the terms of the agreements evidencing those options, and no provision of the
1999 Stock Incentive Plan will affect or otherwise modify the rights or
obligations of the holders of the transferred options with respect to their
acquisition of Kana's common stock.
However, the plan administrator has
complete discretion to extend one or more provisions of the 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan to the transferred options, to the extent those options do not
otherwise contain such provisions.

 
Stock Awards

   The table below shows, as to Kana's chief executive officer, Kana's four
other most highly compensated executive officers (with base salary and bonus
for the 2000 fiscal year in excess of $100,000) and the other individuals and
groups indicated, the number of shares of common stock subject to option grants
made under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan from September 21, 1999, the effective
date of the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, through April 20, 2001, together with
the weighted average exercise price payable per share.
Kana has not made any
direct stock issuances to date under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.

                                            
Number of Shares  Weighted Average
                                           Underlying Options  Purchase Price
            Name and Position                  Granted (#)     Per Share ($)
            -----------------              ------------------
----------------

James C. Wood.............................         41,599          $15.36
 Current Chief Executive Officer(1)

Michael J. McCloskey......................      1,866,766          $ 0.34
 Former Chief Executive Officer(2)

Nigel K. Donovan..........................      1,137,818          $ 8.94
 Chief Operating Officer

Paul R. Holland...........................        856,506          $ 2.10
 Former Vice President, Worldwide Sales(3)

William R. Phelps.........................        878,430          $ 2.27
 Former Vice President, Professional
 Services(4)


Alexander E. Evans........................        465,100          $17.15
 Former Vice President, International(5)

Robert W. Frick...........................         76,666          $ 6.46
 Nominee for Election as a Director

Kevin Harvey..............................            --              --
 Nominee for Election as a Director

All current executive officers as a group
 (5 persons)..............................      2,453,516          $26.33

All current non-employee directors as a
 group (5 persons)........................        486,728          $ 3.56

All employees, including current officers
 who are not executive officers, as a
 group (approximately 575 persons)........     18,944,630          $29.72

- --------
(1) Mr. Wood joined Kana as a director in April 2000 in connection with Kana's
    acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. and served as Kana's President from
    May 2000 to January 2001.
In January 2001, Mr. Wood became Kana's Chief
    Executive Officer.


(2) Mr. McCloskey served as Kana's Chief Executive Officer from June 1999
    through January 2001.


(3) Mr. Holland served as Kana's Vice President, Worldwide Sales from December
    1997 through December 2000.


(4) Mr. Phelps served as Kana's Vice President, Professional Services from
    December 1998 through April 2001.


(5) Mr. Evans served as Kana's Vice President, International from July 1999
    through April 2001.

   
As of April 20, 2001, 16,229,331 shares of Kana's common stock were subject
to outstanding options under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, and 23,909,588
shares remained available for future issuance, assuming stockholder approval of
the 10,000,000 share increase which is the subject of this proposal.

   
In addition, on April 26, 2001, James C. Wood, Kana's chief executive
officer, who is expected to be chairman of Kana's board of directors following
the merger, and Nigel Donovan, Kana's chief operating officer, who is expected
to become a vice president of Kana following the merger, received options to
purchase Kana common stock.
Mr. Wood received an option to purchase 400,000
shares of Kana common stock that will vest monthly from the grant date over the
next 48 months of his continued service to Kana, and Mr. Donovan received an
option to purchase 200,000 shares of Kana common stock that will vest monthly
from the grant date over the next 24 months of his continued service to Kana.

Both options have an exercise price of $1.08.

 
New Plan Benefits

   No options have been granted to date under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan on
the basis of the share increase which forms part of this proposal.

 
1999 Special Stock Option Plan

   Kana's 1999 Special Stock Option Plan was implemented by the board of
directors in December 1999, and 1,000,000 shares of Kana's common stock have
been reserved for issuance under this plan.
The shares will be made available
from Kana's authorized but unissued shares of common stock or from any common
stock Kana repurchases, whether on the open market or otherwise.
Participation
in the special plan is limited to (i) officers who receive their option grant
under the plan in connection with their commencement of employment with Kana,
whether as a result of Kana's acquisition of their former employer or by reason
of their initial hire, and (ii) employees who are neither officer nor directors
at the time of the option grant.
All options granted under the special plan
will be non-statutory options under the federal tax laws and will not have a
term in excess of ten years.
Kana's compensation committee will serve as the
plan administrator and will have the discretion to grant options under the
special plan with an exercise price less than, equal to or greater than the
fair market value of the option shares on the grant date.
The remaining terms
and provisions of the special plan are substantially the same as those in
effect for the discretionary option grant program of Kana's 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan.
As of April 20, 2001, options for 870,764 shares of Kana's
common stock were outstanding under the special plan with a weighted average
exercise price of $14.24 per share, options for 24,550 shares had been
exercised, and 206,590 shares remained available for future option grant.

 
General Provisions

   Acceleration

   
In the event Kana should undergo a change in control, each outstanding
option under the discretionary option grant program will automatically
accelerate in full, unless assumed or otherwise continued in effect by the
successor corporation or replaced with a cash incentive program which preserves
the spread existing on the unvested option shares (the excess of the fair
market value of those shares over the option exercise price payable for such
shares) and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting
schedule in effect for those option shares.
In addition, all unvested shares
outstanding under the discretionary option grant and stock issuance programs
will immediately vest, except to the extent Kana's repurchase rights with
respect to those shares are to be assigned to the successor corporation or
otherwise continued in effect.
The plan administrator will have complete
discretion to grant one or more options under the discretionary option grant
program which will become exercisable for all the option shares in the event
the optionee's service with Kana or the successor entity is terminated
(actually or constructively) within a designated period following a change in
control transaction in which those options are assumed or otherwise continued
in effect.
The vesting of outstanding shares under the stock issuance program
may also be structured to accelerate upon similar terms and conditions.

   
The plan administrator will have the discretion to structure one or more
option grants under the discretionary option grant program so that those
options will immediately vest upon a change in control, whether or not the
options are to be assumed or otherwise continued in effect.
The plan
administrator may also structure stock issuances under the stock issuance
program so that those issuances will immediately vest upon a change in control.

The shares subject to each option under the salary investment option grant,
automatic option grant and director fee option grant programs will immediately
vest upon any change in control transaction.

   
A change in control will be deemed to occur in the event (i) Kana is
acquired by merger or asset sale, (ii) there is a successful tender offer for
more than 50% of Kana's outstanding voting stock or (iii) there is a change in
the majority of the board effected through one or more contested elections for
board membership.

   
Currently outstanding options under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan contain a
special acceleration provision pursuant to which 25% of the unvested shares
purchased or purchasable under each such option will
immediately vest in the event Kana is acquired by a merger or asset sale and
the optionee is not offered employment with the successor entity.

   
The acceleration of vesting in the event of such a change in control may be
seen as an anti-takeover provision and may have the effect of discouraging a
merger proposal, a takeover attempt or other efforts to gain control of Kana.

 
Stockholder Rights and Option Transferability

   No optionee will have any stockholder rights with respect to the option
shares until the optionee has exercised the option and paid the exercise price
for the purchased shares.
Options are not assignable or transferable other than
by will or the laws of inheritance following optionee's death, and during the
optionee's lifetime, the option may only be exercised by the optionee.
However,
non-statutory options may be transferred or assigned during optionee's lifetime
to one or more members of the optionee's family or to a trust established for
one or more such family members or to the optionee's former spouse, to the
extent such transfer is in connection with the optionee's estate or pursuant to
a domestic relations order.

 
Changes in Capitalization

   In the event any change is made to the outstanding shares of Kana's common
stock by reason of any recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split,
combination of shares, exchange of shares or other change in corporate
structure effected without Kana's receipt of consideration, appropriate
adjustments will be made to (i) the maximum number and/or class of securities
issuable under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, (ii) the maximum number and/or
class of securities for which any one person may be granted stock options,
separately exercisable stock appreciation rights and direct stock issuances
under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan per calendar year, (iii) the number and/or
class of securities for which grants are subsequently to be made under the
automatic option grant program to new and continuing non-employee board
members, (iv) the number and/or class of securities and the exercise price per
share in effect under each outstanding option, (v) the number and/or class of
securities and the exercise price per share in effect under each outstanding
option transferred from the 1997 plan to the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and (vi)
the maximum number and/or class of securities by which the share reserve under
the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan is to increase automatically each year.
Such
adjustments will be designed to preclude any dilution or enlargement of
benefits under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan or the outstanding options
thereunder.

 
Financial Assistance

   The plan administrator may institute a loan program to assist one or more
participants in financing the exercise of outstanding options under the
discretionary option grant program or the purchase of shares under the stock
issuance program through full-recourse interest-bearing promissory notes.

However, the maximum amount of financing provided any participant may not
exceed the cash consideration payable for the issued shares plus all applicable
taxes incurred in connection with the acquisition of those shares.

 
Special Tax Election

   The plan administrator may provide one or more holders of options or
unvested share issuances under the Stock Incentive Plan with the right to have
Kana withhold a portion of the shares otherwise issuable to these individuals
in satisfaction of the withholding taxes to which these individuals become
subject in connection with the exercise of those options or the vesting of
those shares.
Alternatively, the plan administrator may allow these individuals
to deliver previously acquired shares of common stock in payment of such
withholding tax liability.

 
Amendment and Termination

   The board may amend or modify the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan at any time,
subject to any required stockholder approval pursuant to applicable laws and
regulations.
Unless sooner terminated by the board, the Stock Incentive Plan
will terminate on the earliest of (i) June 30, 2009, (ii) the date on which all
shares available for issuance under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan have been
issued as fully-vested shares or (iii) the termination of all outstanding
options in connection with changes in control or ownership.

 
Federal Income Tax Consequences

  Option Grants

   Options granted under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan may be either incentive
stock options which satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code or non-statutory options which are not intended to meet such
requirements.
The Federal income tax treatment for the two types of options
differs as follows:

   Incentive Options.
No taxable income is recognized by the optionee at the
time of the option grant, and no taxable income is generally recognized at the
time the option is exercised.
The optionee will, however, recognize taxable
income in the year in which the purchased shares are sold or otherwise made the
subject of a taxable disposition.
For Federal tax purposes, dispositions are
divided into two categories: (i) qualifying and (ii) disqualifying.
A
qualifying disposition occurs if the sale or other disposition is made more
than 2 years after the date the option for the shares involved in such sale or
disposition is granted and more than 1 year after the date the option is
exercised for those shares.
If those two requirements are satisfied at the time
of the sale or disposition, then a disqualifying disposition will result.

   
Upon a qualifying disposition, the optionee will recognize long-term capital
gain in an amount equal to the excess of (i) the amount realized upon the sale
or other disposition of the purchased shares over (ii) the exercise price paid
for the shares.
If there is a disqualifying disposition of the shares, then the
excess of (i) the fair market value of those shares on the exercise date over
(ii) the exercise price paid for the shares will be taxable as ordinary income
to the optionee.
Any additional gain or loss recognized upon the disposition
will be recognized as a capital gain or loss by the optionee.

   
If the optionee makes a disqualifying disposition of the purchased shares,
then Kana will be entitled to an income tax deduction, for the taxable year in
which such disposition occurs, equal to the excess of (i) the fair market value
of such shares on the option exercise date over (ii) the exercise price paid
for the shares.
If the optionee makes a qualifying disposition, then Kana will
not be entitled to any income tax deduction.

   
Non-Statutory Options.
No taxable income is recognized by an optionee upon
the grant of a non-statutory option.
The optionee will in general recognize
ordinary income, in the year in which the option is exercised, equal to the
excess of the fair market value of the purchased shares on the exercise date
over the exercise price paid for the shares, and the optionee will be required
to satisfy the tax withholding requirements applicable to such income.

   
If the shares acquired upon exercise of the non-statutory option are
unvested and subject to repurchase by Kana in the event of the optionee's
termination of service prior to vesting in those shares, then the optionee will
not recognize any taxable income at the time of exercise but will have to
report as ordinary income, as and when Kana's repurchase right lapses, an
amount equal to the excess of (i) the fair market value of the shares on the
date the repurchase right lapses over (ii) the exercise price paid for the
shares.
The optionee may, however, elect under Section 83(b) of the Internal
Revenue Code to include as ordinary income in the year of exercise of the
option an amount equal to the excess of (i) the fair market value of the
purchased shares on the exercise date over (ii) the exercise price paid for
such shares.
If the Section 83(b) election is made, the optionee will not
recognize any additional income as and when the repurchase right lapses.

   
Kana will be entitled to an income tax deduction equal to the amount of
ordinary income recognized by the optionee with respect to the exercised non-
statutory option.
The deduction will in general be allowed for Kana's taxable
year in which ordinary income is recognized by the optionee.

 
Stock Appreciation Rights

   No taxable income is recognized upon receipt of a stock appreciation right.

The holder will recognize ordinary income, in the year in which the stock
appreciation right is exercised, in an amount equal to the excess of the fair
market value of the underlying shares of common stock on the exercise date over
the base price in effect for the exercised right, and the holder will be
required to satisfy the tax withholding requirements applicable to such income.

   
Kana will be entitled to an income tax deduction equal to the amount of
ordinary income recognized by the holder in connection with the exercise of the
stock appreciation right.
The deduction will be allowed for Kana's taxable year
in which ordinary income is recognized.

 
Direct Stock Issuances

   The tax principles applicable to direct stock issuances under the 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan will be substantially the same as those summarized above for the
exercise of non-statutory option grants.

 
Deductibility of Executive Compensation

   Kana anticipates that any compensation deemed paid by it in connection with
the disqualifying disposition of incentive stock option shares or the exercise
of non-statutory options with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of
the option shares on the grant date will qualify as performance-based
compensation for purposes of Code Section 162(m) and will not have to be taken
into account for purposes of the $1 million limitation per covered individual
on the deductibility of the compensation paid to certain of Kana's executive
officers.
Accordingly, all compensation deemed paid with respect to those
options will remain deductible by Kana without limitation under Code Section
162(m).
However, any compensation deemed paid by Kana in connection with the
exercise of options granted to those executive officers with a below-market
exercise price will not qualify as performance-based compensation and will be
subject to the $1 million per person limitation on the deductibility of the
compensation paid to those officers.

 
Accounting Treatment

   Option grants under the discretionary option grant and automatic option
grant programs with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the
option shares on the grant date will not result in any direct charge to Kana's
reported earnings.
However, the fair value of those options is required to be
disclosed in the notes to Kana's financial statements, and Kana must also
disclose, in footnotes to its financial statements, the pro-forma impact those
options would have upon its reported earnings were the fair value of those
options at the time of grant treated as a compensation expense.
In addition,
the number of outstanding options may be a factor in determining Kana's
earnings per share on a fully-diluted basis.

   
Option grants or stock issuances made under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan
with exercise or issue prices less than the fair market value of the shares on
the grant or issue date will result in compensation expense to Kana in an
amount equal to the excess of the fair market value over the exercise or issue
price.
The expense must be amortized against Kana's earnings over the period
that the option shares or issued shares are to vest.
Option grants made to non-
employee consultants (but not non-employee board members) will result in a
direct charge to Kana's reported earnings based upon the fair value of the
option measured initially as of the grant date and then subsequently on the
vesting date of each installment of the underlying option shares.
The charge
will accordingly include the appreciation in the value of the option shares
over the period between the grant date of the option and the vesting date of
each installment of the option shares.

   
In addition, any options which are repriced under the 1999 Stock Incentive
Plan will also trigger a direct charge to Kana's reported earnings measured by
the appreciation in the value of the underlying shares between the grant of the
repriced option and the date the repriced option is exercised for those shares
or otherwise terminates unexercised.

   
Should one or more individuals be granted tandem stock appreciation rights
under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, then these rights would result in a
compensation expense to be charged against Kana's reported earnings.

Accordingly, at the end of each fiscal quarter, the amount (if any) by which
the fair market value of the shares of common stock subject to these
outstanding stock appreciation rights has increased from the prior quarter-end
would be accrued as compensation expense, to the extent the fair market value
is in excess of the aggregate exercise price in effect for those rights.

 
Vote Required

   The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the shares of common stock
present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting and entitled to vote is
required for approval of the proposed amendment to the 1999 Stock Incentive
Plan.
Should such stockholder approval not be obtained, then the 10,000,000
shares increase to the share reserve and the increase in the limit on the
annual automatic share reserve increase to 10,000,000 shares under the 1999
plan will not be implemented.
The 1999 plan will, however, continue in effect,
and option grants and direct stock issuances may continue to be made under the
1999 plan until all the shares of common stock available for issuance under the
1999 plan, as in effect prior to the share increase which is the subject of
this proposal, have been issued pursuant to option grants and direct stock
issuances.

 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors

   KANA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS DEEMS THIS PROPOSAL TO BE IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE
AMENDMENT OF KANA'S 1999 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN.


Proposal to Amend and Restate Kana's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

 Introduction

   Kana's stockholders are being asked to approve an amendment and restatement
of Kana's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan which will effect the following
changes: (i) increase the number of shares of common stock issuable under the
term of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan by an additional 10,000,000
shares of common stock, from 2,122,507 shares to 12,122,507 shares, (ii)
increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the share reserve
under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan may automatically increase each
calendar year from 666,666 shares to 4,000,000 shares, effective for all
calendar years after the 2001 calendar year, (iii) implement a series of
overlapping twenty-four (24)-month offering periods beginning at semi-annual
intervals each year, (iv) establish a series of semi-annual purchase dates
within each such offering period, (v) increase the limit on the maximum number
of shares of common stock purchasable in total by all participants on any one
purchase date from 250,000 shares to 1,000,000 shares and (vi) revise certain
provisions of the plan document in order to facilitate the administration of
the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

   
The purpose of the amendment and restatement is to ensure that Kana will
continue to have a sufficient reserve of common stock available under the 1999
Employee Stock Purchase Plan to provide eligible employees of Kana and its
participating affiliates (whether now existing or subsequently established)
with the opportunity to purchase shares of common stock at semi-annual
intervals through their accumulated periodic payroll deductions.

   
The 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was adopted by the board on July 7,
1999 and approved by the Kana stockholders on August 16, 1999.
The 1999
Employee Stock Purchase Plan became effective on September 21, 1999, in
connection with the initial public offering of Kana's common stock.
The
amendment and restatement of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan which is the
subject of this proposal was adopted by the Kana Board of Directors in April
2001, subject to the approval of the Kana stockholders at the annual meeting.

   
The terms and provisions of the amended and restated 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan are summarized below.
This summary, however, does not purport to
be a complete description of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
A copy of
the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix XIII.

   
All share numbers in this proposal reflect the two-for-one split of the
common stock which was effected on February 22, 2000 through the payment of a
dividend of one additional share of common stock for every share of common
stock outstanding on January 28, 2000.

 
Description of the Purchase Plan

  Administration

   The 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is administered by the compensation
committee of the board.
Such committee, as plan administrator, has full
authority to adopt administrative rules and procedures and to interpret the
provisions of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

 
Securities Subject to the Purchase Plan

   The maximum number of shares of common stock currently reserved for issuance
over the term of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is currently limited to
2,122,507 shares.
As of April 20, 2001, 492,539 shares of common stock have
been issued under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 1,630,148 shares were
available for future issuance under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
If
this Proposal is approved at the annual meeting, then the total number of
shares available for issuance will be increased to 5,622,507 shares.

   
In addition, the share reserve under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
will automatically increase on the first trading day of January each calendar
year by an amount equal to 0.75% of the total number of shares of common stock
outstanding on the last trading day of December in the immediately preceding
calendar year, but in no event will any such annual increase exceed 4,000,000
shares.
Should the Kana stockholders not approve this proposal, then the limit
on such annual increase will remain at 666,666 shares.

   
The shares issuable under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan may be made
available from authorized but unissued shares of Kana's common stock or from
shares of common stock repurchased by Kana, including shares repurchased on the
open market.

   
In the event that any change is made to the outstanding common stock
(whether by reason of any recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split,
exchange or combination of shares or other change affecting the outstanding
common stock as a class without Kana's receipt of consideration), appropriate
adjustments will be made to (i) the maximum number and class of securities
issuable under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (ii) the maximum number
and class of securities by which the share reserve is to increase automatically
each year, (iii) the maximum number and class of securities purchasable per
participant on any one semi-annual purchase date, (iv) the maximum number and
class of securities purchasable in total by all participants on any one
purchase date and (v) the number and class of securities and the price per
share in effect under each outstanding purchase right.
Such adjustments will be
designed to preclude any dilution or enlargement of benefits under the 1999
Employee Stock Purchase Plan or the outstanding purchase rights thereunder.

 
Offering Periods

   Shares of common stock are currently offered under the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan through a series of successive offering periods, each with a
maximum duration of 24 months.
However, the initial offering period began on
September 21, 1999 and is scheduled to end on the last business day in October
2001.
Should the fair market value per share of common stock on any remaining
purchase date within that offering period (April 30, 2001 or October 31, 2001)
be less than the fair market value per share on the start date of the two-year
offering period, then that offering period will automatically terminate, and a
new two-year offering period will begin on the next business day, with all
participants in the terminated offering to be automatically transferred to the
new offering period.

   
If stockholder approval of this proposal is obtained, then the common stock
will be offered for purchase under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
through a series of overlapping offering periods, each with a maximum duration
of 24 months.
Such offering periods are expected to begin on the first business
day of May and on the first business day of November each year over the
remaining term of the plan.
Accordingly, we expect to have 2 separate offering
periods in each calendar year the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

remains in effect.
However, the initial offering period under this new
arrangement is expected to begin on November 1, 2001 and is expected to end on
the last business day in October 2003.

   
Each offering period is expected to consist of a series of one or more
successive purchase intervals.
Purchase intervals are expected to run from the
first business day in May to the last business day in October each year and
from the first business day in November each year to the last business day in
April in the immediately succeeding year.

 
Automatic Restart Provisions

   
If the fair market value per share of common stock on any semi-annual
purchase date within a particular offering period is less than the fair market
value per share of common stock on the start date of that offering period, then
the participants in that offering period will automatically be transferred from
that offering period after the semi-annual purchase of shares on their behalf
and enrolled in the new offering period which begins on the next business day
following such purchase date.

 
Eligibility and Participation

   Any individual who is employed on a basis under which he or she is regularly
expected to work for more than 20 hours per week for more than five months per
calendar year in the employ of Kana or any participating parent or subsidiary
corporation (including any corporation which subsequently becomes such at any
time during the term of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan) is eligible to
participate in the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

   
An individual who is an eligible employee on the start date of any offering
period may join that offering period at that time.
However, an eligible
employee may not participate in more than one offering period at a time.

   
As of April 20, 2001, approximately 580 employees, including five executive
officers, were eligible to participate in the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan.

 
Purchase Price

   The purchase price of the common stock purchased on behalf of each
participant in the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on each semi-annual
purchase date will be equal to 85% of the lower of (i) the fair market value
per share of common stock on the start date of the offering period in which the
participant is enrolled or (ii) the fair market value on the semi-annual
purchase date.

   
The fair market value per share of common stock on any particular date under
the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be deemed to be equal to the closing
selling price per share on such date on the Nasdaq National Market.
On April
12, 2001, the closing selling price per share of common stock on the Nasdaq
National Market was $1.32.
For the current offering period which began on
September 21, 1999 in connection with the initial public offering of the common
stock, the fair market value per share was deemed to be $7.50 (post-split), the
price per share at which the common stock was sold pursuant to the underwriting
agreement for that offering.

 
Payroll Deductions and Stock Purchases

   Each participant may authorize periodic payroll deductions in any multiple
of 1% up to a maximum of 15% of his or her total cash compensation (base salary
plus bonus, overtime and commissions) to be applied to the acquisition of
common stock at semi-annual intervals.
Accordingly, on each semi-annual
purchase date (the last business day in April and October each year), the
accumulated payroll deductions of each participant will automatically be
applied to the purchase of whole shares of common stock at the purchase price
in effect for the participant for that purchase date.

 
Special Limitations

   The 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan imposes certain limitations upon a
participant's rights to acquire common stock, including the following
limitations:

  .
Purchase rights granted to a participant may not permit such individual
    to purchase more than $25,000 worth of common stock (valued at the time
    each purchase right is granted) for each calendar year those purchase
    rights are outstanding at any time.

  .
Purchase rights may not be granted to any individual if such individual
    would, immediately after the grant, own or hold outstanding options or
    other rights to purchase, stock possessing 5% or more of the total
    combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of Kana or any of
    its affiliates.

  .
No participant may purchase more than 1,500 shares of common stock on any
    one purchase date.

  .
The maximum number of shares of common stock purchasable in total by all
    participants on any one purchase date within the current offering period
    which began on September 21, 1999 is limited to 250,000 shares for each
    offering period commencing subsequent to the approval of the share
    increase proposal and will be increased to 1,000,000 shares or such other
    limit as may be determined by the plan administrator for each purchase
    date within each subsequent offering period.

 
Withdrawal Procedure and Termination of Purchase Rights

   The participant may withdraw from an offering period at any time and elect
to have his or her accumulated payroll deductions for the semi-annual purchase
interval in which such withdrawal occurs either applied to the purchase of
shares on the next semi-annual purchase date or refunded.

   
The participant's purchase right will immediately terminate upon his or her
cessation of employment or loss of eligible employee status.
Any payroll
deductions which the participant may have made for the semi-annual purchase
interval in which such cessation of employment or loss of eligibility occurs
will be refunded and will not be applied to the purchase of common stock.

 
Stockholder Rights

   No participant will have any stockholder rights with respect to the shares
covered by his or her purchase rights until the shares are actually purchased
on the participant's behalf.
No adjustment will be made for dividends,
distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of
such purchase.

 
Assignability

   Purchase rights are not assignable or transferable by the participant, and
the purchase rights are exercisable only by the participant.

 
Change in Control or Ownership

   In the event Kana is acquired by merger, sale of all or substantially all of
Kana's assets or sale of securities possessing more than 50% of the total
combined voting power of Kana's outstanding securities, all outstanding
purchase rights will automatically be exercised immediately prior to the
effective date of such acquisition.
The purchase price in effect for each
participant will be equal to 85% of the lower of (a) the fair market value per
share of common stock on the start date of the offering period in which the
participant is enrolled at the time such acquisition occurs or (b) the fair
market value per share of common stock immediately prior to such acquisition.

The limitation on the maximum number of shares purchasable in total by all
participants on any one purchase date will not be applicable to any purchase
date attributable to such an acquisition.

 
Share Pro-Ration

   Should the total number of shares of common stock to be purchased pursuant
to outstanding purchase rights on any particular date exceed the number of
shares then available for issuance under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
then the Plan Administrator will make a pro-rata allocation of the available
shares on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis, and the payroll deductions of
each participant, to the extent in excess of the aggregate purchase price
payable for the common stock pro-rated to such individual, will be refunded.

 
Amendment and Termination

   The 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will terminate upon the earliest of
(a) the last business day in October 2009, (b) the date on which all shares
available for issuance thereunder are sold pursuant to exercised purchase
rights or (c) the date on which all purchase rights are exercised in connection
with an acquisition of Kana.

   
The Board may at any time alter, suspend or terminate the 1999 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan.
However, the Board may not, without stockholder approval,
(a) increase the number of shares issuable under the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan, (b) alter the purchase price formula so as to reduce the
purchase price or (c) modify the requirements for eligibility to participate in
the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

 
Plan Benefits

   The table below shows, as to the listed individuals and specified groups,
the number of shares of common stock purchased under the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan between September 21, 1999, the start date of the current
offering period under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and October 31,
2000, the most recent purchase date, together with the weighted average
purchase price paid per share.
Non-employee directors are not eligible to
participate in the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

                                                                    
Weighted
                                                       Number of    Average
                                                       Purchased Purchase Price
                  Name and Position                     Shares   Per Share ($)
                  -----------------                    ---------
--------------

James C. Wood........................................       --          --
 Current Chief Executive Officer

Michael J. McCloskey.................................     2,638      $6.375
 Former Chief Executive Officer

Nigel K. Donovan.....................................       --          --
 Chief Operations Officer

Paul R. Holland......................................     2,638      $6.375
 Former Vice President, Worldwide Sales

William R. Phelps....................................     2,638      $6.375
 Former Vice President, Professional Services

Alexander E. Evans...................................     2,683      $6.375
 Former Vice President, International

All current executive officers as a group (5
 persons)............................................     1,765      $15.19

All employees, including current officers who are not
 executive officers, as a group (approximately 575
 persons)............................................   491,541      $ 8.58

 New Plan Benefits

   No purchase rights have been granted, and no shares have been issued, on the
basis of the share increase which form a part of this Proposal.

 
Federal Tax Consequences

   The 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is intended to be an "employee stock
purchase plan" within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code.

Under a plan which so qualifies, no taxable income will be recognized by a
participant, and no deductions will be allowable to Kana, upon either the grant
or the exercise of the purchase rights.
Taxable income will not be recognized
until there is a sale or other disposition of the shares acquired under the
1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan or in the event the participant should die
while still owning the purchased shares.

   
If the participant sells or otherwise disposes of the purchased shares
within 2 years after the start date of the offering period in which such shares
were acquired or within 1 year after the actual semi-annual purchase date of
those shares, then the participant will recognize ordinary income in the year
of sale or disposition equal to the amount by which the fair market value of
the shares on the purchase date exceeded the purchase price paid for those
shares, and Kana will be entitled to an income tax deduction, for the taxable
year in which such disposition occurs, equal in amount to such excess.
The
participant will also recognize capital gain equal to the amount by which the
sale price exceeded the sum of the aggregate purchase price and the ordinary
income recognized.

   
If the participant sells or disposes of the purchased shares more than 2
years after the start date of the offering period in which the shares were
acquired and more than 1 year after the actual semi-annual purchase date of
those shares, then the participant will recognize ordinary income in the year
of sale or disposition equal to the lesser of (i) the amount by which the fair
market value of the shares on the sale or disposition date exceeded the
purchase price paid for those shares or (ii) 15% of the fair market value of
the shares on the start date of that offering period; and any additional gain
upon the disposition will be taxed as a long-term capital gain.
Kana will not
be entitled to an income tax deduction with respect to such disposition.

   
If the participant still owns the purchased shares at the time of death, the
lesser of (i) the amount by which the fair market value of the shares on the
date of death exceeds the purchase price or (ii) 15% of the fair market value
of the shares on the start date of the offering period in which those shares
were acquired will constitute ordinary income in the year of death.

 
Accounting Treatment

   Under current accounting principles applicable to employee stock purchase
plans qualified under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code, the issuance of
common stock under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will not result in a
compensation expense chargeable against Kana's reported earnings.
However, Kana
must disclose, in pro-forma statements to Kana's financial statements, the
impact the purchase rights granted under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
would have upon Kana's reported earnings were the fair value of those purchase
rights treated as compensation expense.

 
Vote Required

   The affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting shares of Kana
present or represented and entitled to vote at the annual meeting is required
for approval of the amendment and restatement of the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan.
Should such stockholder approval not be obtained, then neither
the proposed 10,000,000-share increase to the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
nor the higher limit on the maximum automatic share increase per year will be
implemented, and any purchase rights granted on the basis of those two
amendments will terminate immediately.
No additional purchase rights will be
granted on the basis of those amendments, and the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan as in effect immediately prior to those two proposed amendments will
remain in effect until the shares in the existing share reserve have been
issued.

   
The Board believes that it is in the best interests of Kana to continue to
provide employees with the opportunity to acquire an ownership interest in Kana
through their participation in the 1999 Employee Stock

Purchase Plan and thereby encourage them to remain in Kana's employ and more
closely align their interests with those of the stockholders.

 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors

   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE
APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE 1999 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE
PLAN.


Election of Directors

   Kana's board of directors is divided into three classes designated Class I,
Class II and Class III.
The number of directors is determined from time to time
by the board of directors and is currently fixed at nine members.
A single
class of directors is elected each year at the annual meeting.
Subject to
transition provisions, each director elected at each such meeting will serve
for a term ending on the date of the third annual meeting of stockholders after
his election and until his successor has been elected and duly qualified.
At
this year's annual meeting, Class II directors will stand for re-election.

   
In order to achieve the composition of directors contemplated by the merger,
the following actions will take place depending on whether the merger is
approved:

  .
Whether or not the merger is approved, Messrs. Hahn and Holloway will not
    seek reelection as Class II directors in 2001, Mr. Wood will retain his
    position as a Class
I director and Kana stockholders will be asked to
    elect Messrs. Frick and Harvey as Class II directors at this annual
    meeting.

  .
If the merger is approved, following the vote upon the merger and his
    election as a Class II director, Mr. Frick will immediately resign as a
    Class I director.
In addition, immediately prior to the closing of the
    merger, Messrs. Beirne and Jurvetson will resign from their posts as
    Class I directors, Mr. Bay will be appointed by the board to fill a
    vacancy in the post of Class III director and Mr. Zarrabian will be
    appointed by the board to fill a vacancy in the post of Class
I director.

  .
If the merger is not approved, Messrs. Harvey and Frick will resign as
    Class II directors immediately following the meeting.
The Kana board
    will, as soon as practicable thereafter, find replacement directors who
    will be appointed to take their respective places as Class II directors
    to serve until Kana's 2004 annual meeting and until their successors are
    duly elected and qualified.
In addition, Messrs. Frick, Beirne and
    Jurvetson will retain their respective posts as Class I directors.

   
Set forth below is certain information concerning the nominees, the expected
appointees if the merger is approved and the incumbent directors:

 Directors to be Elected at the 2001 Annual Meeting

   Robert W. Frick, age 63, served as one of Kana's directors since August
1999.
Mr. Frick previously served as the Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief
Financial Officer and head of the World Banking Group for Bank of America, as
Managing Director of BankAmerica International, and as President of Bank of
America's venture capital subsidiary.
He is now retired.
Mr. Frick previously
served as a director of Connectify, Inc. from its founding to its acquisition
by Kana, and he currently serves on the board of directors of six private
companies.
Mr. Frick holds a B.S. in Civil Engineering and an M.B.A. from
Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.
Mr. Frick has agreed in writing
to resign as a Class II director immediately following this year's annual
meeting if the merger is not approved.

   
Kevin Harvey, age 36, has served as a member of the board of directors of
Broadbase since January 1996.
Mr. Harvey has been a managing member of
Benchmark Capital, a venture capital firm, since it was founded in January
1995.
Mr. Harvey is also a director of Red Hat Software, a developer and
provider of open source

software and services, Ashford.com, an Internet retailer, Critical Path, an e-
mail hosting services company and several privately held companies.
Mr. Harvey
holds a B.S. degree in electrical engineering from Rice University.
Mr. Harvey
has agreed in writing to resign as a Kana director following this year's
annual meeting if the merger is not approved.

 
Director Whose Term Expires in 2002
   James C. Wood, age 44, joined Kana in April 2000 as a director in
connection with Kana's acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. and served as
Kana's President from May 2000 until he was appointed as Kana's Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors in January 2001.
Mr.
Wood founded Silknet in March 1995 and served as its Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer.
From January 1988 until November 1994,
Mr. Wood served as President and Chief Executive Officer of CODA Incorporated,
a subsidiary of CODA Limited, a financial accounting software company.
Mr.
Wood also served as a director of CODA Limited from November 1988 until
November 1994.
Mr. Wood holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Villanova
University.

 
Director Whose Term will Expire in 2002 Following His Appointment to the
 Board if the Merger is Approved

   Chuck Bay, age 43, will be appointed as a director effective upon the
closing of the merger.
From January 1998 to present, Mr. Bay has served as the
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Broadbase.
Mr.
Bay previously served as Broadbase's Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel
and Executive Vice President of Operations.
From July 1997 to January 1998, he
served as Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel for Reasoning, Inc., a
software company.
From January 1995 to August 1997, he served as Chief
Financial Officer and General Counsel, for Pure Atria Software, Inc., a
software company.
Mr. Bay holds a B.S. degree in business administration from
Illinois State University and a J.D. degree from the University of Illinois.

 
Director Whose Term will Expire in 2003 Following His Appointment to the
 Board if the Merger is Approved

   Massood Zarrabian, age 52, will be appointed as a director effective upon
the closing of the merger.
Since December 2000, Mr. Zarrabian has served as
the President, E-Service Division of Broadbase.
From July 1999 until its
acquisition by Broadbase in December 2000, he held various positions with
Servicesoft, a customer relationship management software company, including
most recently Chief Executive Officer, President and director.
From January
1999 to July 1999, he served as Vice President of Product Operations, and from
October 1998 to January 1999 as Vice President of Product Development, at
Lewtan Technologies, Inc., a software company specializing in securitized
transactions.
From July 1997 to October 1998, he held various positions with
Cayenne Software, Inc., a case tools company, including most recently as
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
From February 1994 to
July 1996, he held the positions of Vice President, Research and Development
and Vice President, Product Operations at Cayenne's predecessor company,
Bachman Information Systems.
Mr. Zarrabian holds a B.S. degree in civil
engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

 
Directors Whose Terms Will Expire in 2003 if the Merger is not Approved

   David M. Beirne, age 36, has served as one of Kana's directors since
September 1997.
Mr. Beirne has been a Managing Member of Benchmark Capital, a
venture capital firm, since June 1997.
Prior to joining Benchmark Capital, Mr.
Beirne founded Ramsey/Beirne Associates, an executive search firm, and served
as its Chief Executive Officer from 1987 to June 1997.
Mr. Beirne serves on
the board of directors of Scient Corporation, PlanetRx.com, Inc., Webvan
Group, Inc., 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and several private companies.
Mr. Beirne
holds a B.S. in Management from Bryant College.

   
Steven T. Jurvetson, age 33, has served as one of Kana's directors since
April 1997.
Mr. Jurvetson has been a Managing Director of Draper Fisher
Jurvetson, a venture capital firm, since June 1995.
Prior to joining

Draper Fisher Jurvetson, from July 1990 to September 1993, Mr. Jurvetson served
as a consultant with Bain & Company, a management consulting firm.
Mr.
Jurvetson served as a research and development engineer at Hewlett-Packard
during the summer months from June 1987 to August 1989.
Mr. Jurvetson serves on
the boards of directors of Cognigine Corporation, FastParts, Inc., iTv Corp.,
Tacit Knowledge Corporation, Third Voice, Inc., ReleaseNow.com Corporation,
Everdream Corporation and Vivaldi Networks, Inc.
Mr. Jurvetson holds a B.S. and
an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from
the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

 
The Board of Directors and Committees

   Kana's board of directors held seven meetings during fiscal year 2000.
The
board of directors has an audit committee and a compensation committee.
Each
director participated in 75% or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number
of meetings of the board of directors and (ii) the total number of meetings
held by all committees of the board on which such director served during 2000,
except for Mr. Jurvetson (71.4% attendance).

   
The audit committee of Kana's board currently consists of three directors,
Dr. Holloway and Messrs. Frick and Jurvetson, and met seven times in 2000.
The
audit committee reviews and supervises Kana's financial controls, including the
selection of its auditors, reviews the books and accounts, meets with its
officers regarding its financial controls, acts upon recommendations of the
auditors and takes any further actions the audit committee deems necessary to
complete an audit of its books and accounts, as well as addressing other
matters that may come before Kana or as directed by the board.

   
The audit committee is composed of outside directors who are not officers or
employees of Kana.
In the opinion of Kana's board of directors, and as
independent is defined by the standards of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, these directors are free of any relationship that would
interfere with their exercise of independent judgement as members of this
committee.
The Kana board of directors has adopted a written charter for the
audit committee, a copy of which is attached as Appendix XIV to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

   
The compensation committee currently consists of two directors, Messrs.
Beirne and Hahn.
The compensation committee met three times during fiscal year
2000.
The compensation committee reviews and approves the compensation and
benefits for Kana's executive officers, administers Kana's stock plans and
performs other duties as may from time to time be determined by the board.

 
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

   During 2000, Kana's compensation committee consisted of Messrs. Beirne and
Hahn.
Neither Mr. Beirne nor Mr. Hahn was an employee of Kana nor any of its
subsidiaries during 2000 or at any time prior to 2000.
None of Kana's executive
officers serves on the board of directors or compensation committee of any
entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board
of directors or compensation committee.

 
Director Compensation

   Kana does not currently compensate any non-employee member of the board of
directors.
Directors who are also employees do not receive additional
compensation for serving as directors.

   
Non-employee directors are eligible to receive discretionary option grants
and stock issuances under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.
In addition, under the
1999 Stock Incentive Plan, each new non-employee director will receive an
automatic option grant for 40,000 shares upon his or her initial appointment or
election to the board, and continuing non-employee directors will receive an
automatic option grant for 10,000 shares on the date of each annual meeting of
stockholders.

   
In October 2000, Kana granted each of its non-employee directors, Messrs.
Beirne, Frick, Jurvetson, Hahn and Holloway, an option to purchase 10,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $19.50 per share.
Such option
grants occurred automatically pursuant to Kana's 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.

Such options were fully vested and immediately exercisable on the grant date.

 
Closing Condition to the Merger

   Please note that it is a closing condition to the consummation of the merger
that Mr. Harvey be elected a member of the Kana board of directors.

Accordingly, if you vote in favor of the merger, you are urged to elect Messrs.
Harvey and Frick as directors so that the closing of the merger is not delayed
or foreclosed.

 
Required Vote

   
The proposal to elect two directors to Kana's board of directors requires
the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the shares of Kana common
stock entitled to vote that are present or represented at the annual meeting
and entitled to vote on such proposal.

 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors

   KANA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF MESSRS.
FRICK AND HARVEY.


Other Matters

   Kana knows of no other matters that will be presented for consideration at
the annual meeting.
If any other matters properly come before the annual
meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy
to vote the shares they represent as Kana's board of directors may recommend.

Discretionary authority with respect to such other matters is granted by the
execution of the enclosed proxy.

                         
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

Overview and Philosophy

   Kana's compensation committee is responsible for establishing the
compensation payable to Kana's executive officers, including the named
executive officers.
Such compensation is primarily comprised of the following
elements: base salary, stock options and benefits.

   
It is the committee's objective that executive compensation be directly
influenced by Kana's business results.
Accordingly, Kana's executive
compensation program is structured to stimulate and reward exceptional
performance that results in enhanced corporate and stockholder values.
Industry
compensation surveys are also reviewed in the committee's assessment of
appropriate compensation levels.

   
The committee recognizes that the highly-specialized industry sector in
which Kana operates is extremely competitive world-wide, with the result that
there is substantial demand for high-caliber, seasoned executives.
It is
crucial that the compensation committee be assured of retaining and rewarding
Kana's executive personnel essential in contributing to the attainment of
Kana's performance goals.
For these reasons, the committee believes Kana's
executive compensation arrangements must remain competitive with other e-
business providers.


Cash Compensation

   A key objective of Kana's executive compensation program is to position
Kana's key executives to earn annual cash compensation (base salary plus bonus)
generally comparable to that which the executive would earn at other companies
in the industry.

   
Base salaries for Kana's executive officers are established considering a
number of factors, including the recommendation of Kana's CEO, Kana's growth
and profit margins, the executive's performance and contribution to Kana's
overall performance, and the salary levels of comparable positions reported in
industry surveys.
The committee adheres to a compensation philosophy of
moderate levels of fixed compensation such as base salary.
Base salary
decisions are made as part of a formal review process.
Bonuses are provided in
accordance with the executive's written agreement where one is in place.

Otherwise, bonuses are paid on a discretionary basis based upon individual
performance.


Stock Options

   The committee grants stock options under its 1999 Stock Incentive Plan to
provide direct linkage with stockholder interests.
The committee considers the
recommendation of Kana's CEO, stock options previously granted to that
individual, industry practices, the executive's performance and accountability
level, and assumed, potential stock value when determining stock option grants.

The committee relies upon competitive guideline ranges of retention-effective,
target gain objectives to be derived from option gains based upon relatively
aggressive assumptions relating to planned growth and earnings.
In this manner,
the potential executive's gains parallel those of other stockholders over the
long-term.
Therefore, the stock option program serves as Kana's only long-term
incentive and retention tool for executives and other key employees.
Stock
options provide an incentive to executives to maximize long term profitable
growth which ordinarily, over time, should be reflected in the price of Kana's
stock.


Benefits

   Kana offers to its executives benefits that are substantially the same as
the benefits offered to all Kana employees.


Chief Executive Officer Performance and Compensation

   In setting the total compensation payable to Mr. McCloskey, who served as
Kana's Chief Executive Officer for the 2000 fiscal year, the compensation
committee sought to make that compensation competitive with the compensation
paid to the Chief Executive Officers of the companies in Kana's industry, while
at the same time assuring that a significant percentage of compensation was
tied to Kana's performance and stock price appreciation.
In addition, the
compensation committee decided that in connection with Mr. McCloskey's
resignation for health reasons in January 2001, Kana would not exercise its
right of repurchase of unvested shares.
The compensation committee determined
that it would provide this benefit to Mr. McCloskey in recognition of his
service to Kana and medical condition and in lieu-of a substantial cash
severance payment.

   
The compensation committee determined the base salary of Mr. Wood, Kana's
current Chief Executive Officer, for the 2001 fiscal year in recognition of his
personal performance and with the objective of maintaining his base salary at a
competitive level with similarly situated Chief Executive Officers.
With
respect to Mr. Wood's base salary, it is the compensation committee's intent to
provide him with a level of stability and certainty each year and not have this
particular component of compensation affected to any significant degree by
Kana's performance factors.

   
The compensation committee awarded a stock option grant to Mr. Wood in
fiscal 2000 in order to provide him with an equity incentive to continue
contributing to Kana's financial success.
The option will have value for Mr.
Wood only if the market price of the underlying option shares appreciates over
the market price in effect on the date the grant was made.


Compliance with Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m)

   Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, enacted in 1993, generally
disallows a tax deduction to publicly held companies for compensation exceeding
$1 million paid to certain of the corporation's executive officers.
The
compensation to be paid to any of Kana's executive officers for fiscal year
2000 did not exceed the $1 million limit per officer, nor is it expected that
the compensation to be paid to any of Kana's executive officers for fiscal year
2001 will exceed that limit.
Kana's 1999 plan is structured so that any
compensation deemed paid to an executive officer when he exercises an
outstanding option under the 1999 plan with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the option shares on the grant date will qualify as
performance-based compensation which will not be subject to the $1 million
limitation.
Because it is very unlikely that the cash compensation payable to
any of Kana's executive officers in the foreseeable future will approach the
$1 million limit, the compensation committee has decided at this time not to
take any other action to limit or restructure the elements of cash compensation
payable to Kana's executive officers.
The compensation committee will
reconsider this decision should the individual compensation of any executive
officer ever approach the $1 million level.

   
It is the opinion of the committee that the adopted executive compensation
policies and plans provide the necessary total remuneration program to properly
align Kana's performance and the interests of Kana's stockholders with
competitive and equitable executive compensation in a balanced and reasonable
manner, for both the short and long-term.

                                          
Submitted by the Compensation
                                           Committee
                                          of the Board of Directors

                                          David M. Beirne
                                          Eric A. Hahn

                            AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

   
The following is the report of the audit committee with respect to Kana's
audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000,
which include Kana's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2000 and
1999, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2000, and the notes thereto.
The information contained in
this report shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed"
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be
incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the 1934 Securities Exchange Act, as amended, except to
the extent that Kana specifically incorporates it by reference in such filing.


Audit and Non-Audit Fees

   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, fees for services provided by
Kana's independent auditors were as follows:

   .  
Audit........................................................... $302,000

   .  
Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation.........
$    --

   .  
Other Fees...................................................... $316,000

Review with Management

   The audit committee has reviewed and discussed Kana's audited financial
statements with management.


Review and Discussions with Independent Accountants

   The audit committee has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Kana's
independent accountants, the matters required to be discussed by SAS 61
(Codification of Statements on Accounting Standards) which includes, among
other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of Kana's financial
statements.

   
The audit committee has also received written disclosures and the letter
from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP required by Independence Standards Board
Standard No. 1 (which relates to the accountant's independence from Kana and
its related entities) and has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP their
independence from Kana.


Conclusion

   Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the committee
recommended to Kana's board of directors that the audited financial statements
be included in Kana's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000.

                                         
Submitted by the Audit Committee
                                         of the Board of Directors

                                         Robert W. Frick, Chairman
                                         Charles A Holloway, Ph.D
                                         Steven T. Jurvetson

                            STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH

   The graph depicted below shows a comparison of Kana's cumulative total
stockholder returns, the Nasdaq Stock Market Index and the Chase H & Q Internet
100 Index.

                
COMPARISON OF 15 MONTH CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
                        AMONG KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.,
                      THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET (U.S.) INDEX
                    AND THE JP MORGAN H&Q INTERNET 100 INDEX

                              
[PERFORMANCE GRAPH]

- --------
(1) The graph covers the period from September 22, 1999, the commencement date
    of Kana's initial public offering of shares of common stock to December 31,
    2000.


(2) The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 3, 2000 in Kana's
    common stock, and in the Nasdaq Stock Market Index and the Chase H & Q
    Internet 100 Index on January 3, 2000, and that all dividends were
    reinvested.
No cash dividends have been declared on Kana's common stock.


(3) The performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should
    not be considered an indication of future performance.

   
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of Kana's previous
filings made under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate future filings made by
Kana under those statutes, neither the preceding Stock Performance Graph, the
compensation committee report nor the audit committee report is to be
incorporated by reference into any such prior filings, nor shall such graph or
report be incorporated by reference into any future filings made by Kana under
those statutes.

                               
MANAGEMENT OF KANA

Executive Officers and Directors of Kana

   The following table sets forth information regarding Kana's current
executive officers and directors (with ages as of December 31, 2000):

    Name                 Age                            Position
    ----                 ---                            --------

James C. Wood...........  44 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
David B. Fowler.........  
47 President
Nigel K. Donovan........  45 Chief Operating Officer
Art M. Rodriguez........  45 Interim Chief Financial Officer
Toya A. Rico............  40 Chief Personnel Officer
David M. Beirne.........  
36 Director
Robert W. Frick.........  63 Director
Eric A. Hahn............  40 Director
Charles A. Holloway,
 Ph.D...................  64 Director
Steven T. Jurvetson.....  
33 Director

   James C. Wood.
See page 122

   David B. Fowler.
Mr. Fowler joined Kana in connection with Kana's
acquisition of Silknet and served as Kana's Vice President, Corporate Marketing
from April 2000 until he was appointed as Kana's President in January 2001.

Prior to joining Kana, from April 1999 to April 2000, Mr. Fowler served as Vice
President--Marketing of Silknet.
From April 1995 to March 1999, Mr. Fowler
served as Vice President--Sales and Marketing for Gradient Technologies, a
software company.
From December 1993 to March 1995, Mr. Fowler served as Vice
President--Sales and Marketing for FTP Software.
Mr. Fowler holds a B.S. in
Computer Science from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an M.B.A. from New
York University.

   
Nigel K. Donovan.
Mr. Donovan joined Kana in connection with Kana's
acquisition of Silknet and served as Kana's Vice President, Development from
April 2000 until he was appointed as Kana's Chief Operating Officer in January
2001.
Prior to joining Kana, from February 1999 to April 2000, Mr. Donovan
served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Silknet.
From
November 1995 to February 1999, Mr. Donovan served as Silknet's Vice
President--Professional Services.
From November 1996 to October 1998, he also
served as Silknet's Treasurer and from May 1997 to October 1998 as its Chief
Financial Officer.
In addition, Mr. Donovan served as director of Silknet from
October 1996 to February 1999.
From March 1988 until October 1995, Mr. Donovan
served as Vice President--Professional Services of CODA Incorporated.
Mr.
Donovan holds a B.A. in Accounting and Finance from the London School of
Business Studies.

   
Art M. Rodriguez.
Mr. Rodriguez joined Kana in July 2000 as Kana's Vice
President of Finance and currently serves as the interim Chief Financial
Officer.
Prior to joining Kana, Mr. Rodriguez spent 15 years in various
financial positions at Hewlett Packard Co., most recently as the controller for
the Customer Service & Support Group.
Before his work at Hewlett Packard, Mr.
Rodriguez served as a Captain in the United States Marine Corps.
Mr. Rodriguez
holds an M.B.A. from the University of California at Los Angeles.

   
Toya A. Rico.
Ms. Rico joined Kana in January 2000 as Vice President, Human
Resources and was appointed as Kana's Chief Personnel Officer in January 2001.

Prior to joining Kana, from October 1996 through May 1999, Ms. Rico served as
Director, Human Resources at Adaptec, Inc., a bandwidth management company.

From September 1996 through May 1998, Ms. Rico served in a variety of human
resources management positions at 3Com Corporation, a computer networking
company.
Ms. Rico holds a B.A. in Communications from California State
University, San Francisco.

   
David M. Beirne.
See page 122

   Robert W. Frick.
See page 121

   Eric A. Hahn.
Mr. Hahn has served as one of Kana's directors since June
1998.
Mr. Hahn is a founding partner of Inventures Group, a venture capital
firm.
From November 1996 to June 1998, Mr. Hahn served as the Executive Vice
President and later as the Chief Technical Officer of Netscape Communications
Corporation and served as a member of Netscape's Executive Committee.
Mr. Hahn
also served as General Manager of Netscape's Server Products Division,
overseeing Netscape's product development and marketing activities for
enterprise Internet, intranet and extranet servers, from November 1995 to
November 1996.
Prior to joining Netscape, from February 1993 to November 1995,
Mr. Hahn was founder and Chief Executive Officer of Collabra Software, Inc., a
groupware provider that was acquired by Netscape.
Mr. Hahn holds a B.S. and
Ph.D. in Computer Science from the Worcester Polytechnic Institute.

   
Dr. Charles A. Holloway.
Dr. Holloway has served as one of Kana's directors
since December 1996.
Dr. Holloway holds the Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers
Professorship in Management at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and has
been a faculty member of the Stanford Graduate School of Business since 1968.

Dr. Holloway is also currently co-director of the Stanford Center for
Entrepreneurial Studies at the Graduate School of Business.
Dr. Holloway was
the founding co-chair of the Stanford Integrated Manufacturing Association, a
cooperative effort between the Graduate School of Business and the School of
Engineering, that focuses on research and curriculum development in
manufacturing and technology.
Dr. Holloway serves on the board of directors of
several private companies.
Dr. Holloway holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering
from the University of California at Berkeley and an M.S. in Nuclear
Engineering and Ph.D. in Business Administration from the University of
California at Los Angeles.

   
Steven T. Jurvetson.
See page 122

Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

   The members of the board of directors, Kana's executive officers and persons
who hold more than 10% of Kana's outstanding common stock are subject to the
responding requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, which require them to file with respect to their ownership of
the common stock and their transactions in such common stock.
Based upon (1)
the copies of Section 16(a) reports which Kana received from such persons for
their 2000 transactions in the common stock holdings , and (ii) the written
representations received from one or more of such persons that no annual Form 5
reports were required to be filed by them for 2000, Kana believes that the
executive officer and the board members complied with all their reporting
requirements under section 16(a) in 2000 except were follows: the five non-
employee directors (Messrs, Beirne, Frick, Hahn, Holloway, and Jurvetson) did
not did not file timely 5s to report the non-employee director option that was
automatically granted on the date of Kana's annual stockholder meeting held on
October 4, 2000; Joseph Ansanelli, Ian Cavanagh, Nigil Donovan, David Fowler,
Michael Wolfe and James Wood filed late Form 4s; James Wood, Nigil Donovan and
Eric Carlson filed late Forms 3s.


Kana's Executive Compensation

                       Kana's Summary Compensation Table

   
The following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation
earned for the year ended December 31, 2000, by the individual who served as
Kana's Chief Executive Officer during 2000, by the individual who is currently
serving as Kana's Chief Executive Officer and by each of Kana's four other most
highly compensated current executive officers whose salary and bonus for 2000
exceeded $100,000.
The listed individuals are referred to in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Kana's Named Executive Officers.
No other executive
officers who otherwise would have been includable in this table on the basis of
salary and bonus earned during 2000 has been excluded because they terminated
employment or changed their executive status during the year.

   
The salary figures include amounts the employees invested into Kana's tax-
qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.

However, compensation in the form of perquisites and other personal benefits
that constituted less than the lesser of either $50,000 or 10% of the total
annual salary and bonus of each of Kana's Named Executive Officers in 2000 is
excluded.
The option grants reflected in the table below for 2000 were made
under Kana's 1999 Stock Option Issuance Plan.

                                                                   
Long-Term
                                                                  Compensation
                                                                     Awards
                                            Annual Compensation    Securities
                                          -----------------------  Underlying
       Name and Principal Position        Year Salary($) Bonus($) Options (#)
       ---------------------------        
---- ---------
-------- ------------

James C. Wood............................ 2000  200,000   75,000         100
 Chief Executive Officer (1)              1999  186,122  100,000      41,499(2)
                                          1998  140,881      --          --

Michael J. McCloskey (3)................. 2000  150,000      --      375,100(4)
 Former Chief Executive Officer           1999   81,250      --    1,866,666

Nigel K. Donovan......................... 2000  180,000  100,000     200,100
 Chief Operations Officer                 1999  158,290  100,000      45,000(2)
                                          1998  120,750      --       74,700(2)

Paul R. Holland (5)...................... 2000  156,250  393,098     195,100(6)
 Former Vice President, Worldwide Sales   1999   75,000  721,600         --
                                          1998   75,000  139,022

William R. Phelps........................ 2000  200,000   60,000     195,100(7)
 Vice President, Professional Services    1999  130,000   56,000     413,330
                                          1998    8,917      --          --

Alexander E. Evans....................... 2000  149,886  250,979      65,100
 Former Vice President, International (8) 1999   63,115   53,928     400,000

- --------
(1) Mr. Wood joined Kana as a director in April 2000 in connection with Kana's
    acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. and served as Kana's President from
    May 2000 to January 2001.
In January 2001, Mr. Wood became Kana's Chief
    Executive Officer.


(2) Options granted to Messrs. Wood and Donovan prior to Kana's fiscal year
    2000 were granted pursuant to the stock incentive plans for Silknet that
    have been assumed by Kana.


(3) Mr. McCloskey served as Kana's Chief Executive Officer from June 1999
    through January 2001.


(4) A 375,000 share option granted to Mr. McCloskey on April 19, 2000 was
    cancelled on October 25, 2000.


(5) Mr. Holland served as Kana's Vice President, Worldwide Sales from December
    1997 through December 2000.


(6) A 150,000 share option granted to Mr. Holland on February 22, 2000 was
    cancelled on October 25, 2000.


(7) A 150,000 share option granted to Mr. Phelps on February 22, 2000 was
    cancelled on October 25, 2000.


(8) Mr. Evans joined Kana in July 1999.
Mr. Evan's cash compensation was
    converted from U.K. currency to U.S. currency based upon an average
    exchange rate of 1.51703 for 2000 and 1.6178 for 1999.


Kana's Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year

   The following table sets forth information with respect to stock options
granted to each of Kana's Named Executive Officers in 2000.
Kana granted
options to purchase up to a total of approximately 21,787,000 shares to
employees during the year (including grants made by Silknet in 2000), and the
table's percentage column shows how much of that total was granted to Kana's
Named Executive Officers.
No stock appreciation rights were granted to Kana's
Named Executive Officers during 2000.

   
The table includes the potential realizable value over the 10-year term of
the options, based on assumed rates of stock price appreciation of 5% and 10%,
compounded annually.
The potential realizable value is calculated based on the
initial public offering price of the common stock, assuming that price
appreciates at the indicated rate for the entire term of the option and that
the option is exercised and sold on the last day of its term at the appreciated
price.
All options listed have a term of 10 years.
The stock price appreciation
rates of 5% and 10% are assumed pursuant to the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
Kana can give no assurance that the actual stock price
will appreciate over the 10-year option term at the assumed 5% and 10% levels
or at any other defined level.
Actual gains, if any, on stock option exercises
will be dependent on the future performance of Kana's common stock.
Unless the
market price of the common stock appreciates over the option term, no value
will be realized from the option grants made to Kana's Named Executive
Officers.

   
The option grants to Kana's Named Executive Officers were made under Kana's
1999 Stock Incentive Plan.
The exercise price for each option grant is equal to
the fair market value of Kana's common stock on the date of grant.
See "Kana's
Employment Arrangements, Termination of Employment Arrangements and Change in
Control Arrangements."

Option Grants in 2000

                                                                           Potential Realizable
                                                                             Value at Assumed
                                                                           Annual Rates of Stock
                          Number of    % of Total                           Price Appreciation
                         Securities     Options       Individual Grant      for Option Term (1)
                         Underlying    Granted to  -----------------------
---------------------
                           Options    Employees in   Exercise   Expiration
          Name           Granted (#)  Fiscal Year  Price ($/Sh)    
Date      5% ($)    10% ($)
          ----           -----------  
------------
------------ ----------
---------- ----------

James C. Wood...........       
100          *           10.00    04/19/10       5,404      9,197
Michael J. McCloskey....   375,000(2)     1.7         39.3125    04/19/10   9,271,282 23,495,250
                               100          *           10.00    04/19/10       5,404      9,197
Nigel K. Donovan........   
200,000          *         39.3125    04/19/10   4,944,684  2,530,800
                               100          *           10.00    04/19/10       5,404      9,197
                           100,000          *           15.25    10/18/10
Paul R. Holland.........   150,000(2)       *        129.6875     2/22/10  12,233,966 31,003,271
                            45,000          *         39.3125    04/19/10   1,112,554  2,819,430
                               100          *           10.00    04/19/10       5,404      9,197
William R. Phelps.......   150,000(2)       *        129.6875     2/22/10  12,233,966 31,003,271
                            45,000          *         39.3125    04/19/10   1,112,554  2,819,430
                               100          *           10.00    04/19/10       5,404      9,197
Alexander E. Evans......    
50,000          *        129.6875     2/22/10   4,077,989 10,334,424
                            15,000          *         39.3125    04/19/10     370,851     39,810
                               100          *           10.00    04/19/10       5,404      9,197

- --------
 * denotes less than one percent (1%).


(1) The exercise prices of all options granted in fiscal year 2000 are well
    above the last close price of Kana's common stock of $1.08 on April 26,
    2001.


(2) This option was cancelled by the optionholder on October 25, 2000.

   
In addition, on April 26, 2001, James C. Wood, Kana's chief executive
officer, who is expected to be chairman of Kana's board of directors following
the merger, and Nigel Donovan, Kana's chief operating officer,

who is expected to become a vice president of Kana following the merger,
received options to purchase Kana common stock.
Mr. Wood received an option to
purchase 400,000 shares of Kana common stock that will vest monthly from the
grant date over the next 48 months of his continued service to Kana, and Mr.
Donovan received an option to purchase 200,000 shares of Kana common stock that
will vest monthly from the grant date over the next 24 months of his continued
service to Kana.
Both options have an exercise price of $1.08.


Kana's Aggregated Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Values

   The following table sets forth the number of shares underlying exercisable
and unexercisable options held by Kana's Named Executive Officers at the end of
2000, and the value of such options.
None of Kana's Named Executive Officers
exercised any options during 2000, other than Mr. Donovan.
None of them
exercised any stock appreciation rights during 2000, and none held any stock
appreciation rights at the end of the year.

   
The value realized is based on the fair market value of Kana's common stock
on the date of exercise, minus the exercise price payable for the shares,
except in the event of a same day sale transaction, in which case the actual
sale price is used.
With the exception of an option to purchase 100 shares
granted to all of Kana's employees on April 19, 2000, the exercise price for
each grant equaled the fair market value on the date of exercise.
None of such
100 share option grants were exercised by any of Kana's Named Executive
Officers, so Kana's Named Executive Officers did not realize any value on the
exercise of any stock option in 2000.

                                                       
# of Securities
                          Number of                Underlying Unexercised     Value of Unexercised
                           Shares                  Options/SARs at Fiscal   in-the-Money Options/SARs
                         Acquired on                    Year-End (#)         at Fiscal Year-End ($)
                          Exercise      Value     -------------------------
-------------------------
   Name                      (#)     Realized ($) Exercisable Unexercisable Exercisable Unexercisable
   ----                  -----------
------------ -----------
------------- -----------
-------------

James C. Wood...........         0            0      24,309       17,290           150           0
Michael J. McCloskey....         0            0         100            0           150           0
Nigel K. Donovan........   100,000    3,772,100     482,319      329,739     5,619,697     129,978
Paul R. Holland.........         0            0         100       45,000           150           0
William R. Phelps.......         0            0         100       45,000           150           0
Alexander E. Evans......         0            0     400,100       65,000     3,700,150           0

   KANA'S EMPLOYMENT ARRANGEMENTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND
                         CHANGE IN CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS

   In February 1997, Dr. Holloway, one of Kana's directors, exercised an option
to purchase 106,666 shares of common stock and entered into a stock purchase
agreement for the purchase of those shares.
At the time of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, these shares were fully vested.

   
In April 1998, Mr. Holland, Kana's former Vice President, Worldwide Sales,
exercised an option to purchase 811,406 shares of common stock and entered into
a stock purchase agreement for the purchase of those shares.
To the extent the
shares are unvested at the time of his termination of service, Kana will have
the right to repurchase those shares at the exercise price paid per share.

Under the stock purchase agreement, if Kana is acquired by merger or asset
sale, Kana's right to repurchase the unvested shares will automatically lapse
in its entirety, and the shares will vest in full, unless the repurchase right
is assigned to the successor entity.
In addition, if Kana is acquired by merger
or asset sale and Mr. Holland is not offered comparable employment by the
successor entity, Kana's right to repurchase the unvested shares will
automatically lapse and the shares will vest in full.

   
In July 1998, Mr. Hahn, one of Kana's directors, exercised an option to
purchase 150,064 shares of common stock and entered into a stock purchase
agreement for the purchase of those shares.
To the extent the shares are
unvested at the time of his termination of service, Kana will have the right to
repurchase those shares at the exercise price paid per share.
Under the stock
purchase agreement, if Kana is acquired by merger or asset sale, Kana's right
to repurchase the unvested shares will automatically lapse in its entirety and
the shares will vest in full.

   
Also in July 1998, Dr. Holloway, one of Kana's directors exercised an option
to purchase 53,332 shares of common stock and entered into a stock purchase
agreement for the purchase of those shares.
To the extent the shares are
unvested at the time of his termination of service, Kana will have the right to
repurchase those shares at the exercise price paid per share.
Under the stock
purchase agreement, if Kana is acquired by merger or asset sale, Kana's right
to repurchase all of the unvested shares will automatically lapse in its
entirety, and the shares will vest in full, unless the repurchase right is
assigned to the successor entity.
In addition, if Kana is acquired by merger or
asset sale and Dr. Holloway does not provide services to the successor entity,
25% of the unvested shares will vest and no longer be subject to repurchase.

   
In February and June 1999, Mr. Phelps, Kana's Vice President, Professional
Services, exercised options to purchase a total of 413,330 shares of common
stock and entered into a stock purchase agreement for the purchase of those
shares.
To the extent the shares are unvested at the time of his termination of
service, Kana will have the right to repurchase those shares at the exercise
price paid per share.
Under the stock purchase agreement, if Kana is acquired
by merger or asset sale, Kana's right to repurchase the unvested shares will
automatically lapse in its entirety, and the shares will vest in full, unless
the repurchase right is assigned to the successor entity.
In addition, if Kana
are acquired by merger or asset sale and Mr. Phelps is not offered employment
by the successor entity, 25% of the unvested shares will vest and no longer be
subject to repurchase.

   
In June 1999, Kana entered into an employment arrangement with Mr.
McCloskey, Kana's former Chief Executive Officer.
In connection with this
arrangement, Kana granted Mr. McCloskey an option to purchase up to 1,866,666
shares of common stock, which Mr. McCloskey exercised in June 1999.
Of these
shares, 1,119,999 are subject to a right of repurchase granted to Kana that
will allow Kana to repurchase those shares at the option exercise price paid
per share, to the extent those shares are unvested at the time of his
termination of service.
Under the stock purchase agreement and the terms of Mr.
McCloskey's employment arrangement, the unvested shares will vest in a series
of 48 successive equal monthly installments upon his completion of each month
of service over the 48-month period measured from June 17, 1999.
However, all
or part of the shares will vest on an accelerated basis, following a change of
control of Kana, under the various circumstances.
Michael McCloskey resigned as
chief executive officer in January 2001 due to the discovery of a medical
condition that prevented him from continuing to serve in such capacity.
In
March 2001, Mr. McCloskey resigned as an employee of the Company.
In addition,
the Board of Directors approved the acceleration of the 871,111 shares that
remained unvested under his option grant.

   
In August 1999, Kana granted an option to purchase 66,666 fully vested
shares of common stock to Mr. Frick, one of its directors, at an exercise price
of $4.50 per share, that he exercised in full in September 1999.

   
Generally, Kana's option grants to employees, other than those under the
1999 Special Stock Option Plan, provide that if Kana is acquired by merger or
asset sale and the employee is not offered employment by the successor entity,
then 25% of any unvested shares held by that individual will vest and no longer
be subject to repurchase.

                          
CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OF KANA

Sales of Securities by Kana

   Since January 2000, Kana has been a party to several transactions in which
the amount involved exceeded $60,000 and in which any of its directors or
executive officers, any holder of more than 5% of its outstanding capital stock
or any member of their immediate families had a direct or indirect material
interest.

   
These transactions include:

   On April 19, 2000, Kana closed a merger with Silknet Software, Inc.,
pursuant to which Silknet became Kana's wholly-owned subsidiary.
In connection
with the acquisition of Silknet, approximately 33 million shares

of common stock, valued at approximately $4.2 billion, were issued or reserved
for issuance for all outstanding shares, warrants and options of Silknet.
In
connection with the acquisition, Mr. Wood, a founder and the Chairman of the
Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Silknet, became one of our
directors.


Loans to and Other Arrangements with Kana's Officers and Directors

   In connection with the option exercises described under "Kana's Employment
Arrangements, Termination of Employment Arrangements and Change of Control
Arrangements," the following officers and directors delivered five-year full
recourse promissory notes, bearing interest at an annual rate of 5.7%, except
in the case of Mr. Frick whose note bears interest at an annual rate of 6.0%,
in amounts and with the balances indicated:

                                                        Original      Amount
                                                       Amount of  Outstanding at
                                                       Promissory  December 31,
    Officer or Director                                   Note         2000
    -------------------                                ----------
--------------

   Michael J. McCloskey(1)...........................   $630,000     $686,500
   Robert W. Frick...................................    299,997      323,489
   William R. Phelps(2)..............................     
79,000       17,155
   Ian P. Cavanagh...................................    900,000      974,772

- --------
(1) $304,500 remained outstanding as of March 8, 2001.


(2) This loan had been paid in full as of March 8, 2001.

   
Kana entered into an employment arrangement with Mr. McCloskey, its former
Chief Executive Officer.
See "Kana's Employment Arrangements, Termination of
Employment Arrangements and Change in Control Arrangements.
"

   Kana has granted options to its executive officers and directors.
See
"Management of Kana--Kana's Director Compensation" and "--Kana's Executive
Compensation.
"

   In connection with the termination of Mr. McCloskey's employment, Kana
agreed to accelerate the vesting of Mr. McCloskey's unvested shares as of
January 2001.

   
Kana has entered into an indemnification agreement with each of its
executive officers and directors containing provisions that may require it,
among other things, to indemnify its executive officers and directors against
liabilities that may arise by reason of Kana's status or service as executive
officers or directors (other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct
of a culpable nature) and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any
proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.

                         PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF KANA

   The table below sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of
Kana's common stock as of February 28, 2001, by the following individuals or
groups:

  
.each person or entity who is known by Kana to own beneficially more than
     five percent of Kana's outstanding stock;

  .each of Kana's Named Executive Officers;

  .each of Kana's directors; and

  .all current directors and executive officers as a group.

   
Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based on
94,345,305 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2001, as
adjusted to include all options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2001
held by the particular stockholder and that are included in the first column.

   
Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address of each of the
stockholders below is c/o Kana Communications, Inc., 740 Bay Road, Redwood
City, CA 94063.
Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable
community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them.

                                                      
Number of    Percentage
                                                        Shares     of Shares
                                                     Beneficially Beneficially
     Name and Address of Beneficial Owner             Owned (#)    Owned (%)
     ------------------------------------            
------------ ------------

Entities affiliated with Draper Fisher
 Jurvetson(1).......................................   7,875,162       8.3
Entities affiliated with Benchmark Capital Partners
 L.P.(2)............................................   
6,927,511       7.3
Entities affiliated with CMG @Ventures II LLC.......   4,700,759       5.0
Michael J. McCloskey................................   1,870,604       2.0
James C. Wood.......................................   2,471,646       2.6
Paul R. Holland(3)..................................     
759,844         *
William R. Phelps(4)................................     379,768         *
Alexander E. Evans..................................     
426,021         *
Nigel K. Donovan....................................     
585,161         *
Steven T. Jurvetson(1)..............................   
8,215,331       8.7
David M. Beirne(2)(5)...............................   7,309,190       7.7
Eric A. Hahn(6).....................................     397,705         *
Dr. Charles A. Holloway.............................     103,748         *
Robert W. Frick.....................................     157,034         *
Kevin Harvey........................................         --        --
All current directors and executive officers as a
 group (10 persons).................................  19,373,634      20.5

- --------
 * Less than one percent.

(1) Principal address is 400 Seaport Court, Suite 250, Redwood City, CA 94063.
    
Includes 7,335,461 shares of common stock held by Draper Fisher Associates
    Fund IV, L.P., 506,821 shares of common stock held by Draper Fisher
    Partners IV, LLC and 32,880 shares of common stock held by Draper Richards
    L.P.
Mr. Jurvetson disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares, except
    to the extent of his pecuniary interest in the Draper Fisher Jurvetson
    Funds.


(2) Principal address is 2480 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park, CA 94025.
    
Includes 6,436,773 shares of common stock held by Benchmark Capital
    Partners, L.P., and 490,738 shares of common stock held by Benchmark
    Founders' Fund L.P. Mr. Beirne, one of Kana's directors, is a Managing
    Member of Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC.
Mr. Beirne disclaims
    beneficial ownership of these shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary
    interest in the Benchmark funds.


(3) Includes 26,666 shares of common stock held by The Paul Holland Grantor
    Retained Annuity Trust, 26,666 shares of common stock held by The Linda
    Yates Holland Grantor Retained Annuity Trust, 53,332 shares of common stock
    held by the Yates/Holland 1999 Irrevocable Trust, 513,910 shares of common
    stock held by The Yates/Holland Family Trust and 133,332 shares of common
    stock held by Paul Holland and Linda Yates as community property.
Includes
    135,235 shares of common stock subject to Kana's right of repurchase.
This
    repurchase right lapses with respect to 16,904 shares per month.


(4) Includes 26,278 shares of common stock held by The William Phelps Grantor
    Retained Annuity Trust, 27,478 shares of common stock held by The Margaret
    Phelps Grantor Retained Annuity Trust and 322,074 shares of common stock
    held by The Phelps Family Trust.
Includes 152,778 shares of common stock
    subject to Kana's right of repurchase.
This repurchase right lapses with
    respect to 7,638 shares per month.
Also includes 25,278 shares of common
    stock subject to Kana's right of repurchase that lapses with respect to 972
    shares per month.


(5) Includes 192,000 shares of common stock held by Ramsey/Beirne Investment
    Pool II, LLC.
Mr. Beirne, one of Kana's directors, was Chief Executive
    Officer of Ramsey/Beirne Associates until June 1997.
Mr. Beirne disclaims
    beneficial ownership of these shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary
    interest in the Ramsey/Beirne Investment Pool II, LLC.


(6) Includes 43,769 shares of common stock subject to Kana's right of
    repurchase.
This repurchase right lapses with respect to 3,126 shares per
    month.

                            
MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

Kana's Market Price Data

   Kana's common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "KANA" since September 22, 1999.
The following table sets forth the high
and low sales prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for Kana common
stock for the periods indicated.

                                                                  
High    Low
                                                                 -------
------

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
   Third Quarter (from September 22, 1999)...................... $ 26.13 $22.78
   Fourth Quarter...............................................  122.50  24.03

   Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2000
   First Quarter................................................  169.81  68.00
   Second Quarter...............................................   
61.88  29.63
   Third Quarter................................................   72.25  22.00
   Fourth Quarter...............................................   28.36   8.84

   Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001
   First Quarter................................................   12.00   1.72
   Second Quarter (through      , 2001).........................


Broadbase's Market Price Data

   Broadbase's common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "BBSW" since September 22, 1999.
The following table sets forth the high
and low sales prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for Broadbase
common stock for the periods indicated.

                                                                   
High   Low
                                                                  ------
------

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
   Third Quarter (from September 22, 1999)....................... $14.59 $ 7.75
   Fourth Quarter................................................  71.38   7.97

   Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2000
   First Quarter.................................................  86.00  32.50
   Second Quarter................................................  41.00  12.63
   Third Quarter.................................................  39.50  12.94
   Fourth Quarter................................................  16.44   5.38

   Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001
   First Quarter.................................................   7.31   1.81
   Second Quarter (through      , 2001)..........................


Recent Closing Prices

   On April 6, 2001, the last trading day before announcement of the proposed
merger, the closing price per share of Kana common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market was $0.88, and the closing price per share of Broadbase common stock on
the Nasdaq National Market was $0.72.
On April 2, 2001, five business days
before announcement of the proposed merger, the closing price per share of Kana
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.34 and the closing price per
share of Broadbase common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.75.
On
       , 2001, the closing prices per share of Kana common stock and Broadbase
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market were $         and $       ,
respectively.

   
Because the market price of Kana common stock is subject to fluctuation, the
market value of the shares of Kana common stock that holders of Broadbase
common stock will receive in the merger may increase or

decrease prior to and following the merger.
Stockholders are urged to obtain
current market quotations for Kana common stock and Broadbase common stock.
No
assurance can be given as to the future prices or markets for Kana common stock
or Broadbase common stock.

                                    
EXPERTS

   The financial statements of Kana Communications, Inc. as of December 31,
2000 and for the year ended December 31, 2000 incorporated in this registration
statement by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kana
Communications, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2000 have been so
incorporated in reliance on the report (which contains an explanatory paragraph
relating to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern as described
in Note 1 to the financial statements) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

   
The consolidated financial statements of Broadbase Software, Inc. appearing
in Broadbase Software, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent
auditors, as set forth in their report thereon included therein and
incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the
authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The consolidated financial statements of Kana Communications, Inc. as of
December 31, 1999 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 1999 have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon
the report KPMG LLP, independent certified public accountants given on the
authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The consolidated financial statements of Silknet Software, Inc. as of June
30, 1999 and 1998 and for each of the three years in the period ended June 30,
1999 incorporated in this registration statement by reference to the Current
Report on Form 8-K/A of Kana Communications, Inc. filed on May 8, 2000 have
been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

   
The consolidated financial statements of Servicesoft, Inc. as of December
31, 1999 and 1998 and for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 1999 incorporated in this registration statement by reference to the
Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Broadbase Software, Inc. filed on February 8,
2001 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

   
The validity of the shares of Kana common stock offered by this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the federal income tax consequences in connection with
the merger will be passed upon for Kana by Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP,
Palo Alto, California.
Attorneys of the firm Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 29,146 shares of Kana's common
stock.
Certain legal matters with respect to federal income tax consequences in
connection with the merger will be passed upon for Broadbase by Fenwick & West
LLP, Palo Alto, California.
Fenwick & West LLP and certain of its partners own
an aggregate of 61,758 shares of Broadbase common stock, and Fenwick & West LLP
holds an option to purchase 20,000 shares of Broadbase common stock.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Kana and Broadbase file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Stockholders may read and copy any reports, statements or other information
filed by Kana or Broadbase at the Commission's public reference rooms in
Washington, D.C., New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois.
Please call the
Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
rooms.
Kana's and Broadbase's filings with the Commission are also available to
the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the Web site
maintained by the Commission at http://www.sec.gov.

   
Kana has filed a registration statement with the Commission to register the
Kana common stock to be issued to Broadbase stockholders in the merger.
This
joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement and
constitutes a proxy statement and prospectus of Kana in addition to being a
proxy statement of Broadbase for use at its special meeting.

   
Kana has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Kana, and Broadbase has supplied all
information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to
Broadbase.
Neither Kana nor Broadbase warrants the accuracy or completeness of
information relating to the other.

   
Stockholders can obtain any of the reports referenced above through Kana,
Broadbase or the Commission.
Documents are available from Kana or Broadbase
without charge, excluding all exhibits.
Stockholders may obtain such documents
by requesting them orally or in writing to the following addresses or by
telephone:

  Kana Communications, Inc.                      Broadbase Software, Inc.
  Investor Relations                             Investor Relations
  740 Bay Road                                   181 Constitution Road
  Redwood City, CA 94063                         Menlo Park, CA 94025
  (650) 298-9282                                 (650) 614-8300

   If you would like to request documents, please do so as soon as possible.

   
Kana stockholders should rely only on the information contained in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the issuance of Kana common stock
as contemplated by the merger agreement and the other proposals presented to
Kana's stockholders.
Broadbase stockholders should rely only on the information
contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the merger
agreement.
Neither Kana nor Broadbase has authorized anyone to provide
information that is different from what is contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated
             , 2001.
Stockholders should not assume that the information
contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any other
date, and neither the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to
stockholders nor the issuance of Kana common stock in the merger shall create
any implication to the contrary.

                INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

   The Securities and Exchange Commission allows Kana to "incorporate by
reference" the information Kana files with it, which means that Kana can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents.
The
information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, and later information filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission will update and supersede this information.
This joint
proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set forth
below that Kana and Broadbase have previously filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
The documents contain important information about Kana and
Broadbase and their finances.

   
Incorporated by reference are Kana's:

  .
Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (as
    amended by Form 10-K/A filed April 3, 2001);

  .
Current reports on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2001, February 1, 2001,
    February 21, 2001 and April 12, 2001 and current report on Form 8-K/A
    filed May 8, 2000; and

  .
Common stock description contained in Kana's registration statement on
    Form 8-A (File No. 000-27163) filed on August 27, 1999 registering the
    Kana common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934.

   
In addition, all of Kana's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus under
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall
be deemed to be incorporated by reference until the merger becomes effective.

   
Incorporated by reference are Broadbase's:

  .
Definitive proxy statement for its 2000 annual meeting of stockholders;

  .
Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000;

  .
Current reports on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2001 and current report on
    Form 8-K/A dated February 8, 2001; and

  .
Common stock description contained in Broadbase's Registration Statement
    on Form 8-A (File No. 000-26789) filed on July 22, 1999 registering the
    Broadbase's common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934.

   
In addition, all of Broadbase's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus under
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall
be deemed to be incorporated by reference until the merger becomes effective.

   
Any statement contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in a
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be
deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any
other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated
by reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement.
Any such statement
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or
superseded, to constitute a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                    
PART II

                   INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS

Item 20.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers

   Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law permits indemnification
of officers, directors and other corporate agents under certain circumstances
and subject to certain limitations.
The Registrant's Second Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws provide
that the Registrant shall indemnify its directors, officers, employees and
agents to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware General Corporation Law,
including in circumstances in which indemnification is otherwise discretionary
under Delaware law.
Kana has entered into an indemnification agreement (Exhibit
10.1) with each of its executive officers and directors containing provisions
that may require it, among other things, to indemnify its executive officers
and directors against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or
service as executive officers or directors (other than liabilities arising from
willful misconduct of a culpable nature) and to advance expenses incurred as a
result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.

The Registrant also intends to maintain director and officer liability
insurance.


Item 21.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

 Exhibit
  Number                         Description of Document
 -------                         -----------------------

 2.1(1)   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated August 13, 1999, by and
           among Kana Communications, Inc., KCI Acquisition, Inc. and
           Connectify, Inc.

 2.2(3)   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated December 3, 1999, by and
           among Kana Communications, Inc., King Acquisition Corp. and Business
           Evolution, Inc.

 2.3(3)   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated December 3, 1999, by and
           among Kana Communications, Inc., Kong Acquisition Corp. and
           netDialog.

 2.4(5)   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated February 6, 2000, by and
           among Kana Communications, Inc., Pistol Acquisition Corp. and
           Silknet Software, Inc.

 2.5(14)  
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 9, 2001, by and among Kana
           Communications, Inc., Arrow Acquisition Corp. and Broadbase
           Software, Inc.

 3.1(10)  
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended
           by the Certificate of Amendment dated April 18, 2000.

 3.2(1)   Amended and Restated Bylaws.

 4.1(1)   
Form of Registrant's Specimen Common Stock Certificate

 4.2(1)   Fourth Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement dated August
           13, 1999 by and among Kana Communications, Inc. and parties listed
           on Schedule A therein.

 4.3(6)   
Form of amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Investors' Rights
           Agreement.

 4.4(11)  Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 7, 2000, by and among Kana
           Communications, Inc. and the parties listed on Exhibit A thereto.

 4.5(13)  
Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated September 6, 2000 by and
           among Kana Communications, Inc. and Andersen Consulting LLP.

 4.6(13)
* Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated September 6, 2000 between
           Kana Communications, Inc. and Andersen Consulting LLP.

 4.7      Parent Stock Option Agreement, dated April 9, 2001, by and between
           Kana Communications, Inc. and Broadbase Software, Inc.

 5.1**    Opinion of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP.

 
8.1**    Tax Opinion of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP.

                                      
II-1

  Exhibit
  Number                          Description of Document
  -------                         -----------------------

  8.2**    Tax Opinion of Fenwick & West LLP.

 10.1(1)   1997 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.2(1)   1999 Stock Incentive Plan of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.3(1)   1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.4(7)   1999 Special Stock Option Plan of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.5(7)   1999 Special Stock Option Plan--Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option
            Agreement--4-year vesting of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.6(7)   1999 Special Stock Option Plan--Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option
            Agreement--30-month vesting of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.7(1)   Form of Directors' and Officers' Indemnification Agreement of Kana
            Communications, Inc.

 10.8(1)   
Form of License Agreement of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.9(1)   Letter of Credit, dated July 9, 1999, with Silicon Valley Bank and
            Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.10(1)  
Lease, dated May 1998, by and between Encina Properties and Kana
            Communications, Inc.

 10.11(1)  
Office/R&D Lease, dated June 18, 1999, by and between Chestnut Bay
            LLC and Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.12(1)  Form of Online Service Agreement of Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.13(1)  
Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement of Kana Communications,
            Inc.

 10.14(1)  QuickStart Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 6, 1998, with
            Silicon Valley Bank and Connectify, Inc.

 10.15(6)  
Lease, dated February 11, 2000, by and between Veterans Self-
            Storage, LLC and Kana Communications, Inc.

 10.16(6)  
Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan of Kana
            Communications, Inc.

 10.17(11) Stock Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2000, by and among Kana
            Communications, Inc. and the parties listed on Exhibit A thereto.

 10.18(12)
Lease, dated November 15, 1999, by and between 1848 Associates and
            Silknet, Inc.

 10.19(14) Company Stock Option Agreement, dated April 9, 2001, by and between
            Kana Communications, Inc. and Broadbase Software, Inc.

 10.20     Distribution and License Agreement, dated April 9, 2001, by and
            between Kana Communications, Inc. and Broadbase Software, Inc.

 10.21     Revolving Loan Agreement, dated April 9, 2001, by and between Kana
            Communications, Inc. and Broadbase Software, Inc.

 10.22     
Amended 1999 Stock Incentive Plan of Kana Communications, Inc., to
            be effective upon approval of the stockholders of Kana
            Communications, Inc.

 10.23     Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Kana
            Communications, Inc., to be effective upon approval of the
            stockholders of Kana Communications, Inc.

 16.1(8)   
Letter from KPMG LLP, dated March 30, 2000.

 
21.1      Subsidiaries of Kana Communications, Inc.

 23.2      Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Accountants.

 23.3**    Consent of Brobeck Phleger & Harrison LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

                                      
II-2

  Exhibit
   Number                         Description of Document
  -------                         -----------------------

 23.4**     Consent of Brobeck Phleger & Harrison LLP (included in Exhibit
             8.1).

 
23.5**     Consent of Fenwick & West LLP (included in Exhibit 8.2).

 
23.6       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.

 23.7       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Accountants.

 23.8       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Accountants.

 24.1       Power of Attorney (See Signature Page).

 99.1(5)    
Connectify, Inc. 1998 Stock Plan.

 99.2(5)    Connectify, Inc. 1998 Stock Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option
             Agreement.

 99.3(5)    
Connectify, Inc. 1998
Stock Plan Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option
             Agreement.

 99.4(5)    
Form of Option Assumption Agreement.

 
99.5(4)    Business Evolution, Inc. 1999 Stock Plan.

 99.6(4)    
Business Evolution, Inc.
Form of Stock Option Agreement.

 99.7(4)    
Form of Option Assumption Agreement--12 Months Acceleration
             (Business Evolution Option Shares).

 99.8(4)    
Form of Option Assumption Agreement--24
Months Acceleration
             (Business Evolution Option Shares).

 99.9(4)    netDialog, Inc.
1997 Stock Plan.

 99.10(4)   netDialog, Inc.
Form of Stock Option Agreement.

 99.11(4)   Form of Option Assumption Agreement (netDialog Option Shares).

 99.12(9)   Silknet Software, Inc. 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

 99.13(9)   Silknet Software, Inc. 1999 Stock Option and Stock Incentive Plan.

 99.14(9)   Silknet Software, Inc. 1999
Non-Employee Director Stock Option
             Plan.

 99.15(9)   Silknet Software, Inc.
Employee Stock Option Plan.

 99.16(9)   Insite Marketing Technology, Inc.
1997 Stock Option Plan.

 99.17(9)   
Form of Option Assumption Agreement (Silknet Option Shares).

 99.18(9)   
Form of Option Assumption Agreement--Acceleration (Silknet Option
             Shares).

 99.19*(15) Broadbase Software, Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan

 99.20(16)  
Broadbase Software, Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan

 99.21(17)  Broadbase Information Systems, Inc. 1996 Equity Incentive Plan

 99.22(18)  Broadbase Software, Inc. 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

 99.23(19)  Aperio, Inc. 1998
Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option Plan

 99.24(20)  
Panopticon, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan

 99.25(21)  
Rubric, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan

 99.26(22)  Servicesoft Technologies, Inc.
Amended and Restated 1994 Stock
             Option Plan

 99.27(22)  Servicesoft Technologies, Inc. 1999 Stock Option and Grant Plan, as
             amended

- --------
  * Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of
    this exhibit.

 
** To be filed by amendment.

 
(1) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-l,
     File No. 333-82587, originally filed with the Commission by the Registrant
     on July 9, 1999, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.

 
(2) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on December 6, 1999 and incorporated herein by
     reference.

                                      
II-3

 (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on December 14, 1999, and incorporated herein by
     reference.

 
(4) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on December 23, 1999 and incorporated herein by
     reference.

 
(5) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 13D filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on February 16, 2000, and incorporated herein by
     reference.

 
(6) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-4,
     File No. 333-32428, originally filed with the Commission by the Registrant
     on March 14, 2000, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.

 
(7) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on March 14, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference.

 
(8) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on March 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference.

 
(9) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on April 27, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference.


(10) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on May 4, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference.


(11) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on June 15, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference.


(12) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form 5-1,
     File No. 333-40338, originally filed with the Commission by the Registrant
     on June 28, 2000, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.


(13) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-3,
     File No. 333-46624, originally filed with the Commission by the Registrant
     on September 26, 2000, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.


(14) Previously filed as an exhibit to the form 13D filed with the Commission
     by the Registrant on April 19, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference.


(15) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-8,
     File No. 333-48696, filed with the Commission by Broadbase on November 9,
     2000, and incorporated herein by reference.


(16) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-8,
     File No. 333-38480, filed with the Commission by Broadbase on June 2,
     2000, and incorporated herein by reference.


(17) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-1,
     File No. 333-82251, originally filed with the Commission by Broadbase on
     July 2, 1999, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.


(18) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-4,
     File No. 333-48696, originally filed with the Commission by Broadbase on
     October 26, 2000, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.


(19) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-8,
     File No. 333-40206, filed with the Commission by Broadbase on June 26,
     2000, and incorporated herein by reference.


(20) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-8,
     File No. 333-46652, filed with the Commission by Broadbase on September
     26, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference.


(21) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-1,
     File No. 333-95125, originally filed with the Commission by Broadbase on
     January 21, 2000, as subsequently amended, and incorporated herein by
     reference.


(22) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on Form S-8,
     File No. 333-52198, filed with the Commission by Broadbase on December 19,
     2000, and incorporated herein by reference.

                                      
II-4

Item 22.
Undertakings

   The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

     (1) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
  Act of 1933, each filing of the Registrant's annual report pursuant to
  Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and,
  where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report
  pursuant to Section 1.5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is
  incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to
  be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein,
  and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the
  initial bona fide offering thereof.

     (2) That prior to any public reoffering of the securities registered
  hereunder through use of a prospectus which is a part of this registration
  statement, by any person or party who is deemed to be an underwriter within
  the meaning of Rule 145(c), the issuer undertakes that such reoffering
  prospectus will contain the information called for by the applicable
  registration form with respect to reofferings by persons who may be deemed
  underwriters, in addition to the information called for by the other items
  of the applicable form.

     
(3) That every prospectus: (i) that is filed pursuant to paragraph (1)
  immediately preceding , or (ii) that purports to meet the requirements of
  Section 10(a)(3) of the Act and is used in connection with an offering of
  securities subject to Rule 415, will be filed as a part of an amendment to
  the registration statement and will not be used until such amendment is
  effective, and that, for purposes of determining any liability under the
  Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
  to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered
  therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed
  to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     (4) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
  Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
  controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
  or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
  Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public
  policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.
In the
  event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than
  the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director,
  officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense
  of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or
  controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
  registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
  settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
  jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
  public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final
  adjudication of such issue.

     
(5) To respond to requests for information that is incorporated by
  reference into the prospectus pursuant to Item 4, 10(b), 11, or 13 of this
  form, within one business day of receipt of such request, and to send the
  incorporated documents by first class mail or other equally prompt means.
  
This includes information contained in documents filed subsequent to the
  effective date of the registration statement through the date of responding
  to the request.

     
(6) To supply by means of a post-effective amendment all information
  concerning a transaction, and the company being acquired involved therein,
  that was not the subject of and included in the registration statement when
  it became effective.

                                      
II-5

                                   SIGNATURES

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redwood
City, State of California, on this 27th day of April, 2001.

                                          
Kana Communications, Inc.

                                                    /s/
James C. Wood
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                       James C. Wood
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

   KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears
below constitutes and appoints James C. Wood, David B. Fowler and Franklin P.
Huang, and each of them, as such person's true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and
agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and
in such person's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any
and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration
Statement, and to file same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and
purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their
or his or her substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
thereof.

   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this
Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

             
Signature                           Title                  Date
             ---------                           
-----                  ----

       /s/
James C. Wood             Chief Executive Officer and   April 27, 2001
____________________________________  Director (Principal
           James C. Wood              Executive Officer)

      
/s/
Art M. Rodriguez           Interim Chief Financial       April 27, 2001
____________________________________  Officer (Principal
          Art M. Rodriguez            Financial and Accounting
                                      Officer)

        /s/
David M. Beirne                    Director            April 27, 2001
____________________________________
          David M. Beirne

      /s/
Robert W. Frick                      Director            April 27, 2001
____________________________________
          
Robert W. Frick

        /s/
Eric A. Hahn                       Director            April 27, 2001
____________________________________
            
Eric A. Hahn

                                      II-6

             Signature                           Title                  Date
             ---------                           
-----                  ----

  /s/
Dr. Charles A. Holloway                  Director            April 27, 2001
____________________________________
      
Dr. Charles A. Holloway

    /s/
Steven T. Jurvetson                    Director            April 27, 2001
____________________________________
        Steven T. Jurvetson

                                      II-7

                                                                      APPENDIX I

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                                  BY AND AMONG
                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.,
                            ARROW ACQUISITION CORP.
                                      AND
                            BROADBASE SOFTWARE, INC.

                                      I-1

                               

                                                                          Page
                                                                          -----

 ARTICLE I   THE MERGER.................................................   I-6

 1.1         The Merger.................................................   
I-6
 1.2         Effective Time; Closing....................................   I-6
 1.3         Effect of the Merger.......................................   I-6
 1.4         Certificate of Incorporation;
Bylaws.......................   I-6
 1.5         Directors and Officers.....................................   I-6
 1.6         Effect on Capital Stock....................................   I-6
 1.7         Exchange of Certificates...................................   I-7
 1.8         No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock........   
I-9
 1.9         Restricted Stock...........................................   I-9
 1.10        Tax Consequences...........................................   I-10
 1.11        Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.................   I-10

 ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY..................   I-10

 2.1         Organization; Subsidiaries.................................   I-10
 2.2         Company Capitalization.....................................   I-11
 2.3         Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock..................   I-12
 2.4         Authority; Non-Contravention...............................   I-12
 2.5         SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements..................   I-13
 2.6         Absence of Certain Changes or Events.......................   I-14
 2.7         Taxes......................................................   I-14
 2.8         Title to Properties........................................   I-15
 2.9         Intellectual Property......................................   I-15
 2.10        Compliance with Laws.......................................   I-16
 2.11        Litigation.................................................   I-16
 2.12        Employee Benefit Plans.....................................   I-17
 2.13        Environmental Matters......................................   I-18
 2.14        Certain Agreements.........................................   I-19
 2.15        Disclosure.................................................   I-19
 2.16        Board Approval.............................................   I-19
 2.17        Fairness Opinion...........................................   
I-19
 2.18        DGCL Section 203 and Rights Agreement Not Applicable.......   I-20
 2.19        Brokers' and Finders' Fees.................................   I-20
 2.20        Insurance..................................................   I-20
 2.21        Certain Contracts..........................................   I-20

 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB....   I-20

 3.1         Organization; Subsidiaries.................................   I-20
 3.2         Parent and Merger Sub Capitalization.......................   I-21
 3.3         Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock..................   I-21
 3.4         Authority; Non-Contravention...............................   I-22
 3.5         SEC Filings; Parent Financial Statements...................   I-23
 3.6         Absence of Certain Changes or Events.......................   I-23
 3.7         Taxes......................................................   I-24
 3.8         Title to Properties........................................   I-25
 3.9         Intellectual Property......................................   I-25
 3.10        Compliance with Laws.......................................   I-26
 3.11        Litigation.................................................   I-26

                                      I-2

                         --(Continued)

                                                                          
Page
                                                                          ----

 3.12        Employee Benefit Plans.....................................  I-26
 3.13        Environmental Matters......................................  I-27
 3.14        Agreements, Contracts and Commitments......................  I-28
 3.15        Disclosure.................................................  I-28
 3.16        Board Approval.............................................  I-28
 3.17        Fairness Opinion...........................................  I-29
 3.18        Brokers' and Finders' Fees.................................  I-29
 3.19        Insurance..................................................  I-29
 3.20        Certain Contracts..........................................  I-29

 ARTICLE IV  CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME........................  I-29

 4.1         Conduct of Business by Company.............................  I-29
 4.2         Conduct of Business by Parent..............................  I-31
 4.3         Interim Plans..............................................  I-33

 ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS......................................  I-33

             Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement;
 5.1         Antitrust and Other Filings................................  I-33
 5.2         Meeting of Company Stockholders............................  I-34
 5.3         Meeting of Parent Stockholders.............................  I-36
 5.4         No Company Solicitation....................................  I-37
 5.5         No Parent Solicitation.....................................  I-38
 5.6         Confidentiality; Access to Information.....................  I-39
 5.7         Public Disclosure..........................................  I-40
 5.8         Reasonable Efforts; Notification...........................  I-40
 5.9         Third Party Consents.......................................  I-41
 5.10        Stock Options and ESPP.....................................  I-41
 5.11        Company Warrants...........................................  I-42
 5.12        Form S-8...................................................  I-42
 5.13        Indemnification............................................  I-42
 5.14        Parent Board of Directors..................................  I-43
 5.15        Nasdaq Listing.............................................  I-43
 5.16        Letters of Accountants.....................................  I-43
 5.17        Takeover Statutes..........................................  I-43
 5.18        Certain Employee Benefits..................................  I-43
 5.19        Section 16.................................................  I-44
 5.20        Tax Matters................................................  I-44

 ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER...................................  I-44

             Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the
 6.1         Merger.....................................................  
I-44
 6.2         Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company............  I-45
             Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and
 6.3         Merger Sub.................................................  I-46

 ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER..........................  I-46

 7.1         Termination................................................  I-46
 7.2         Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination...............  I-48
 7.3         Fees and Expenses..........................................  I-49
 7.4         Amendment..................................................  I-50
 7.5         Extension; Waiver..........................................  I-50
 7.6         Liquidated Damages.........................................  I-50

                                      I-3

                         --(Continued)

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS..........................................  I-50

 8.1          Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties..............  I-50
 8.2          Notices.....................................................  I-51
 8.3          Interpretation; Certain Defined Terms.......................  I-51
 8.4          Counterparts................................................  I-52
 8.5          Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.................  I-52
 8.6          Severability................................................  I-52
 8.7          Other Remedies; Specific Performance........................  I-52
 8.8          Governing Law...............................................  I-53
 8.9          Rules of Construction.......................................  I-53
 8.10         Assignment..................................................  I-53
 8.11         Waiver Of Jury Trial........................................  I-53

                               INDEX OF EXHIBITS

 Exhibit A  Form of Company Voting Agreement

 Exhibit B  Form of Parent Voting Agreement

 Exhibit C  Form of Company Stock Option Agreement

 Exhibit D  Form of Parent Stock Option Agreement

 Exhibit E  Form of Distribution and License Agreement

 Exhibit F  Form of Revolving Loan Agreement

                                      I-4

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   This Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of April 9, 2001, among Kana Communications, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), Arrow Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned first-tier subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Broadbase
Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company").

                                    
RECITALS

   A.
The respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Company have
approved this Agreement, and declared advisable the merger of Merger Sub with
and into Company (the "Merger") upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
this Agreement and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware ("Delaware Law").

   
B.
For United States federal income tax purposes, the Merger is intended to
qualify as a "reorganization" pursuant to the provisions of Section 368 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
For accounting
purposes, the Merger is intended to be accounted for as a "purchase" under
United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP").

   
C. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and
inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain
stockholders of Company are entering into a Company Voting Agreement with
Parent in the form of Exhibit A (the "Company Voting Agreement").
Concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to
Company's willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain stockholders of
Parent are entering into a Parent Voting Agreement with Company in the form of
Exhibit B (the "Parent Voting Agreement").

   
D. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and
inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement, Company shall
execute and deliver a Stock Option Agreement in favor of Parent in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the "Company Stock Option
Agreement").
The Board of Directors of Company has approved the Company Stock
Option Agreement.
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a
condition and inducement to Company's willingness to enter into this Agreement,
Parent shall execute and deliver a Stock Option Agreement in favor of Company
in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the "Parent Stock
Option Agreement").
The Board of Directors of Parent has approved the Parent
Stock Option Agreement.

   
E. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent and Company are
entering into a Distribution and License Agreement in the form of Exhibit E
(the "License Agreement").

   
F. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent and Company are
entering into a Revolving Loan Agreement in the form of Exhibit F (the "Loan
Agreement").

   
G.
In connection with the Merger, the Board of Directors of Parent has
approved a name change of Parent to "Kana Software, Inc." (the "Parent Name
Change") to be effective immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined
below).

   
H.
The respective boards of directors of Parent and Company have each
determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are
consistent with, and in furtherance of, their respective business strategies
and goals, that the Merger is advisable, and that the products and services of
Parent and Company will complement and enhance each other.

                                      
I-5

   I.
In consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                   THE MERGER

   1.1 The Merger.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement and the applicable provisions of Delaware Law, at the Effective Time,
Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Company, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Company shall continue as the
surviving corporation of the Merger and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
(the "Surviving Corporation").

   
1.2 Effective Time; Closing.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
Company and Merger Sub will file a certificate of merger, in such appropriate
form as determined by the parties, with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of Delaware Law (the
"Certificate of Merger")
(the time of such filing (or such later time as may be
agreed in writing by Company and Parent and specified in the Certificate of
Merger) being the "Effective Time") as soon as practicable on or after the
Closing Date.
The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the
offices of Fenwick & West LLP, Two Palo Alto Square, Palo Alto, California, at
a time and date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no later than
the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in Article VI, or at such other time, date and location as the parties
hereto agree in writing (the "Closing Date").

   
1.3 Effect of the Merger.  
At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be s provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Delaware
Law.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall possess all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, and shall be subject to all
debts, liabilities and duties of Company and Merger Sub.

   1.4 Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.

   
(a)
At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as
provided by law and such Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation.
At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Parent shall have been amended to effect the Parent Name Change.

   
(b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended.

   
1.5 Directors and Officers.
The initial directors of the Surviving
Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time, until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualified.
The initial officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be the
officers of Company immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their
respective successors are duly appointed.

   
1.6 Effect on Capital Stock.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of the
following securities:

   (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock.
Each share of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, of Company ("Company Common Stock") issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than any shares of
Company Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 1.6(b), will be
canceled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive
1.05 (the "Exchange Ratio") shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") upon surrender of the certificate
representing such share of Company Common Stock in the manner provided in
Section 1.7.
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock will be issued by
virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof, a cash

                                      I-6

payment shall be made pursuant to Section 1.7(e).
As of the Effective Time, all
such shares of Company Common Stock, when so converted, shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to
exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such shares shall
cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
shares of Parent Common Stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued or paid in consideration therefor upon the
surrender of such certificates.

   (b) Cancellation of Company-Owned and Parent-Owned Stock.
Each share of
Company Common Stock held by Company or owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Company or of Parent immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any
conversion thereof.

   
(c) Stock Options; Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
At the Effective Time, all
options to purchase Company Common Stock ("Company Options") then outstanding
shall to the extent provided in Section 5.10 be assumed by Parent.
Rights
outstanding under Company's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Company
ESPP") shall be treated as set forth in Section 5.10 of this Agreement.

   
(d) Warrants.
At the Effective Time, each warrant to purchase Company Common
Stock then outstanding ("Company Warrants") shall be assumed by Parent in
accordance with Section 5.11 of this Agreement.

   
(e) Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
Each share of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share, of Merger Sub (the "Merger Sub Common Stock"), issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.001 par
value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.
Following the Effective Time,
each certificate evidencing ownership of shares of Merger Sub common stock
shall evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving
Corporation.

   (f) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.
The Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to
reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend (including the Parent Stock Split, and any dividend or distribution of
securities convertible into Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock),
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with
respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock occurring on or after
the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

   
1.7 Exchange of Certificates.

   (a) Exchange Agent.
Parent shall select an institution reasonably acceptable
to Company to act as the exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the Merger.

   (b)  Exchange Fund.
Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall make
available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in accordance with this Article I,
the shares of Parent Common Stock (such shares of Parent Common Stock, together
with cash in lieu of fractional shares and any dividends or distributions with
respect thereto, are hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund") issuable
pursuant to Section 1.6 in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock.

   (c) Exchange Procedures.
Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall
instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record a certificate or
certificates ("Certificates") which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock whose shares were
converted into shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 1.6, (i) a
letter of transmittal in customary form (that shall specify that delivery shall
be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall
contain such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange
for certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock.
Upon surrender of
Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent together with such letter
of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto, the holders of such Certificates shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor certificates representing the number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock into which their shares of

                                      I-7

Company Common Stock were converted at the Effective Time, payment in lieu of
fractional shares that such holders have the right to receive pursuant to
Section 1.7(e) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section
1.7(d), and the Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.
Until
so surrendered, outstanding Certificates will be deemed from and after the
Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to evidence only the ownership of
the number of full shares of Parent Common Stock into which such shares of
Company Common Stock shall have been so converted and the right to receive an
amount in cash in lieu of the issuance of any fractional shares in accordance
with Section 1.7(e) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to
Section 1.7(d).
No interest will be paid or accrued on any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock or on any unpaid dividends or
distributions payable to holders of Certificates.
In the event of a transfer of
ownership of shares of Company Common Stock which is not registered in the
transfer records of Company, a certificate representing the proper number of
shares of Parent Common Stock may be issued to a transferee if the Certificate
representing such shares of Company Common Stock is presented to the Exchange
Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such
transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been
paid.

   
(d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with respect to
Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time will be paid to
the holders of any unsurrendered Certificates with respect to the shares of
Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holders of record of such
Certificates shall surrender such Certificates.
Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of any such Certificates, the Exchange Agent shall deliver
to the holders of certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock
issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) promptly, the amount of any
cash payable with respect to a fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which
such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(e) and the amount of dividends
or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore
paid with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) at the
appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a
record date after the Effective Time but prior to surrender and a payment date
occurring after surrender, payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent
Common Stock.

   
(e) Fractional Shares.
(i) As promptly as practicable following the
Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall determine the excess of (A) the number
of full shares of Parent Common Stock delivered to the Exchange Agent pursuant
to Section 1.7(b), over (B) the aggregate number of full shares of Parent
Common Stock to be distributed to holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to
Section 1.7(c)
(such excess, the "Excess Shares").
Following the Effective
Time, the Exchange Agent, as agent for the holders of Company Common Stock,
shall sell the Excess Shares at then prevailing prices on the Nasdaq Stock
Market in the manner set forth in paragraph (ii) of this Section 1.7(e).

   
(ii)
The sale of the excess shares by the Exchange Agent shall be executed
on the Nasdaq Stock Market and shall be executed in round lots to the extent
practicable.
The Exchange Agent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts
to complete the sale of the Excess Shares as promptly following the Effective
Time as, in the Exchange Agent's reasonable judgment, is practicable consistent
with obtaining the best execution of such sales in light of prevailing market
conditions.
Until the net proceeds of such sales have been distributed to the
holders of Company Common Stock, the Exchange Agent will hold such proceeds in
trust for the holders of Company Common Stock.
The Exchange Agent will
determine the portion of such net proceeds to which each holder of Company
Common Stock shall be entitled, if any, by multiplying the amount of the
aggregate net proceeds by a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of
the fractional share interest to which such holder of Company Common Stock is
entitled (after taking into account all shares of Parent Common Stock to be
issued to such holder) and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of
fractional share interests to which all holders of Company Common Stock are
entitled.
As soon as practicable after the determination of the amount of cash,
if any, to be paid to holders of Company Common Stock with respect to
fractional share interests, the Exchange Agent shall promptly pay such amounts
to such holders of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of Section
1.7(c).

   (iii)
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this
Section 1.7(e), Parent may decide, at its option, exercised prior to the
Effective Time, in lieu of the issuance and sale of Excess Shares and the

                                      I-8

making of the payments contemplated in such paragraphs, that Parent shall pay
to the Exchange Agent an amount sufficient for the Exchange Agent to pay each
holder of Company Common Stock the amount such holder would have received
pursuant to Section 1.7(e)(ii) assuming that the sales of Parent Common Stock
were made at a price equal to the average of the closing prices of the Parent
Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market for the ten consecutive trading days
immediately preceding the Effective Time and, in such case, all references
herein to the cash proceeds of the sale of the Excess Shares and similar
references shall be deemed to mean and refer to the payments calculated as set
forth in this paragraph (iii).
In such event, Excess Shares shall not be issued
or otherwise transferred to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Sections 1.7(b) or
(e).

   (f) Required Withholding.
Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to
any holder or former holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as may be
required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or under any
provision of state, local or foreign tax law or under any other applicable
Legal Requirement (as defined in Section 2.2(b)).
To the extent such amounts
are so deducted or withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes
under this Agreement as having been paid to the person to whom such amounts
would otherwise have been paid.

   
(g) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  
In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, certificates
representing the shares of Parent Common Stock into which the shares of Company
Common Stock represented by such Certificates were converted pursuant to
Section 1.6, cash for fractional shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to
Section 1.7(e) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section
1.7(d); provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance of such certificates representing shares of
Parent Common Stock, cash and other distributions, require the owner of such
lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may
reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent with respect to the
Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

   
(h) No Liability.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
1.7, neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor any
party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common Stock or
Company Common Stock for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

   
(i) Termination of Exchange Fund.
Any portion of the Exchange Fund which
remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock for six months
after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any
holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with the
provisions of this Section 1.7 shall thereafter look only to Parent for the
shares of Parent Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(e) and any
dividends or other distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock to which
they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(d), in each case, without any
interest thereon.

   
1.8 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.
All shares of
Parent Common Stock issued in accordance with the terms hereof (including any
cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Section 1.7(d) and (e)) shall be
deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
such shares of Company Common Stock, and there shall be no further registration
of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company
Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
If
after the Effective Time Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in
this Article I.

   1.9 Restricted Stock.
If any shares of Company Common Stock that are
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject
to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition providing that
such shares ("Company Restricted Stock") may be forfeited by the stockholder or
repurchased by the Company upon any termination of the stockholders'
employment, directorship or other relationship with

                                      I-9

the Company (and/or any affiliate of the Company) or otherwise under the terms
of any restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with the Company
that does not by its terms provide that such repurchase option, risk of
forfeiture or other condition lapses upon consummation of the Merger, then the
shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the conversion of such shares of
Company Common Stock in the Merger will continue to be unvested and subject to
the same repurchase options, risks of forfeiture or other conditions following
the Effective Time, and the certificates representing such shares of Parent
Common Stock may accordingly be marked with appropriate legends noting such
repurchase options, risks of forfeiture or other conditions.
Company shall take
all actions that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective
Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other right
set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement.

   
1.10 Tax Consequences.
It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger
shall constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368 of the
Code.
The parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization"
within the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States
Income Tax Regulations.

   
1.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.
If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of Company
and Merger Sub will take all such lawful and necessary action.
Parent shall
cause Merger Sub to perform all of its obligations relating to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                   
ARTICLE II
                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

   Except as disclosed in the disclosure letter delivered by Company to Parent
dated as of the date hereof and certified by a duly authorized officer of
Company (the "Company Disclosure Letter") (each Part of which qualifies the
correspondingly numbered representation, warranty or covenant to the extent
specified therein, and such other representations, warranties or covenants to
the extent that the relevance of a disclosure set forth in such Part to such
other representations, warranties or covenants is reasonably evident), it being
understood that the disclosure of any item is not to be construed as the
admission of any fact, Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub
as follows:

   2.1 Organization; Subsidiaries.

   
(a) Each of Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and
authority, and all requisite qualifications to do business as a foreign
corporation, to conduct its business in the manner in which its business is
currently being conducted, except where the failure to be so organized,
existing or in good standing or to have such power, authority or qualifications
would not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company.
Except as set forth in the Company SEC Reports (as defined in
Section 2.5(a)) filed prior to the date hereof, neither Company nor any
Subsidiary of Company directly or indirectly owns any capital stock of, or any
equity interest of any nature in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture
arrangement or other business entity, except for passive investments in equity
interests of public companies as part of the cash management program of
Company.
Neither Company nor any Subsidiary of Company has agreed or is
obligated to make, or is bound by any written, oral or other agreement,
contract, subcontract, lease, binding understanding, instrument, note, option,
warranty, purchase order, license, sublicense, insurance policy, benefit plan
or legally binding commitment or undertaking of any nature, as in effect as of
the date hereof or as may hereinafter be in effect under which it may become
obligated to make any future material investment in or material capital
contribution to any other entity.
Neither Company, nor any Subsidiary of
Company, is a general partner of any general partnership, limited partnership
or other

                                      I-10

similar entity.
Part 2.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter indicates the
jurisdiction of organization of each entity listed therein and Company's direct
or indirect equity interest therein.
As used in this Agreement, the word
"Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means, with respect to any party, any
corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of
which (i) such party or any other Subsidiary of such party is a general partner
(excluding partnerships, the general partnership interests of which held by
such party or any Subsidiary of such party do not have a majority of the voting
interest in such partnership) or (ii) at least a majority of the securities or
other interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority
of the Board of Directors or others performing similar functions with respect
to such corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly owned or
controlled by such party or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such
party and one or more of its Subsidiaries.

   (b) Company has delivered or made available to Parent a true and correct
copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Company and similar
governing instruments of each of its Subsidiaries, each as amended to date
(collectively, the "Company Charter Documents"), and each such instrument is in
full force and effect.
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation of any of the provisions of the Company Charter Documents.

   
2.2 Company Capitalization.

   
(a) The authorized capital stock of Company consists solely of 350,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which there were
82,063,861 shares issued and outstanding as of the close of business on April
6, 2001, and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of which no shares are issued or outstanding.
All outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and are not subject to preemptive rights created by statute, the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of Company or any agreement or document to which
Company is a party or by which it is bound.
As of the close of business on
April 6, 2001, there are no shares of Company Common Stock held in treasury by
the Company.
No material change in such capitalization has occurred between
December 31, 2000 and the date of this Agreement.

   
(b) As of the close of business on April 6, 2001, (i) 26,569,623 shares of
Company Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding Company
Options to purchase Company Common Stock for a weighted average aggregate
exercise price of approximately $12.53, (ii) 2,203,008 shares of Company Common
Stock are reserved for future issuance under the Company ESPP, and (iii)
145,123 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to
outstanding Company Warrants.
Part 2.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets
forth the following information with respect to each Company Option and Company
Warrant outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name of the
optionee or warrant holder; (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Company Option or Company Warrant; (iii) the exercise price of
such Company Option or Company Warrant; (iv) the date on which such Company
Option was granted or assumed; (v) the date on which such Company Option or
Company Warrant expires; and (vi) with respect to any officer of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act,
whether the exercisability of such Company Option or Company Warrant will be
accelerated in any way by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
indicates the extent of any such acceleration.
Company has made available to
Parent an accurate and complete copies of the and the form of all stock option
agreements evidencing Company Options.
All shares of Company Common Stock
subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions
specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

   
(c) All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, all outstanding Company
Options, all outstanding Company Warrants and all outstanding shares of capital
stock of each subsidiary of Company have been issued and granted in compliance
with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable material Legal
Requirements and (ii) all material requirements set forth in applicable
agreements or instruments.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Legal
Requirements" means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law,
statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code,
edict, decree, rule, regulation,

                                      I-11

ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or
otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Entity
(as defined in Section 2.4).

   
2.3 Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock.
Except as set forth in Part
2.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests of any class of Company
equity security, or any securities exchangeable or convertible into or
exercisable for such equity securities, partnership interests or similar
ownership interests, issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding.
Company owns
all of the securities of its Subsidiaries identified on Part 2.1 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, free and clear of all claims and Encumbrances, and there are
no other equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership
interests of any class of equity security of any Subsidiary of Company, or any
security exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such equity
securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, issued,
reserved for issuance or outstanding.
For purposes of this Agreement,
"Encumbrances" means any material lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge,
mortgage, security interest, encumbrance, claim, infringement, interference,
option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, community property interest
or restriction of any nature (including any restriction on the voting of any
security, any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset, any
restriction on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any
restriction on the use of any asset and any restriction on the possession,
exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).
Except
as set forth in Section 2.2 or Part 2.2 or Part 2.3 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls, rights (including
preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of any character to which Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound obligating
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or cause
the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of, any shares of capital stock,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or obligating Company or any of its Subsidiaries to grant, extend,
accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant,
equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement.
Except as contemplated
by this Agreement, there are no registration rights with respect to any equity
security of any class of Company or with respect to any equity security,
partnership interest or similar ownership interest of any class of any of its
Subsidiaries.

   
2.4 Authority; Non-Contravention.

   (a) Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into
this Agreement, as well as the Company Option Agreement, the Parent Option
Agreement, the Parent Voting Agreement, the License Agreement and the Loan
Agreement (the Company Option Agreement, the Parent Option Agreement, the
Parent Voting Agreement, the License Agreement and the Loan Agreement together,
the "Company Authorization Agreements"), and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Company Authorization Agreements and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of Company, subject only to the approval
and adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by Company's
stockholders (the "Company Stockholder Approvals") and the filing of the
Certificate of Merger pursuant to Delaware Law.
The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is
sufficient for Company's stockholders to approve and adopt this Agreement and
approve the Merger, and no other approval of any holder of any securities of
Company is required in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.
This Agreement and the Company Authorization Agreements
have been duly executed and delivered by Company and, assuming the due
execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitute the valid and
binding obligations of Company, enforceable against Company in accordance with
their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other
similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and general principles
of equity.

   
(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Company
Authorization Agreements by Company does not, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company Authorization
Agreements will not, (i) conflict with, or result in any violation or breach
of, any

                                      I-12

provision of the Company Charter Documents, (ii) result in any violation or
breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a
default (or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or loss of any material benefit) under, or require a consent
or waiver under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or
obligation to which Company or its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of
them or any of their properties or assets may be bound, or (iii) conflict with
or violate any permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Company or any
Subsidiary or any of its or their properties or assets, except in the case of
(ii) and (iii) for any such conflicts, violations, defaults, terminations,
cancellations or accelerations which, individually or in the aggregate, would
not have a Material Adverse Effect to Company.

   
(c) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
declaration or filing with any court, administrative agency or commission or
other governmental authority or instrumentality, foreign or domestic
("Governmental Entity") or other person, is required to be obtained or made by
Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Merger, except for (i) the filing of the Certificate of
Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company is
qualified to do business, (ii) the filing of a Form 8-K, the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.17) with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), a Schedule 13D with regard to the Parent
Voting Agreement in accordance with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.17),
(iii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal, foreign
and state securities (or related) laws and the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and the securities or
antitrust laws of any foreign country, and (iv) such other consents,
authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations which if not obtained or
made would not be material to the Company, Parent or the Surviving Corporation
or have a material adverse effect on the ability of the parties hereto to
consummate the Merger.

   
2.5 SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements.

   (a) Company has filed or made available to Parent, all forms, reports and
documents required to be filed by Company with the SEC since the effective date
of the registration statement of Company's initial public offering.
All such
required forms, reports and documents (including those that Company may file
subsequent to the date hereof) are referred to herein as the "Company SEC
Reports."
As of their respective dates, the Company SEC Reports (i) were
prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and
the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such Company SEC
Reports and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of
such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, except to the extent corrected prior to the date of this
Agreement by a subsequently filed Company SEC Report.
As of the date of this
Agreement, the Company SEC Reports, taken as a whole, together with any press
release disseminated between the date of the most recent Company SEC Report and
the date of this Agreement, do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
None of Company's
subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the
SEC.

   (b)
Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports (the "Company
Financials"), including each Company SEC Report filed after the date hereof
until the Closing, (i) complied as to form in all material respects with the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the
case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the SEC
on Form 10-Q, 8-K or any successor

                                      I-13

form under the Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly presented the consolidated
financial position of Company and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates
thereof and the consolidated results of Company's operations and cash flows for
the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
may not contain footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring year-
end adjustments.
The balance sheet of Company contained in Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2000 (the "Company Form 10-K") is
hereinafter referred to as the "Company Balance Sheet."
Except as disclosed in
the Company Financials, since the date of the Company Balance Sheet, neither
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities required under GAAP to
be set forth on a balance sheet (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise)
which are, individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, results
of operations or financial condition of Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, except for liabilities incurred since the date of the Company Balance
Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement.

   
2.6 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as disclosed in the Company
SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof or disclosed in Part 2.6 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, since the date of the Company Balance Sheet, Company
and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary
course and in a manner consistent with past practice and, since such date,
there has not been (i) any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered
by insurance) with respect to Company or any of its Subsidiaries having a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; (ii) any material change
by Company in its accounting methods, principles or practices to which Parent
has not previously consented in writing; (iii) any revaluation by Company of
any of its assets having a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;
or (iv) any other action or event that, individually or in the aggregate, has
had a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company.

   2.7 Taxes.

   (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, the terms "Tax" and, collectively,
"Taxes" mean (i) any and all federal, state, local and foreign taxes,
assessments and other governmental charges, duties, impositions and
liabilities, including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts, income,
profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer,
gains, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise,
unemployment insurance, social security, business license, occupation, business
organization, stamp, environmental and property taxes, together with all
interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts, (ii)
any liability for payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (i) as
a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary
group, and (iii) any liability for amounts of the type described in clauses (i)
and (ii) as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify another
person or as a result of any obligations under any agreements or arrangements
with any other person with respect to such amounts and including any liability
for taxes of a predecessor entity.

   (b) Company, each of its Subsidiaries and any consolidated, combined,
unitary or affiliated group in which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or
has been a member, have (i) filed all federal, state, local and foreign Tax
returns and reports required to be filed by them (taking into account
applicable extensions), and (ii) paid or accrued all Taxes due and payable,
whether or not shown on such Tax returns or reports (other than amounts being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings), except in the case of
clause (i) or (ii) for any such filings, payments or accruals which are not
reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.
Neither the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") nor any
other taxing authority has asserted any claim for taxes, or to the knowledge of
the executive officers of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is threatening to
assert any claims for Taxes, which claims, individually or in the aggregate,
are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.
Neither
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been delinquent in the payment of any
material Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency outstanding, proposed or
assessed against Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor has Company or any of
its subsidiaries executed any unexpired waiver of any statute of limitations on
or extending the period for the assessment or collection of any Tax.
No audit
or other examination of any Return of Company or any of its subsidiaries by any
Tax authority is presently in progress, nor has Company or any of its
subsidiaries been notified of any

                                      I-14

request for such an audit or other examination that is reasonably likely to
result in any adjustment that is material to Company.
No adjustment relating to
any Returns filed by Company or any of its subsidiaries has been proposed in
writing formally or informally by any Tax authority to Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any representative thereof that is reasonably likely to be
material to Company.
Company and each of its Subsidiaries have withheld or
collected and paid over to the appropriate governmental authorities (or are
properly holding for such timely payment) all Taxes required by law to be
withheld or collected, except for amounts which are not reasonably likely,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has filed any consent agreement
under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the
Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in Section
341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Company.
There are no liens for Taxes upon the
assets of Company or its Subsidiaries (other than liens for Taxes that are not
yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings),
except for liens which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company.

   
(c) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is party to or has any
obligation under any tax-sharing, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or
arrangement.

   
(d)
Except as may be required as a result of the Merger, Company and its
subsidiaries have not been and will not be required to include any adjustment
in Taxable income for any Tax period (or portion thereof) pursuant to Section
481 or Section 262A of the Code or any comparable provision under state or
foreign Tax laws as a result of transactions, events or accounting methods
employed prior to the Closing.

   (e) Company has not been distributed in a transaction qualifying under
Section 355 of the Code within the last two years, nor has Company distributed
any corporation in a transaction qualifying under Section 355 of the Code
within the last two years.

   
(f) There is no agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company or any of
its subsidiaries is a party, including this Agreement and the agreements
entered into in connection with this Agreement, covering any employee or former
employee of Company or any of its subsidiaries that, individually or
collectively, would be reasonably likely to give rise to the payment of any
amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of
the Code.
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company
is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any individual for excise
taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.

   
(g) Company is not aware of any fact, circumstance, plan or intention on the
part of Company that would be reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a "reorganization" pursuant to the provisions of Section 368 of
the Code.

   
2.8 Title to Properties.

   (a) Company has provided to Parent a true and complete list of all material
real property leased by Company or its Subsidiaries (collectively "Material
Lease(s)") and the location of the premises.
Neither Company nor any subsidiary
is in default under such leases, except where the existence of such defaults,
individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to Company.

   (b) Company owns no real property.

   2.9 Intellectual Property.

   
(a) Except as disclosed in Section 2.09 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
Company and its Subsidiaries own, or are licensed or otherwise possess legally
enforceable rights to use, all patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks,
copyrights and mask works, any applications for and registrations of such
patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights and mask works, and
all processes, formulae, methods schematics, technology, know how, computer
software programs or applications and tangible or intangible proprietary
information or material that are necessary to conduct the business of Company
and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or planned to be conducted by
Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Company Intellectual Property Rights").

                                      
I-15

   (b)
Except as disclosed in Section 2.09 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or will be as a result of the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, in breach of any material license, sublicense or other
agreement relating to the Company Intellectual Property Rights or any material
license, sublicense or other agreement pursuant to which Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is authorized to use any third party patents, trademarks or
copyrights, including software, which are incorporated in or form a part of any
product of Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is material to the business
of Company and its Subsidiaries, taking Company and its Subsidiaries together
as a whole, and where such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect on
Company.

   
(c) Company has not received written notice from any third party that the
operation of the business of Company or any act, product or service of Company,
infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any third party or
constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any
jurisdiction, which allegation, if true, would have a Material Adverse Effect
to Company.

   
(d)
To the knowledge of Company, no person has or is infringing or
misappropriating any Company Intellectual Property, which infringement or
misappropriation, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect to Company.

   
(e) Company and its subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Company's and its subsidiaries' rights in Company's and such subsidiaries'
confidential information and trade secrets, except where the failure to do so
would not have a Material Adverse Effect to Company.

   
(f) Except as disclosed in Section 2.09 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
(i) all patents, registered trademarks, service marks and copyrights which are
held by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which are material to the
business of Company and its Subsidiaries, taking Company and its Subsidiaries
together as a whole, are valid and subsisting; (ii) Company has not been sued
in any suit, action or proceeding which involves a claim of infringement of any
patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights or violation of any trade secret
or other proprietary right of any third party; and (iii) the manufacturing,
marketing, licensing or sale of Company's products and services does not
infringe any patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, trade secret or other
proprietary right of any third party, which infringement, either individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.

   
(g) None of the Company Intellectual Property or product or service of
Company contains any significant defect in connection with processing data
containing dates in leap years or in the year 2000 or any preceding of
following years, which defects, individually or in the aggregate, would have an
Material Adverse Effect to Company.

   
2.10 Compliance with Laws.
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied
with, is not in violation of, and has not received any notices of violation
with respect to, any federal, state or local statute, law or regulation with
respect to the conduct of its business, or the ownership or operation of its
business, except for failures to comply or violations which, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to Company.

   2.11 Litigation.
There are no claims, suits, actions or proceedings pending
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against, relating to or affecting
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, before any Governmental Entity or any
arbitrator that seeks to restrain or enjoin the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which could reasonably be
expected, either singularly or in the aggregate with all such claims, actions
or proceedings, to have a Material Adverse Effect to Company or on the
Surviving Corporation following the Merger or have a material adverse effect on
the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger.
No director or
executive officer of Company has asserted a claim to seek indemnification from
Company under the Company Charter Documents or any indemnification agreement
between Company and such person.

                                      
I-16

   2.12 Employee Benefit Plans.

   
(a) Company has listed in Part 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter all
employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) and all bonus, stock option,
stock purchase, incentive, deferred compensation, supplemental retirement,
severance and other similar employee benefit plans, written or otherwise, for
the benefit of, or relating to, any current or former employee of Company or
any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member or which
is under common control with Company (an "ERISA Affiliate") within the meaning
of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code, or any Subsidiary of Company and
all unexpired severance agreements with respect to any officer of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries who is subject tot Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(together, the "Company Employee Plans").

   
(b) With respect to each Company Employee Plan, Company has made available
to Parent, a true and correct copy of (i) the most recent annual report (Form
5500) filed with the IRS, (ii) such Company Employee Plan, (iii) each trust
agreement and group annuity contract, if any, relating to such Company Employee
Plan and (iv) the most recent actuarial report or valuation relating to a
Company Employee Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA.

   
(c) With respect to the Company Employee Plans, individually and in the
aggregate, no event has occurred, and to the knowledge of Company, there exists
no condition or set of circumstances in connection with which Company could be
subject to any liability that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect to Company under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code or any other
applicable law.

   
(d)
With respect to the Company Employee Plans, individually and in the
aggregate, there are no funded benefit obligations for which contributions have
not been made or properly accrued and there are no unfunded benefit obligations
which have not been accounted for by reserves, or otherwise properly footnoted
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, on the financial
statements of Company, which obligations are reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect to Company.

   
(e) Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any oral or written: (i) agreement
with any officer of Company or any of its Subsidiaries providing any term of
employment or compensation guarantee extending for a period longer than one
year from the date hereof and for the payment of compensation in excess of
$200,000 per annum; (ii) agreement with any executive officer or other employee
thereof (A) the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are
materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any of the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or any ancillary agreement, (B) providing any term of employment
or compensation guarantee, or (C) providing severance benefits or other
benefits after the termination of employment of such employee regardless of the
reason for such termination of employment, except as required by applicable
law; or (iii) agreement or plan, including any stock option plan, stock
appreciation rights plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of which
will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated, by
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any ancillary agreement, or
the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any ancillary
agreement.

   
(f) Except, in each case, as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, Company and each of its
subsidiaries: (i) is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting
employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, in each case, with respect to Company Employees; and (ii) has
withheld all amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld from the
wages, salaries and other payments to Company Employees;

   (g) None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is bound by or subject to (and
none of its assets or properties is bound by or subject to) any written or
oral, express or implied, contract, commitment or arrangement with any labor
union, and no labor union has requested or, to the Company's knowledge, has
sought to represent any of the employees representatives or agents of the
Company.
No work stoppage or labor strike against Company is pending,
threatened or reasonably anticipated.
Company does not know of any

                                      I-17

activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any Company Employees.

There are no actions, suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, or,
to the knowledge of Company, threatened relating to any labor, safety or
discrimination matters involving any Company Employee, including charges of
unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, which, if adversely
determined, would, individually or in the aggregate, result in any Material
Adverse Effect to Company.
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
engaged in any unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor
Relations Act.
Company is not presently, nor has it been in the past, a party
to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or union contract with
respect to Company Employees and no collective bargaining agreement is being
negotiated by Company.

   
(h)
Each Company International Employee Plan has been established,
maintained and administered in material compliance with its terms and
conditions and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutory or
regulatory laws that are applicable to such Company International Employee
Plan.
No Company International Employee Plan has material unfunded liabilities
that, as of the Effective Time, will not be offset by insurance or that are not
fully accrued on the Company balance sheet.
Except as required by law, no
condition exists that would prevent the Company or any subsidiary from
terminating or amending any Company International Employee Plan at any time for
any reason in accordance with the terms of each such Company International
Employee Plan (other than expenses typically incurred in a termination event).

"Company International Employee Plan" shall mean each Company Employee Plan
that has been adopted or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary, whether
informally or formally, for the benefit of Company Employees outside the United
States.

   2.13 Environmental Matters.

   
(a) Hazardous Material.
Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect
to Company, no underground storage tanks and no amount of any substance that
has been designated by any Governmental Entity or by applicable federal, state
or local law to be radioactive, toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to
health or the environment, including, without limitation, PCBs, asbestos,
petroleum, urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as hazardous substances
pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or defined as a hazardous waste pursuant to
the United States Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended,
and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws, but excluding office and
janitorial supplies (a "Hazardous Material") are present, as a result of the
actions of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any affiliate of Company, or,
to Company's knowledge, as a result of any actions of any third party or
otherwise, in, on or under any property, including the land and the
improvements, ground water and surface water thereof that Company or any of its
subsidiaries has at any time owned, operated, occupied or leased.

   (b) Hazardous Materials Activities.
Except as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect to Company (in any individual case or in the aggregate) (i)
neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has transported, stored, used,
manufactured, disposed of released or exposed its employees or others to
Hazardous Materials in violation of any law in effect on or before the Closing
Date, and (ii) neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has disposed of,
transported, sold, used, released, exposed its employees or others to or
manufactured any product containing a Hazardous Material (collectively
"Hazardous Materials Activities") in violation of any rule, regulation, treaty
or statute promulgated by any Governmental Entity in effect prior to or as of
the date hereof to prohibit, regulate or control Hazardous Materials or any
Hazardous Material Activity.

   (c) Permits.
Company and its subsidiaries currently hold all environmental
approvals, permits, licenses, clearances and consents ("Environmental Permits")
material to and necessary for the conduct of Company's and its subsidiaries'
Hazardous Material Activities and other businesses of Company and its
subsidiaries as such activities and businesses are currently being conducted.

   
(d) Environmental Liabilities.
No material action, proceeding, revocation
proceeding, amendment procedure, writ or injunction is pending, and to
Company's knowledge, no material action, proceeding, revocation proceeding,
amendment procedure, writ or injunction has been threatened by any Governmental
Entity against Company or any of its subsidiaries in a writing delivered to
Company concerning any Environmental Permit of Company, Hazardous Material or
any Hazardous Materials Activity of Company or

                                      I-18

any of its subsidiaries.
Company is not aware of any fact or circumstance which
reasonably could be expected to involve Company or any of its subsidiaries in
any environmental litigation or impose upon Company any environmental
liability, with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect to
Company.

   
2.14 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments..
Neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement which would require payment of in
excess of $1.0 million in 2001.
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor
to Company's knowledge, any other party thereto, is in breach, violation or
default under, and neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted, any of the terms or
conditions of any material agreement, contract or commitment to which it is a
party or by which any of its assets and properties are bound ("Company Material
Contracts") in such a manner as, individually or in the aggregate, is
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.
Each Company
Material Contract that has not expired by its terms, is in full force and
effect and is not subject to any material default hereunder which Company is
aware by any party obligated to Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to
such Company Material Contract.

   2.15 Disclosure.

   
(a) The information supplied by Company for inclusion in the Form S-4 (or
any similar successor form thereto) Registration Statement to be filed by
Parent with the SEC in connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in
the Merger (the "Registration Statement") shall not at the time the
Registration Statement is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.
The information
supplied by Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the proxy
statement/prospectus to be filed with the SEC as part of the Registration
Statement (the "Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus") shall not, on the date the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus is mailed to Company's stockholders or to
Parent's stockholders, at the time of the meeting of Company's stockholders
(the "Company Stockholders' Meeting") to consider the Company Stockholder
Approvals, at the time of the meeting of Parent's stockholders meeting (the
"Parent Stockholders' Meeting") to obtain the Parent Stockholder Approvals (as
defined in Section 5.3(b)) or as of the Effective Time, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading; or
omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any statement in any
earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the
Company Stockholders' Meeting or Parent Stockholders' Meeting which has become
false or misleading.
The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to
form in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
If at any time prior to
the Effective Time any event relating to Company or any of its affiliates,
officers or directors should be discovered by Company which is required to be
set forth in an amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Company shall promptly inform Parent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company makes no representation or warranty with
respect to any information supplied by Parent or Merger Sub which is contained
in any of the foregoing documents.

   
(b) The Board of Directors of Company has, as of the date hereof, adopted
the restructuring plan set forth in Part 2.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter
(the "Company Interim Plan").

   
2.16 Board Approval.