URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/895462/000101287001500384/0001012870-01-500384.txt

Background of the merger

   In March 2000, Novell engaged Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated as financial
advisors to assist in considering strategic options, including possible
acquisitions and business combinations.
During the latter part of 2000 and
early 2001, senior management and the board of directors of Novell considered
various strategic alternatives to increase stockholder value, including a sale
of Novell in whole or in part and a spin-off or joint venture involving Novell
subsidiaries.

   
On January 19, 2001, following a meeting of the Novell board in San Jose,
California, Dr. Eric E. Schmidt, chairman, president and chief executive
officer of Novell, approached Jack L. Messman, the president, chief executive
officer and a director of Cambridge, regarding a possible strategic combination
between the two companies.
Mr. Messman is currently, and has been since 1985, a
director of Novell and he is also a director of Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.
Dr.
Schmidt and Mr. Messman discussed the companies' histories, relevant
operational issues, stockholder bases and key employees.

   
On February 1, 2001, the Novell board of directors met to consider the
potential acquisition of Cambridge.
The board considered the possibility of Mr.
Messman becoming the chief executive officer of a combined entity.
The board
authorized management to continue discussions with Cambridge.

   
On February 2, 2001, Dr. Schmidt called Mr. Messman to continue their
discussion and during this discussion Dr. Schmidt suggested that Mr. Messman
replace him as president and chief executive officer of Novell effective upon
the closing of any eventual transaction between the parties.

   
On February 6, 2001, Dr. Schmidt, Mr. Messman and Warren V. Musser, the
chairman of the board of Cambridge and, at the time, the chief executive
officer of Safeguard, met in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to continue these
discussions.

   
On February 7, 2001, Cambridge retained Salomon Smith Barney Inc. as its
financial advisor and Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP as its special transaction
counsel in connection with a possible transaction with Novell.
Salomon Smith
Barney received several inquiries from industry participants and financial
investors regarding potential transactions involving Cambridge.
None of the
inquiries received by Salomon Smith Barney resulted in serious negotiations and
no party other than Novell conducted due diligence.

   
Also on February 7, 2001, Dennis Raney, executive vice president and chief
financial officer of Novell, met with members of Cambridge management in
Cambridge, Massachusetts to discuss the merits of combining Novell's and
Cambridge's operations.

   
On February 9, 2001, the Cambridge board of directors met to discuss a
possible transaction with Novell.
At the meeting, Mr. Messman outlined the
advantages and disadvantages of such a transaction.
Following Mr. Messman's
presentation, Howard L. Shecter of Morgan Lewis made a presentation to the
board regarding the directors' duties and responsibilities in considering a
potential transaction with Novell.
Salomon Smith Barney then made a
presentation to the board regarding possible transaction structures.
The
attorneys for Novell and Cambridge began conducting their respective legal due
diligence reviews on February 9, 2001.

   
On February 10, 2001, Willard Smith, Novell's vice president of mergers and
acquisitions, and representatives from Ernst & Young LLP, Novell's auditors and
Morgan Stanley met in Cambridge, Massachusetts with members of Cambridge's
management team, including Mr. Messman, Joseph A. LaSala, Jr., senior vice
president, general counsel and secretary, John J. Gavin Jr., senior vice
president, chief financial officer and treasurer, Gerard Van Kemmel, executive
vice president and chief operating officer, and Alan J. Friedman, senior vice
president--human resources, and Salomon Smith Barney, to conduct business and
financial due diligence.

   
On February 12, 2001, Mr. Messman met in San Jose, California with Dr.
Schmidt, John A. Young, a director of Novell, and Larry W. Sonsini, a director
of Novell and a member of Novell's outside legal counsel, Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, to have further discussions
regarding a possible transaction between Cambridge and Novell.

   
Also on February 12, 2001, members of Cambridge management, including Mr.
LaSala, Mr. Gavin, Mr. Friedman, and Gary F. Schuster, senior vice president--
communications, and Salomon Smith Barney met in San Jose, California with
members of Novell management, including Mr. Raney, Mr. Smith, Dr. Carl S.
Ledbetter, chief technology officer, Alex Salehi, vice president of worldwide
consulting services and Ronald Foster, vice president and corporate controller
and Morgan Stanley, to conduct business and financial due diligence on Novell.

   
During the period between February 12, 2001 and March 12, 2001, Wilson
Sonsini and Morgan Lewis continued their respective legal due diligence reviews
and engaged in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed
merger.

   
The Novell board of directors met on February 13, 2001 and was updated by
management and its legal and financial advisors on the status of discussions
with Cambridge.
On February 14, 2001, Mr. Messman had a

telephone conversation with Dr. Schmidt, and Dr. Schmidt invited Mr. Messman to
make a presentation to the Novell board of directors.

   
On February 25, 2001, Dr. Schmidt, Mr. Messman and Mr. Gavin met in San
Jose, California with Salomon Smith Barney to discuss the merits of the
proposed strategic combination.

   
On February 26, 2001, Mr. Messman, Mr. Gavin and Salomon Smith Barney met
with representatives from Morgan Stanley to review the merits of the proposed
strategic combination.

   
On February 26, 2001 and February 27, 2001, members of the Novell and
Cambridge senior management teams and their respective financial advisors held
a series of conference calls and meetings to review preliminary terms and
continue discussions regarding a proposed combination.
As part of these
discussions, Mr. Messman and Mr. Gavin met in San Jose, California with Messrs.
Schmidt, Young and Sonsini.

   
On February 27, 2001, the Novell board of directors met to discuss the
results of the meetings between the management teams of Novell and Cambridge.

At the meeting, Novell's legal advisors reviewed the fiduciary duties of the
board with regard to the proposed transaction.
Additionally, Mr. Messman met
with members of Novell senior management in Provo, Utah.

   
On February 28, 2001, members of the Cambridge board of directors met with
Cambridge senior management and Salomon Smith Barney to discuss the status of
discussions between Novell and Cambridge.
Mr. Messman provided a detailed
review, including a summary of the diligence efforts and review of the
strategic rationale and financial rationale for the proposed transaction.

   
From March 2, 2001 through March 6, 2001, Novell and its financial advisors
met with Cambridge and its financial advisor in the United States and in Europe
to conduct further due diligence and review the potential transaction benefits.

   
From March 6, 2001 through March 11, 2001, representatives from Novell and
Cambridge and its financial advisor and their respective advisors continued to
negotiate the terms of the proposed merger, including the exchange ratio,
restrictions on Cambridge's ability to pursue alternative transactions,
representations, warranties, consents, termination provisions and conditions to
the closing of the merger.

   
On March 8, 2001, the Novell board of directors met to review reports by
Novell's management and Novell's legal and financial advisors on the status of
due diligence and negotiations with Cambridge.
The board discussed the reports
and instructed management and Novell's legal and financial advisors to continue
with due diligence and negotiations.

   
On March 9, 2001, the Cambridge board met via telephone.
Present at the
meeting were the directors, senior management of Cambridge, Salomon Smith
Barney and Howard L. Shecter of Morgan Lewis.
Mr. Messman began the meeting by
reviewing the status of the proposed transaction with Novell and by providing a
strategic overview.
He then summarized the diligence efforts to date.
Salomon
Smith Barney then made a presentation, providing an overview of their
preliminary analysis of the proposed transaction, a detailed review of the
information technology services sector and strategic rationale for the
transaction and possible concerns and challenges associated with it.
Salomon
Smith Barney also reviewed, at Mr. Messman's request, the side-by-side
financial analysis of the two companies.
Mr. Shecter then made a presentation
summarizing the status of negotiations on the merger agreement and the results
of Morgan Lewis's diligence review to date.
Mr. Gavin then updated the board on
Cambridge's financial due diligence review of Novell.

   
On March 12, 2001, the Novell board met with Novell management and its
advisors to review the proposed terms of the acquisition of Cambridge.
At the
meeting, Novell's legal advisors discussed the terms of the merger agreement
and related documents.
Novell's financial advisors then gave a presentation to
the board.


The board discussed, among other things, the status of negotiations, the
potential benefits and risks of the transaction and the principal terms of the
proposed merger.
Following discussion, the Novell board approved the
transaction on the terms presented with instructions to management to negotiate
and finalize the open issues and to sign the merger agreement later that day.

   
Also on March 12, 2001, the Cambridge board met to review the terms of the
transaction.
At this meeting, the members of management of Cambridge discussed
the results of the negotiations and the terms of the proposed merger, including
status and timing of the transaction, pricing and valuation of the proposed
merger, strategies and business opportunities with Novell, various business
issues relating to the merger, and a review of Novell's financial performance
and prospects.
Mr. Shecter made a presentation to the Cambridge board during
which he reminded the directors of their duties and responsibilities under
Delaware law.
He then summarized the results of Morgan Lewis's due diligence
review and outlined the terms of the proposed merger agreement, including
restrictions on Cambridge's ability to pursue alternative transactions, closing
conditions and termination provisions, the voting agreement, affiliate
agreements and other relevant documents.
Lastly, Mr. Shecter identified the
final outstanding legal issues, and he apprised the Cambridge board that some
officers and directors of Cambridge, including Mr. Messman, had interests which
might conflict with the interests of Cambridge stockholders.
Following Mr.
Shecter's presentation, Salomon Smith Barney presented an analysis of the
financial terms of the proposed merger with Novell and delivered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing as of March 12, 2001, as to the
fairness of the exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to the holders
of Cambridge common stock.
Following these presentations and the related
discussions by the Cambridge board, the Cambridge board of directors concluded
that the merger was in the best interests of Cambridge stockholders, declared
the merger advisable, approved the proposed terms of the merger and the merger
agreement in substantially the form presented, authorized Cambridge's officers
to complete the negotiations and execute the merger agreement and resolved to
recommend that Cambridge stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement.
In
connection with the merger, the board also resolved to amend the Cambridge
stockholder rights plan to exempt Novell and the merger from the provisions of
the rights plan.
Warren Musser, a Cambridge director who was then the chief
executive officer of Safeguard, abstained from the vote citing unique
investment company issues faced by Safeguard as a result of the proposed
transaction as the reason for abstention.

   
After the close of trading on March 12, 2001, Cambridge, Novell and Ceres
Neptune entered into the merger agreement and Mr. Messman entered into a voting
agreement with Novell.
In addition, Cambridge amended its stockholder rights
plan.
Immediately following the signing of the merger agreement, Novell and
Cambridge issued a joint press release announcing the merger.


Joint reasons for the merger

   The boards of directors of Novell and Cambridge have determined that a
combined company would be positioned to compete more effectively in the market,
thereby increasing the potential for improved long-term operating and financial
results.
In particular, the boards believe that the merger will create the
opportunity for Novell and Cambridge to:

  .
provide their customers with new Web-based products and services that
    will better serve the needs of customers;

  .
develop software products that help extend businesses to better utilize
    the Internet; and

  .
develop products around leading application platforms and other
    information technology resources supported by Net services software from
    Novell.


Recommendation of, and factors considered by, the Cambridge board of directors

   At a meeting of the Cambridge board of directors on March 12, 2001, after
due consideration, the Cambridge board:

  .
determined that the merger is in the best interests of Cambridge and its
    stockholders;

  .
approved the merger and the merger agreement; and

  .
determined to recommend that the stockholders of Cambridge adopt the
    merger agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby.


Accordingly, the Cambridge board of directors recommends that the Cambridge
stockholders vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement.

   
In reaching its decision to approve the merger and to recommend such merger
to its stockholders, the board of directors consulted with Cambridge senior
management and with Cambridge's advisors, Salomon Smith Barney and Morgan
Lewis.
In reaching its decision, the board considered all of the reasons
described above under "Joint Reasons for the Merger," including the board's
belief that a combined company would be positioned to compete more effectively
in the market, thereby increasing the potential for improved long-term
operating and financial results.
The Cambridge board also considered the
following factors which it believes favor approval of the merger:

  .
Merger Consideration--The Cambridge board analyzed the market value of
    the Novell common stock to be issued in exchange for each share of
    Cambridge common stock in light of comparable merger transactions.

  .
Opinion of Salomon Smith Barney--The Cambridge board considered the
    opinion of Salomon Smith Barney, issued on March 12, 2001 to the
    Cambridge board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point
    of view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of Cambridge common stock.
    
A copy of the Salomon Smith Barney opinion is attached as Annex B hereto.

  .
Presentation of Salomon Smith Barney--The Cambridge board considered the
    various financial information, valuation analyses and other factors set
    forth in the presentation by Salomon Smith Barney at the Cambridge board
    meeting on March 12, 2001, including those described below in the section
    entitled "Opinion of Cambridge's financial advisor.
"

  .
Historical Information--The Cambridge board considered historical
    information concerning Novell's and Cambridge's respective businesses,
    financial performance and conditions, operations, technologies,
    management and competitive positions, including public reports concerning
    results of operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal
    quarter for each company filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission.

  .
Market Conditions--The Cambridge board considered current financial
    market conditions, historical market prices, and volatility and trading
    information with respect to Novell common stock and Cambridge common
    stock.

  .
Available Alternatives--The Cambridge board considered potential
    transactions with third parties based on inquiries made by Salomon Smith
    Barney at the direction of Cambridge management, as well as Cambridge
    management's view on the potential for other third parties to enter into
    strategic relationships with, or to acquire, Cambridge.

  .
Possible Decline in Market Price of Cambridge Shares--The Cambridge board
    considered the possibility that if a transaction with Novell is not
    consummated and Cambridge remained a publicly owned corporation, the
    price that might be received by Cambridge stockholders in the open market
    or in a future transaction might be less than the consideration to be
    received pursuant to the merger.

  .
Terms of the Merger Agreement--The Cambridge board considered the terms
    of the merger agreement, including, among others, the circumstances under
    which the Cambridge board may withdraw its recommendation of the merger,
    the Cambridge board's ability to consider a superior acquisition proposal
    and the conditions to closing of the merger.

  .
Tax-Deferred Nature of Transaction--The Cambridge board noted that the
    merger is expected to be a tax-deferred transaction.

  .
Transaction Accounted for as a Purchase--The Cambridge board noted that
    the merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase transaction.

  .
Trends in the Industry--The Cambridge board considered various trends in
    the information technology industry and the effect of industry
    consolidation on Cambridge's ability to compete effectively in existing
    markets.

  .
Board Representation--The Cambridge board considered the fact that the
    merger agreement provides for the appointment of two Cambridge
    representatives to the board of directors of Novell effective upon the
    closing of the merger.
The Cambridge board also noted that Jack L.
    Messman, the president and chief executive officer of Cambridge,
    currently serves on the Novell board and would continue to serve on the
    Novell board following the closing.

  .
President and Chief Executive Officer--The Cambridge board considered
    Novell's proposal that Jack L. Messman assume the position of president
    and chief executive officer of Novell effective upon the closing of the
    merger.

   
Cambridge's board of directors also identified and considered a variety of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including, but not limited to:

  .
the possibility that the merger might not be consummated, and the fact
    that under some circumstances Cambridge might be required to pay a
    termination fee to Novell;

  .
the potential conflict between the interests of some Cambridge officers
    and directors, including Mr. Messman, and the interests of Cambridge
    stockholders;

  .
the effect that the public announcement of the merger might have on
    Cambridge's sales and operating results, Cambridge's ability to attract
    and retain key personnel and the progress of Cambridge's current
    development and marketing projects;

  .
the risk that potential benefits sought in the merger might not be fully
    realized, that some of Cambridge's customers may view Novell as their
    competitor and seek to terminate their relationships with Cambridge and
    that the combined company may not be able to retain key personnel;

  .
the risk that, following the merger, some customers of Cambridge may view
    Cambridge as incapable of providing disinterested advice regarding
    software solutions;

  .
the limitations placed on Cambridge relating to its ability to pursue
    alternative transactions and to conduct its business prior to the
    closing; and

  .
the substantial costs to be incurred in connection with the merger,
    including the costs of integrating the businesses and transaction
    expenses arising from the merger.

   
After due consideration and discussion, Cambridge's board of directors
decided that these risks were outweighed by the potential benefits of the
merger.

   
The foregoing discussion is not exhaustive of all the factors considered by
Cambridge's board.
Each member of Cambridge's board may have considered
different factors, and the board did not quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to factors considered.

   
After considering the recommendation of the board of directors with respect
to the merger agreement, you should be aware that some directors and officers
of Cambridge have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, the interests of Cambridge stockholders generally.
Please see the
section entitled "Interests of Cambridge directors and officers in the merger"
beginning on page 41 of this proxy statement-prospectus.


Factors considered by the Novell board of directors

   The board of directors of Novell considered factors that it believes will
contribute to the success of the combined companies, including the following:

  .
enhanced solution selling capabilities;

  .
increased pace of Web-based deployments of business processes to
    accelerate revenue growth;

  .
expanded customer relationships among senior business managers;

  .
closer customer relationships with feedback to gain competitive advantage
    in the development of Net services software products and solutions
    support;

  .
accelerated introduction of Novell technology to clients, information
    technology services partners, and other leading independent software
    vendors;

  .
increased percentage of revenue derived from services;

  .
expanded management expertise around the design and delivery of
    solutions;

  .
enhanced ability to support complex solutions in the Internet and
    eBusiness marketplace;

  .
increased customer loyalty as a Net Services software vendor with design,
    implementation and maintenance services for business solutions;

  .
improved operating margins through elimination of redundant costs in the
    combined entity; and

  .
enhanced business model resulting in revenue synergy by combining
    software products with solution services to support the deployment of
    business processes and Web-based applications to the Internet.

   
After taking into account these and other factors, the Novell board of
directors unanimously determined that the merger agreement was in the best
interests of Novell and its stockholders and that Novell should enter into the
merger agreement and complete the merger.


Opinion of Cambridge's financial advisor

   On February 7, 2001, Salomon Smith Barney was retained to act as financial
advisor to Cambridge in connection with the merger.
Pursuant to Salomon Smith
Barney's engagement letter with Cambridge, Salomon Smith Barney rendered an
opinion to the Cambridge board of directors on March 12, 2001, to the effect
that, based upon and subject to the considerations and limitations set forth in
the opinion, its work described below and other factors it deemed relevant, as
of that date, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
holders of Cambridge common stock.

   
The full text of Salomon Smith Barney's opinion, which sets forth the
assumptions made, general procedures followed, matters considered and limits on
the review undertaken, is included as Annex B to this document.
The summary of
Salomon Smith Barney's opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.
Stockholders are urged to read
Salomon Smith Barney's opinion carefully and in its entirety.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney reviewed a draft of the
merger agreement, dated March 10, 2001, and held discussions with certain
senior officers and other representatives and advisors of each of Cambridge and
Novell concerning the businesses, operations and prospects of Cambridge and
Novell.
Salomon Smith Barney examined certain publicly available business and
financial information relating to Cambridge and Novell.
Salomon Smith Barney
reviewed the financial terms of the merger as set forth in the merger agreement
in relation to, among other things, current and historical market prices and
trading volumes of Cambridge common stock and Novell common stock, the
historical and projected earnings and other operating data of Cambridge and
Novell, and the historical and projected capitalization and financial condition
of Cambridge and Novell.
Salomon Smith Barney considered, to the extent
publicly available, the financial

terms of certain other similar transactions recently effected which Salomon
Smith Barney considered relevant in evaluating the merger and analyzed certain
financial, stock market and other publicly available information relating to
the businesses of other companies whose operations Salomon Smith Barney
considered relevant in evaluating those of Cambridge and Novell.
In addition to
the foregoing, Salomon Smith Barney conducted such other analyses and
examinations and considered such other information and financial, economic and
market criteria as Salomon Smith Barney deemed appropriate in arriving at its
opinion.

   
In rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney assumed and relied, without
independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial
and other information and data publicly available or
furnished to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with it.
With respect to
financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise
reviewed by or discussed with Salomon Smith Barney, Salomon Smith Barney was
advised by the managements of Cambridge and Novell that such forecasts and
other information and data had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of Cambridge and Novell
management as to the future financial performance of Cambridge and Novell.

Salomon Smith Barney expressed no view with respect to such forecasts and other
information and data or the assumptions on which they were based.
Salomon Smith
Barney assumed, with the consent of the Cambridge board of directors, that the
merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization for United States federal
income purposes.
Salomon Smith Barney did not make and was not provided with an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or
otherwise) of Cambridge or Novell, nor did it make any physical inspection of
the properties or assets of Cambridge or Novell.
Cambridge advised Salomon
Smith Barney, and Salomon Smith Barney assumed, that the final terms of the
merger agreement would not vary materially from those set forth in the draft
reviewed by it.
Salomon Smith Barney further assumed that the merger would be
consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement without waiver
of any of the conditions precedent to the merger contained in the merger
agreement.

   
Salomon Smith Barney did not express any opinion as to what the value of the
Novell common stock actually will be when issued in the merger or the price at
which Novell common stock will trade subsequent to the merger.
Salomon Smith
Barney was not requested to consider, and its opinion did not address, the
relative merits of the merger as compared to any alternative business
strategies that might exist for Cambridge or the effect of any other
transaction in which Cambridge might engage.
Salomon Smith Barney's opinion
necessarily was based on information available to it and financial, stock
market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed to it as
of the date of its opinion.

   
Salomon Smith Barney's advisory services and opinion were provided for the
information of Cambridge's board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed
merger and does not constitute a recommendation of the merger to Cambridge or
its stockholders, nor does it constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as
to how such stockholder should vote on any matter relating to the merger.

   
In connection with rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney made a
presentation to the Cambridge board of directors on March 12, 2001, with
respect to the material analyses performed by Salomon Smith Barney in
evaluating the fairness of the exchange ratio.
The following is a summary of
that presentation.
The summary includes information presented in tabular
format.
In order to understand fully the financial analyses used by Salomon
Smith Barney, these tables must be read together with the text of each summary.

The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.
The following quantitative information, to the extent it is based on
market data, is, except as otherwise indicated, based on market data as it
existed at or prior to March 9, 2001, and is not necessarily indicative of
current or future market conditions.

   
Comparable companies analyses.

   
Salomon Smith Barney compared financial, operating and stock market
information for each of Cambridge and Novell, with the same information for
selected publicly traded companies that operate in the same sectors as each of
Cambridge and Novell.
For Cambridge, Salomon Smith Barney selected the
following comparable companies operating in the systems integrators sector:

  .
CIBER Inc.;

  .
Computer Horizons Corp.;

  .
Covansys;

  .
iGate Capital Corporation;

  .
IMRglobal Corp.;

  .
marchFIRST, Inc.; and

  .
Modis Professional Services, Inc.

Given Novell's mix of products and services, Salomon Smith Barney selected
comparable companies operating in the following three sectors, each of which is
comparable to one of the three major divisions of Novell's operations:

  .
content-delivery products;

  .
information technology services; and

  .
software.

   
The following table sets forth the comparable companies selected by Salomon
Smith Barney in each of those sectors:

      Content-
      Delivery
      Products     IT Services              Software
      --------     -----------              --------

   Akamai
    Technologies,
    Inc.           
Answerthink, Inc.        BMC Software, Inc.
   CACHEFLOW Inc.  INFORTE CORP.            Remedy Corporation
   Digital
    Island, Inc.   Predictive Systems, Inc.
J.D. Edwards & Co.
   INKTOMI
    CORPORATION    Sapient Corporation      Computer Associates International, Inc.

   The forecasted financial information used by Salomon Smith Barney in the
course of its comparable companies analyses was based on research published by
certain investment banks as well as information published by First Call
Corporation.
First Call Corporation compiles summaries of financial forecasts
published by various investment banking firms.
Calculations were made based on
the closing price per share of each company's common stock on March 9, 2001.
In
deriving ratios for the selected comparable companies, Salomon Smith Barney
made certain adjustments to the relevant data to take into account certain
unusual and nonrecurring items.
In each instance, firm value was calculated as
the sum of:

  .
equity value (common shares on a fully diluted basis valued at the
    closing price per share on March 9, 2001, less any proceeds that would be
    received from the exercise of options or conversion of securities); plus

  .
non-convertible indebtedness; plus

  .
minority interests in subsidiaries; plus

  .
non-convertible preferred stock; plus

  .
all out-of-the-money convertible securities; minus

  .
investments in unconsolidated affiliates and cash.

   
For Novell and the selected comparable companies operating in the content-
delivery products, information technology services and software sectors,
Salomon Smith Barney derived and compared, among other things:

  .
the equity value of each company as of March 9, 2001;

  .
the firm value of each company as of March 9, 2001;

  .
the ratio of the closing price per common share of each company on March
    9, 2001, to (a) its estimated earnings per share (EPS) for 2000, and (b)
    its estimated EPS for 2001;

  .
the estimated revenue growth rate of each company for 2001;

  .
the five year estimated EPS growth rate of each company; and

  .
the ratio of each company's firm value to (a) its estimated revenue for
    2000, and (b) its estimated revenue for 2001.

   
The following tables sets forth the results of these analyses for each of
the three sectors selected by Salomon Smith Barney:

                              SOFTWARE COMPARABLES

                                    Comparable Companies at March    Novell at
                                        9, 2001 Closing Price         Closing
                                   --------------------------------  Price on
                                        Range      Median    Mean     3/9/01
                                   ---------------
-------  -------  ---------
                                             (Dollars in Millions)

Equity Value...................... $   787-$15,578 $ 3,507  $ 5,845   $ 1,949
Firm Value........................ $   590-$19,751 $ 2,946  $ 6,558   $   879
Ratio of Closing Common Share
 Price to:
  (a) Estimated EPS for 2000......   
11.7x-328.1x    20.8x    95.4x    121.3x
  (b) Estimated EPS for 2001......   
14.0x-33.9x     19.5x    21.7x     18.9x
2001 Estimated Revenue Growth.....    
5.7%-24.9%      16.6%    15.9%      3.2%
5-Year Estimated EPS Growth.......   
15.0%-30.0%      20.0%    21.3%     20.0%
Ratio of Firm Value to:
  (a) Estimated Revenue for 2000..    0.9x-3.6x       2.6x     2.4x      0.8x
  (b) Estimated Revenue for 2001..    
0.7x-3.4x       2.3x     2.2x      0.8x

                     CONTENT-DELIVERY PRODUCTS COMPARABLES

                                    Comparable Companies at March    Novell at
                                        9, 2001 Closing Price         Closing
                                   --------------------------------  Price on
                                        Range      Median    Mean     3/9/01
                                   ---------------
-------  -------  ---------
                                             (Dollars in Millions)

Equity Value......................
$   218-$1,280  $   753  $   751   $ 1,949
Firm Value........................
$   103-$1,130  $   484  $   550   $   879
Ratio of Closing Common Share
 Price to:
  (a) Estimated EPS for 2000......   
59.6x-59.6x     59.6x    59.6x    121.3x
  (b) Estimated EPS for 2001......  
258.3x-258.3x   258.3x   258.3x     18.9x
2001 Estimated Revenue Growth.....   
38.1%-221.7%    178.5%   154.2%      3.2%
5-Year Estimated EPS Growth.......   
40.0%-85.0%      45.0%    43.8%     20.0%
Ratio of Firm Value to:
  (a) Estimated Revenue for 2000..    1.1x-12.9x      4.0x     5.5x      0.8x
  (b) Estimated Revenue for 2001..    0.3x-4.8x       2.0x     2.3x      0.8x

                  INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES COMPARABLES

                             Comparable Companies at     Novell at
                           March 9, 2001
Closing Price    Closing
                           ----------------------------  Price on
                               Range      Median  Mean    3/9/01
                           --------------
------  -----  ---------
                                   (Dollars in Millions)

Equity Value.............. $    73-$1,304 $ 178   $ 434   $1,949
Firm Value................ $  (60)-$1,047 $ 132   $ 313   $  879
Ratio of Closing Common
 Share Price to:
  (a) Estimated EPS for
   2000...................   
11.0x-31.3x  20.9x   21.0x   121.3x
  (b) Estimated EPS for
   2001...................
(25.0)x-119.4x 18.2x   32.7x    18.9x
2001 Estimated Revenue
 Growth...................  
(5.6)%-48.6%   12.3%   16.9%     3.2%
5-Year Estimated EPS
 Growth...................   
33.0%-45.0%   37.5%   38.3%    20.0%
Ratio of Firm Value to:
  (a) Estimated Revenue
   for 2000...............    0.7x-2.1x    0.8x    0.7x     0.8x
  (b) Estimated Revenue
   for 2001...............    
0.7x-1.7x    0.8x    0.7x     0.8x

   Based on these data, Salomon Smith Barney derived the following ranges for
the implied firm value of each of Novell's three major divisions as a multiple
of estimated 2001 revenues (i) 0.9x to 1.4x for Novell's Net Directory Services
operations which Salomon Smith Barney considered comparable to the selected
software companies, (ii) 0.8x to 1.2x for Novell's Content Services operations
which Salomon Smith Barney considered comparable to the selected content-
delivery products companies, and (iii) 0.3x to 0.5x for Novell's Customer
Services operations which Salomon Smith Barney considered comparable to the
selected information technology companies.
Using estimates of 2001 revenue for
each of Novell's three major divisions based on information research published
by certain investment banks as well as Novell management estimates, Salomon
Smith Barney derived a range for Novell's implied firm value of $2,019 million
to $2,493 million and a range for the implied equity value per share of Novell
common stock of $6.27 to $7.75.
Using the range derived for the implied equity
value per share of Novell common stock and the exchange ratio in the merger of
0.668, Salomon Smith Barney further derived a range of the implied price per
share of Cambridge common stock in the merger of $4.19 to $5.18.

   
For Cambridge and the selected comparable companies operating in the systems
integrators sector, Salomon Smith Barney derived and compared, among other
things:

  .
the equity value of each company as of March 9, 2001;

  .
the ratio of the closing price per common share of each company on March
    9, 2001, to its estimated EPS for 2000, and its estimated EPS for 2001;

  .
the five year estimated EPS growth rate of each company;

  .
the firm value of each company as of March 9, 2001;

  .
the ratio of each company's firm value to its revenue for the twelve-
    month period ended September 30, 2000, its estimated revenue for 2000,
    and its estimated revenue for 2001; and

  .
each company's twelve month margins for the period ended September 30,
    2000, including gross profits, and earnings before interest expense,
    taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA").

   
The following table sets forth the results of these analyses:

                                Comparable Companies at
                              March 9, 2001 Closing Price           Cambridge
                          -------------------------------------    at Closing
                                Range         Median     Mean    Price on 3/9/01
                          ------------------
--------  --------  ---------------
                                         (Dollars in Thousands)

Equity Value............  $ 130,849-$530,876 $265,000  $279,238     $215,229
Ratio of Closing Common
 Share Price to:
  (a) Estimated EPS for          12.0x-54.9x    19.6x     31.1x  No EPS Forecast
   2000.................                                            for 2000
  (b) Estimated EPS for           8.8x-30.6x    10.3x     15.3x  No EPS Forecast
   2001.................                                            for 2000
5-Year Estimated EPS
 Growth.................         
15.0%-30.0%     20.0%     20.1%      22.5%
Firm Value..............  
$(84,957)-$860,653 $288,660  $292,861     $118,538
Ratio of Firm Value to:
  (a) Revenue for 12-
    Month Period ended
    September 30, 2000..           
0.0x-1.2x     0.4x      0.5x       0.2x
  (b) Estimated Revenue
   for 2000.............           0.5x-1.0x     0.5x      0.5x       0.2x
  (c) Estimated Revenue
   for 2001.............           0.5x-0.6x     0.5x      0.4x       0.2x
Margins for the 12-Month
 Period ending September
 30, 2000:
  (a) Gross Profit......         
27.1%-47.1%     31.2%     33.9%      48.2%
  (b) EBITDA............          
2.6%-14.2%      9.2%      8.8%    No EBITDA
                                                                   for period

   Based on these data, Salomon Smith Barney derived the following ranges for
Cambridge's implied firm value as a multiple of estimated revenue: (i) 0.4x to
0.5x estimated 2000 revenue and (ii) 0.3x to 0.4x estimated 2001 revenue.
Using
estimates of 2000 revenue and 2001 revenue based on information contained in
Salomon Smith Barney research reports, Salomon Smith Barney derived a range for
Cambridge's implied firm value of $190 million to $230 million, and a range for
the implied equity value per share of Cambridge common stock of $2.90 to $3.50.

Salomon Smith Barney noted that the lower limit of the range derived for the
implied price per share of Cambridge common stock in the merger ($4.19 to
$5.18, as described above) was above the upper limit of the range derived for
the implied equity value per share of Cambridge common stock using the
comparable companies analysis.
Salomon Smith Barney also derived a range of
$3.50 to $4.80 for the implied equity value per share of Cambridge common stock
based upon an assumed control premium of approximately 25% to 35% over the
equity value per share of Cambridge common stock implied by the comparable
companies analysis.
Salomon Smith Barney noted that the range of the implied
price per share of Cambridge common stock in the merger of $4.19 to $5.18 was
within or above this range.

   
Precedent transaction and premium analyses.

   
Salomon Smith Barney reviewed publicly available information for the
following eight acquisition transactions involving public companies in the
information technology services sector:

   
Announcement Date   Acquiror                      Acquired Company
   -----------------   --------                      
----------------

   February 21, 2001   CGI Group Inc.                IMRglobal Corp.
   January 13, 2001    Carlyle Group Inc.            Ssangyoung Information and
                                                      Communications
   December 14, 2000   Francisco Partners,
L.P.      marchFIRST, Inc.
   October 27, 2000    Silverline Technologies, LTD. SeraNova Inc.
   October 16, 2000    Schlumberger Technology       Convergent Group Corp.
                        Corporation
   June 20, 2000       Commerce One Inc.             AppNet Inc.
   March 22, 2000      
PSINet, Inc.                  Metamor Worldwide
   December 29, 1999   Leapnet Inc.                  SPR Inc.

   For each precedent transaction, Salomon Smith Barney derived:

  .
the premium based on the consideration paid or proposed to be paid in the
    transaction over the firm value of the acquired company (a) one day prior
    to announcement of the transaction, and (b) 60 days prior to announcement
    of the transaction; and

  .
the ratio of the firm value of the acquired company based on the
    consideration paid or proposed to be paid in the transaction to the (a)
    revenue of the acquired company, (b) estimated earning before interest
    expenses and taxes (EBIT) of the acquired company, and (c) EBITDA of the
    acquired company, in each case, for the last twelve-month period ending
    prior to the announcement of the transaction for which financial results
    were available.

   
With respect to the financial information for the companies involved in the
precedent transactions, Salomon Smith Barney relied on information provided by
Securities Data Corporation as well as information available in public
documents.
Securities Data Corporation compiles summaries of merger and
financing information published by certain investment banks, market research
firms and trade associations.
In evaluating the data for the precedent
transactions, Salomon Smith Barney took into consideration changes in market
conditions that have occurred since the time certain precedent transactions
were announced.
Salomon Smith Barney also noted that most of the precedent
transactions involved target companies that, unlike Cambridge, had positive
EBITDA for the twelve-month period prior to the announcement of the
transaction.
The following table sets forth the results of these analyses:

                                                        Range     Median  Mean
                                                        -----     ------  
-----

Premium:
  1-day prior to announcement......................    
2.6%-94.3%  27.0%   38.8%
  60-days prior to announcement....................
(82.0)%-97.9%  13.6%    8.6%
Ratio of Firm Value of Acquired Company to:
  Revenue for the 12-month period prior to
   announcement....................................    0.1x-4.8x   1.3x    1.7x
  Estimated EBIT for the 12-month period prior to
   announcement....................................   
14.9x-77.2x 46.6x   46.3x
  Estimated EBITDA for the 12-month period prior to
   announcement....................................    
7.7x-53.1x  9.3x   25.0x

   Based on these data, Salomon Smith Barney derived a range for Cambridge's
implied firm value as a multiple of revenue for the last twelve-month period
ending prior to the announcement of the transaction of 0.4x to 0.8x.
Based on
Cambridge's revenue for the last twelve-month period ending prior to the
announcement of the merger, Salomon Smith Barney derived a range for
Cambridge's implied firm value of $230 million to $470 million, and a range for
the implied equity value per share of Cambridge common stock of $3.50 to $7.20.

Salomon Smith Barney noted that the range of the implied price per share of
Cambridge common stock in the merger ($4.19 to $5.18, as described above) was
within the range derived for the implied equity value per share of Cambridge
common stock using the precedent transactions analysis.

   
Salomon Smith Barney also derived the implied premium represented by the
exchange ratio in the merger over the exchange ratio implied by dividing (i)
the closing price per share of Cambridge common stock by the closing price per
share of Novell common stock as of March 9, 2001; (ii) the average of the
closing prices per share of Cambridge common stock by the average of the
closing prices per share of Novell common stock for the 30-day period ended
March 9, 2001; and (iii) the average of the closing prices per share of
Cambridge common stock by the average of the closing prices per share of Novell
common stock for the 60-day period ended March 9, 2001.
The following table
sets forth the results of these analyses:

           Period                    Exchange Ratio                       Implied Premium
           ------                    --------------                       
---------------

     As of March 9, 2001                 0.546x                                22.3%
     30-day average                      0.472x                                41.4%
     60-day average                      0.427x                                56.5%

   Salomon Smith Barney noted that these implied premiums are above or in-line
with the median premiums derived for the precedent transactions.

   
Accretion/dilution analysis.

   
Salomon Smith Barney performed an analysis of the estimated impact of the
merger on Novell's estimated cash EPS for 2001 pro forma for a combination
effected on January 1, 2001.
EPS estimates were based on information published
by First Call Corporation.
In performing this analysis, Salomon Smith Barney
did not take into account any projected cost-savings or other synergies
anticipated to result from the merger.
The following table shows the
accretion/dilution to the estimated 2001 cash EPS of Novell expected to result
from the merger:

     Cambridge stand-alone............................................. $(0.20)
     
Novell stand-alone................................................ $ 0.24
     Combined entity pro-forma......................................... $ 0.18
     Accretion/Dilution to Novell...................................... $(0.06)

   Salomon Smith Barney noted that the merger will be dilutive to Novell's cash
EPS in 2001 pro forma for a combination effected on January 1, 2001 unless the
merger results in synergies of at least $37.9 million.

   
The preceding discussion is a summary of the material financial analyses
furnished by Salomon Smith Barney to the Cambridge board of directors, but it
does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by
Salomon Smith Barney or of its presentation to the Cambridge board of
directors.
The preparation of financial analyses and fairness opinions is a
complex process involving subjective judgments and is not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Salomon Smith Barney
made no attempt to assign specific weights to particular analyses or factors
considered, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and
relevance of all the analyses and factors considered and determined to give its
fairness opinion as described above.
Accordingly, Salomon Smith Barney believes
that its analyses, and the summary set forth above, must be considered as a
whole, and that selecting portions of the analyses and of the factors
considered by Salomon Smith Barney, without considering all of the analyses and
factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes
underlying the analyses conducted by Salomon Smith Barney and its opinion.
With
regard to the comparable companies and precedent transaction analyses
summarized above, Salomon Smith Barney selected comparable public companies and
precedent transactions on the basis of various factors, including size and
similarity of line of business; however, no company utilized in these analyses
is identical to Cambridge or Novell and no precedent transaction is identical
to the merger.
As a result, these analyses are not purely mathematical, but
also take into account differences in financial and operating characteristics
of the subject companies and other factors that could affect the transaction or
public trading value of the subject companies to which Cambridge and Novell are
being compared.
In its analyses, Salomon Smith Barney made numerous assumptions
with respect to Cambridge, Novell, industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of Cambridge and Novell.
Any estimates contained in Salomon
Smith Barney's analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these analyses.
Estimates of values of
companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily to reflect the prices
at which companies may actually be sold.
Because these estimates are inherently
subject to uncertainty, none of Cambridge, Novell, the Cambridge board of
directors, the Novell board of directors, Salomon Smith Barney or any other
person assumes responsibility if future results or actual values differ
materially from the estimates.
Salomon Smith Barney's analyses were prepared
solely as part of Salomon Smith Barney's analysis of the fairness of the
exchange ratio in the merger and were provided to the Cambridge board of
directors in that connection.
The opinion of Salomon Smith Barney was only one
of the factors taken into consideration by the Cambridge board of directors in
making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger.
Please
see the section entitled "Recommendation of, and factors considered by, the
Cambridge board of directors" on page 30 of this proxy statement-prospectus.

   
Salomon Smith Barney is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm engaged in, among other things, the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, restructurings,
leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of

listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for estate,
corporate and other purposes.
Cambridge selected Salomon Smith Barney to act as
its financial advisor on the basis of Salomon Smith Barney's international
reputation and Salomon Smith Barney's familiarity with Cambridge.
Salomon Smith
Barney and its predecessors and affiliates have previously provided and
currently are providing investment banking services to Cambridge unrelated to
the merger, for which Salomon Smith Barney has received and will receive
compensation.
In the ordinary course of its business, Salomon Smith Barney and
its affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of both Cambridge and
Novell for its own account and for the account of customers and, accordingly,
may at any time hold a long or short position in those securities.
Salomon
Smith Barney and its affiliates, including Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates,
may maintain relationships with Cambridge and Novell and their respective
affiliates.

   
Pursuant to Salomon Smith Barney's engagement letter, Cambridge agreed to
pay Salomon Smith Barney the following fees for its services rendered in
connection with the merger: (i) $1,000,000, that became payable upon delivery
of Salomon Smith Barney's fairness opinion, (ii) a fee based on the aggregate
consideration received by the holders of Cambridge common stock in the
transaction, ranging from .3% to 2.175% of the value of the transaction and
(iii) 10% of any termination, break-up or similar fee, payable upon receipt of
any such fee by Cambridge.
Cambridge has also agreed to reimburse Salomon Smith
Barney for its reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with its engagement, including the reasonable fees and expenses of
its counsel, and to indemnify Salomon Smith Barney against specific liabilities
and expenses relating to or arising out of its engagement, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws.


Interests of Cambridge directors and officers in the merger

   When considering the recommendation of Cambridge's board of directors, you
should be aware that Cambridge directors and executive officers have interests
in the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, yours.
The
Cambridge board of directors was aware of these potential conflicts and
considered them in making their recommendation.

   
Jack L. Messman

   Jack L. Messman, the president, chief executive officer and a director of
Cambridge, will enter into an employment agreement with Novell.
Mr. Messman's
employment agreement will provide for his employment as chief executive officer
and president of Novell.

   
Other key executives and directors

   Most Cambridge executive officers are to receive equity grants and employee
benefits in connection with their employment with Novell after the completion
of the merger.
These executives will be employed by Novell in comparable
positions and at base salaries and incentive compensation that are at least
equal to the cash base salaries and incentive compensation that they currently
receive, or are eligible to receive, from Cambridge.
These Cambridge executive
officers will also participate in the Novell Senior Management Severance Plan.

   
As a condition to obtaining employment with Novell effective at the closing,
Cambridge executives have waived or are expected to waive, the provisions of
their existing change-in-control agreements with Cambridge which would be
triggered by the consummation of the merger.

   
Cambridge executives who are not expected to be employed by Novell have not
waived the provisions of their existing change-in-control agreements.
These
executives are entitled to severance payments aggregating approximately $5.2
million under their Cambridge change-in-control agreements.
In addition, these
executives will receive stock option grants from Novell for an aggregate of
approximately 351,000 shares following the merger.

   
In addition, Cambridge's directors and officers will receive, for a period
of six years after the completion of the merger, directors and officers
insurance coverage with terms substantially the same as those of Cambridge's
existing directors and officers insurance policy for events occurring on or
prior to the completion of the merger through one of the following mechanisms:

  .  
a directors and officers insurance policy whose annual premium is not
     greater than 150% of the premium of Cambridge's policy in effect on the
     date of the merger agreement, or

  .  
obtaining six-year "tail" coverage under Cambridge's existing directors
     and officers insurance policy.

   
Cambridge nominated directors

   In addition, as a condition to closing, two Cambridge directors selected by
Cambridge in addition to Mr. Messman, will become directors of Novell's board
of directors effective upon consummation of the merger.


Equity grants and employee benefits after completion of the merger for
Cambridge employees

   Nonexecutive Option Grants

   It is expected that all Cambridge options will be cancelled as of the date
of the merger.

   
The Novell compensation committee has approved, effective on the twelfth day
of the month following the completion of the merger, the grant of nonqualified
stock options to purchase Novell common stock to each Cambridge nonexecutive
that is employed by Novell or Cambridge on such date.
The aggregate number of
shares subject to these options will be approximately 4,000,000.
The exercise
price of the nonexecutive options will be at the fair market value of Novell
common stock on the date of option grant.
These grants may not be exercised for
a period of six months following the date of grant.

   
The nonexecutive options will have the following terms:

  .  
25% of the options will vest on the date of grant and the remaining
     portion will vest quarterly over the next three years from the date of
     grant;

  .  
the term of the options will be ten years from the date of grant; and

  .  
all other terms of the nonexecutive options will be as set forth in
     Novell's standard option agreements for grants under the Novell stock
     plans.

   
Executive Option Grants

   The Novell compensation committee has approved, effective on the twelfth day
of the month following the completion of the merger, the grant of nonqualified
stock options to purchase Novell common stock to each Cambridge executive
officer who is employed by Novell or Cambridge on such date.
The aggregate
number of shares subject to the executive options will equal approximately
1,750,000.
The exercise price of the executive options will be the fair market
value of Novell common stock on the date of option grant.
These grants may not
be exercised for a period of six months following the date of grant.

   
The executive options will have the following terms:

  .  
25% of the options will vest on the date of grant and the remaining
     portion will vest quarterly over the next three years from the date of
     grant;

  .  
the term of the options will be ten years from the date of grant; and

  .  
all other terms of the executive options will be as set forth in
     Novell's standard option agreements for grants under the Novell stock
     option plans.

   
Restricted Stock Grant to Executives

   The Novell compensation committee also approved the grant of restricted
stock purchase awards to Cambridge executives aggregating approximately 405,000
shares on the twelfth day of the month following the completion of the merger.

The restricted stock will have the following terms:

  .  
40% of the shares will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date,
     and the remaining portion will vest on the second and third
     anniversaries of the grant date in 30% increments;

  .  
the purchase price shall be $0.10 per share; and

  .  
all other terms of the restricted stock will be as set forth in Novell's
     standard restricted stock agreement for grants under the Novell stock
     option plans.
Compensation expense will be recognized as a result of
     these issuances.

   
Severance Benefits

   The Novell compensation committee has approved the immediate participation
of most Cambridge executives in the Novell severance plan upon the completion
of the merger.
These Cambridge executives will receive severance benefits under
the severance plan in the event of a termination in connection with a change-
in-control or a termination for other reasons.
Further, in the event of a
termination of the Cambridge executive for a reason other than due to a
voluntary resignation or termination for cause, all options and restricted
stock held by the Cambridge executive will be subject to additional vesting as
provided under the severance plan.

   
The Novell compensation committee also has approved the immediate
participation following the merger of Cambridge nonexecutives in Novell's
limited severance plan or policy in the event such individual's employment is
terminated after the completion of the merger.

   
Cambridge 401(k) Plan

   The Novell compensation committee has determined that the Cambridge
Technology Partners 401(k) Plan will continue for the benefit of all eligible
Cambridge employees.

   
Cambridge Health and Welfare Plans

   The Novell compensation committee has determined that the Cambridge health
and welfare plans will continue for the benefit of all eligible Cambridge
employees until December 31, 2001, and effective January 1, 2002, all eligible
Cambridge employees will participate in the Novell health and welfare plans
effective January 1, 2002.


Exchange of Cambridge stock certificates for Novell stock certificates

   When the merger is completed, the exchange agent will mail to you a letter
of transmittal and instructions for surrendering your Cambridge stock
certificates in exchange for Novell stock certificates.
When you deliver your
Cambridge stock certificates to the exchange agent along with an executed
letter of transmittal and any other required documents, your Cambridge stock
certificates will be canceled and you will receive Novell stock certificates
representing the number of full shares of Novell common stock to which you are
entitled under the merger agreement.
You will not receive any fractional shares
of Novell common stock in the merger, but will instead receive cash equal to
your proportionate interest of the net proceeds from the sale of the aggregate
fractional shares on the Nasdaq National Market by the exchange agent on your
behalf of the aggregate fractional shares.
Alternatively, Novell may, at its
election, have the exchange agent pay you cash equal to the market value of the
fractional shares.
In this case, the market value of the fractional shares
would be based on the average closing price of Novell common stock for the five
trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the closing of the
merger.


You should not submit your Cambridge stock certificates for exchange until you
receive your instructions and a form of letter of transmittal from the exchange
agent

   You are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on
Novell common stock until the merger is completed and you have surrendered your
Cambridge stock certificates in exchange for Novell stock certificates.
Subject
to the effect of applicable laws, you will receive payment for any dividend or
other distribution on Novell common stock with a record date after the merger
and a payment date prior to the date you surrender your Cambridge stock
certificates promptly after your Novell stock certificates are issued.
You will
receive payment for any dividend or other distribution on Novell common stock
with a record date after the merger and a payment date after the date you
surrender your Cambridge stock certificates promptly after the payment date.

   
Novell will only issue you a Novell stock certificate and/or a check in lieu
of a fractional share in a name other than the name in which a surrendered
Cambridge stock certificate is registered if you present the exchange agent
with all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of
ownership and show that you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes.
If your
Cambridge stock certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, you may need to
deliver an affidavit and bond prior to receiving your Novell stock certificate.


Material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger

   
The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger to holders of Cambridge common stock who, pursuant to the merger,
exchange their Cambridge common stock for Novell common stock, assuming that
the merger is effected as described in the merger agreement and in this proxy
statement-prospectus.
This discussion is based on existing provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, existing and proposed Treasury regulations, and current
administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect.
This discussion is also based on and subject
to certain assumptions, limitations, representations and covenants, including
those contained in certificates of officers of Novell, Cambridge, and Ceres
Neptune Acquisition Corp.

   
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations
that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances.
Factors
that could alter the tax consequences of the merger to you include:

  .
if you are a dealer or trader in securities;

  .
if you are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the
    Internal Revenue Code;

  .
if you are not a U.S. citizen or resident;

  .
if you are a tax-exempt organization, financial institution or insurance
    company;

  .
if you acquired your shares in connection with stock option or stock
    purchase plans or in other compensatory transactions; or

  .
if you hold Cambridge common stock as part of a hedge, straddle, or other
    integrated, risk reduction, constructive sale, or conversion transaction.

   
This discussion does not address the tax consequences of an exchange of
options or warrants for Cambridge common stock into options or warrants for
Novell common stock.
This discussion assumes you hold your shares of Cambridge
common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the
Internal Revenue Code.

   
Novell's and Cambridge's obligations to complete the merger are conditioned
upon Novell's receipt of an opinion dated as of the closing of the merger from
Wilson Sonsini and Cambridge's receipt of an opinion dated as of the closing of
the merger from Morgan Lewis, that the merger will constitute a reorganization
within the

meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
These opinions will be
based upon then-existing law and will rely on certain facts, assumptions,
limitations, representations and covenants including those contained in
certificates executed by officers of Novell, Cambridge and Ceres Neptune
Acquisition Corp. that, if incorrect in certain material respects, would
jeopardize the conclusions reached by Wilson Sonsini and Morgan Lewis in their
opinions.
The tax opinions will not bind the Internal Revenue Service or the
courts or prevent the Internal Revenue Service from successfully asserting a
contrary opinion.
Neither Novell nor Cambridge will request a ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service in connection with the merger.

   
The following material federal income tax consequences will result from the
merger's qualification as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code:

  .
You will not recognize any gain or loss upon your receipt of Novell
    common stock in the merger, except with respect to cash received instead
    of a fractional share of Novell common stock.

  .
The aggregate tax basis of the Novell common stock received by you as a
    result of the merger (treating fractional share interests in Novell
    common stock as having been issued in the merger and then redeemed for
    cash) will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the Cambridge common
    stock you surrender in the merger.

  .
The holding period of the Novell common stock received by you in the
    merger will include the period during which you held the Cambridge common
    stock exchanged therefor.

  .
None of Novell, Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp., or Cambridge will
    recognize gain or loss solely as a result of the merger.

   
If you receive cash in the merger instead of a fractional share interest in
Novell common stock, you will be treated as having received the cash in
redemption of the fractional share interest.
Assuming that, immediately after
the merger, you hold a minimal interest in Novell, you exercise no control over
Novell and, as a result of the deemed redemption and after giving effect to
certain constructive ownership rules, you experience an actual reduction in
your interest in Novell, you will recognize capital gain or loss on the deemed
redemption in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash
received and your adjusted tax basis allocable to such fractional share.

Otherwise, the cash payment may be taxable to you as a dividend.
Any such
capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding
period for your Cambridge common stock is greater than 12 months at the time of
the merger.

   
If the Internal Revenue Service were to successfully challenge the status of
the merger as a reorganization, the tax consequences to you described above
would not, in general, apply.
In such event, you would be required to recognize
gain or loss as a result of the merger in an amount equal to the difference
between your basis in your Cambridge common stock and the fair market value, as
of the closing of the merger, of the shares of Novell common stock and any
other consideration that you receive.

   
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, you could recognize gain
to the extent that shares of Novell common stock are considered to be received
in exchange for services or property, other than solely for Cambridge common
stock.
All or a portion of such gain may be taxable as ordinary income.
You may
also recognize gain to the extent that you are treated as receiving, directly
or indirectly, consideration other than Novell common stock in exchange for
your Cambridge common stock.

   
The foregoing discussion is not intended to be a complete analysis or
description of all potential United States federal income tax consequences of
the merger.
In particular, the discussion does not address tax consequences
which may vary with your individual circumstances.
Moreover, the discussion
does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax
consequences of the merger.
Accordingly, we strongly urge you to consult your
own tax advisor as to the specific United States federal, state, local or
foreign income or other tax consequences of the merger to you.


Accounting treatment of the merger

   Novell intends to account for the merger as a purchase transaction.


Regulatory filings and approvals required to complete the merger

   
The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, under which a transaction cannot be
completed until required information and materials are furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the United States Federal
Trade Commission and the applicable waiting periods are terminated or expire.

Novell and Cambridge have made the required filings with the Department of
Justice and the United States Federal Trade Commission, but the applicable
waiting periods have not yet been terminated or expired.

   
The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the United States
Federal Trade Commission may challenge the merger on antitrust grounds either
before or after expiration of the waiting period.
Accordingly, at any time
before or after the completion of the merger, either the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice or the United States Federal Trade Commission could
take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest.
Other persons could also take action under the antitrust laws,
including seeking to enjoin the merger.
Additionally, at any time before or
after the completion of the merger, whether or not the applicable waiting
period expired or ended, any state could take action under the antitrust laws
as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest.
There can be no
assurance that a challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a
challenge is made, we will prevail.

   
In addition, Novell and Cambridge must file any applicable competition
filings in foreign jurisdictions and receive clearance prior to completing the
merger.

   
Other than as described above, neither Novell nor Cambridge is aware of any
other material governmental or regulatory approval required for completion of
the merger, other than the effectiveness of this registration statement of
which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a part and compliance with
applicable corporate laws of Delaware.


Restrictions on sales of shares by affiliates of Cambridge and Novell

   The shares of Novell common stock to be issued in connection with the merger
will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Novell common stock issued to
any person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of either Novell or Cambridge.

Persons who may be deemed affiliates include individuals or entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with such other person
and may include some of our executive officers and directors, as well as our
respective principal stockholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares of
Novell common stock acquired in connection with the merger except pursuant to:

  .
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
    resale of those shares;

  .
an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

  .
any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

   
Novell's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy statement-
prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of Novell common
stock to be received by Novell and Cambridge affiliates in the merger.


Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Novell common stock to be issued in
the merger

   Novell will have the shares of Novell common stock to be issued in the
merger approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market before the completion
of the merger.


Delisting and deregistration of Cambridge common stock after the merger

   When the merger is completed, Cambridge common stock will be delisted from
the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act.


Appraisal rights

   You are not entitled to exercise appraisal rights as a result of the merger
or to demand payment for your shares under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   A description of the material terms of the merger agreement between Novell,
Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp. and Cambridge follows.
Please read the entire
merger agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement-
prospectus.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the merger agreement.


The Merger

   At the closing of the merger, Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp., a wholly
owned subsidiary of Novell, will merge with and into Cambridge.
As a result of
the merger, Cambridge will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Novell.

   
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Cambridge After the Merger

   At the closing of the merger, the certificate of incorporation and the
bylaws of Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp. will become the certificate of
incorporation and the bylaws of the surviving corporation.
The certificate of
incorporation of the surviving corporation shall be amended so that the name of
the surviving corporation shall be Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc.

   Directors and Officers of Cambridge After the Merger

   At the closing of the merger, the directors of Ceres Neptune Acquisition
Corp. will be the directors of the surviving corporation, and the officers of
Cambridge will be the officers of the surviving corporation.

   
Effect of Merger on Capital Stock of Cambridge

   At the closing of the merger, each share of common stock of Cambridge issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be cancelled and
extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive 0.668 of a
share of Novell common stock, subject to adjustments for stock splits and
similar matters.
No fractional shares of Novell common stock will be issued in
the merger.
Instead, each holder of fractional shares will receive an amount of
cash equal to such holder's proportionate interest in the net proceeds from the
sale by the exchange agent in one or more transactions on behalf of all holders
of fractional shares of Novell.
The merger agreement provides that all options
outstanding at the closing of the merger to purchase shares of Cambridge common
stock will be assumed by Novell and become options to purchase common stock of
Novell, subject to adjustment according to the exchange ratio.
It is expected
that all unexercised options to acquire Cambridge common stock will be
cancelled upon the closing of the merger.
For a description of equity grants to
be made to Cambridge employees following the merger, see the discussion on
pages 41 through 43 of this proxy statement-prospectus.

   
Procedure for Exchanging Cambridge Common Stock for Novell Common Stock

   The merger agreement requires Novell, as of the closing of the merger, to
deposit with Novell's selected exchange agent, for the benefit of holders of
shares of Cambridge common stock, certificates representing the shares of
Novell common stock to be issued in the merger.
When the merger is completed,
the exchange agent will mail to you a letter of transmittal and instructions
for surrendering your Cambridge stock certificates in exchange for Novell stock
certificates, cash in lieu of fractional shares and any dividends or
distributions that may be issuable.


Representations and warranties

   Novell and Cambridge each made a number of representations and warranties in
the merger agreement regarding aspects of their respective businesses,
financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to their businesses
and operations and to the merger.

 
Cambridge Representations and Warranties

   Cambridge made representations and warranties as to the following matters
and each such representation is included in the merger agreement attached
hereto as Annex A:

  .
Cambridge's corporate organization, qualification to do business and
    subsidiaries;

  .
Cambridge's capitalization;

  .
Cambridge's authorization of the merger agreement;

  .
the effect of the merger on obligations of Cambridge and under applicable
    laws;

  .
regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;

  .
Cambridge's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission;

  .
Cambridge's financial statements;

  .
Cambridge's liabilities;

  .
absence of material changes in Cambridge's business since December 31,
    2000;

  .
Cambridge's payment of taxes and tax liabilities;

  .
Cambridge's intellectual property;

  .
Cambridge's compliance with applicable laws;

  .
permits required to conduct Cambridge's business and compliance with
    those permits;

  .
litigation involving Cambridge;

  .
payments required to be made by Cambridge to brokers and agents on
    account of the merger;

  .
Cambridge's employee benefit plans;

  .
Cambridge's labor relations;

  .
environmental laws that apply to Cambridge;

  .
Cambridge's material contracts;

  .
information supplied by Cambridge in this proxy statement-prospectus and
    the related registration statement filed by Novell;

  .
approval by the Cambridge board of directors;

  .
the inapplicability of state takeover statutes;

  .
the fairness opinion received by Cambridge from its financial advisor;

  .
the inapplicability of Cambridge's rights agreement; and

  .
the inapplicability of the Investment Company Act of 1940.

   
The representations and warranties of Cambridge expire on the completion of
the merger.

 
Novell Representations and Warranties

   Novell made representations and warranties in the merger agreement as to the
following matters:

  .
Novell's corporate organization, qualification to do business and
    subsidiaries;

  .
Novell's capitalization;

  .
authorization of the merger agreement by Novell and Ceres Neptune
    Acquisition Corp.;

  .
the effect of the merger on obligations of Novell under applicable laws;

  .
regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;

  .
Novell's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

  .
Novell's financial statements;

  .
Novell's liabilities;

  .
absence of material changes in Novell's business since October 31, 2000;

  .
Novell's compliance with applicable laws;

  .
permits required to conduct Novell's business and compliance with such
    permits;

  .
litigation involving Novell;

  .
environmental laws that apply to Novell;

  .
Novell's labor relations;

  .
information supplied by Novell in this proxy statement-prospectus and the
    related registration statement filed by Novell;

  .
approval by the Novell and Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp. boards of
    directors;

  .
Novell's intellectual property; and

  .
Novell's payment of taxes and tax liability.

   
The representations and warranties of Novell expire on the completion of the
merger.

   
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized.
You are urged to carefully read the articles of the
merger agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company" and
"Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub."


Cambridge's conduct of business before completion of the merger

   Cambridge agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or
termination of the merger agreement or unless Novell consents in writing,
Cambridge will carry on its business in the ordinary course, and use
commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices to:

  .
preserve intact its present business organization;

  .
keep available the services of its present executive officers and
    employees consistent with the terms of the merger agreement; and

  .
preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors,
    licensors, licensees, and others with which it has material business
    dealings.

   
Cambridge also agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the merger
or the termination of the merger agreement, or unless Novell consents in
writing, Cambridge will conduct its business in compliance with specified
restrictions relating to, among other things, the following:

  .
restricted stock and stock options;

  .
employees and employee benefits, including severance and termination
    payments;

  .
Cambridge's intellectual property;

  .
issuance of dividends or other distributions;

  .
issuance and redemption of securities;

  .
modification of Cambridge's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .
acquisition of assets or other entities;

  .
sale, lease, license and disposition of assets;

  .
incurrence of indebtedness;

  .
payment or settlement of liabilities;

  .
capital expenditures;

  .
entrance into or modification of certain contracts;

  .
accounting policies and procedures;

  .
treatment of the merger as a "reorganization" under the Internal Revenue
    Code;

  .
hiring and terminating of employees;

  .
making of tax elections; and

  .
Cambridge's rights plan.


Novell's conduct of business before completion of the merger

   Novell agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the merger or
termination of the merger agreement, or unless Cambridge consents in writing,
Novell will not:

  .
engage in any action that could reasonably be expected to cause the
    merger to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" under the Internal
    Revenue Code;

  .
declare, set aside or pay any extraordinary non-stock dividend or
    distribution; or

  .
modify Novell's or Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp.'s respective
    certificates of incorporation or bylaws in a manner which would adversely
    affect the rights of Novell's common stock.


Regulatory filings

   The merger agreement contains various covenants and agreements regarding
preparation of regulatory filings that are customary in transactions of this
nature, including:

  .
Novell and Cambridge have agreed to prepare and cause to be filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form
    S-4, including this proxy statement-prospectus, and to cooperate and
    promptly provide information to each other as required or appropriate for
    inclusion in the registration statement;

  .
Novell and Cambridge have agreed to respond to any comments of the staff
    of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to use commercially
    reasonable efforts to have the registration statement on Form S-4
    declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable
    after it is filed;

  .
Cambridge has agreed to cause this proxy statement-prospectus to be
    mailed out to its stockholders at the earliest practicable time after the
    S-4 is declared effective;

  .
Novell and Cambridge have agreed to prepare and file any other filings
    relating to the merger required to be filed under applicable law;

  .
Novell and Cambridge have agreed to notify each other promptly upon
    receipt of any comments or requests for information regarding the filings
    from the Securities and Exchange Commission or other regulatory bodies;

  .
Novell and Cambridge have agreed to notify each other of any event that
    is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any
    regulatory filing, and to cooperate in filing any amendment or supplement
    with the appropriate regulatory body and, if appropriate, in mailing the
    amendment or supplement to Cambridge stockholders; and

  .
Cambridge has agreed to cause this proxy statement-prospectus to include
    the recommendation of its board of directors in favor of adoption and
    approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger, subject to
    specified exceptions.


Special meeting of Cambridge stockholders

   Cambridge has agreed to convene a special meeting of Cambridge stockholders
as promptly as practicable after the registration statement on Form S-4 is
declared effective, and, unless Cambridge's board of directors has withdrawn
its recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger, to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to solicit and secure from its stockholders at
the meeting the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

Cambridge has also agreed that its board of directors will recommend that its
stockholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve the merger agreement and
the merger, and that this recommendation will not be withdrawn or modified in a
manner adverse to Novell, subject to specified exceptions.

   
Nothing in the merger agreement prevents the Cambridge board of directors
from withdrawing or changing its recommendation in favor of the merger if the
board reasonably concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
counsel, that the failure to so withdraw or change its recommendation would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations.


Non-solicitation by Cambridge

   Cambridge has agreed to cease, as of the date of the merger agreement, any
and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties
conducted prior to that date with respect to any "Acquisition Proposal," that
is, an offer or proposal relating to any "Acquisition Transaction," other than
an offer or proposal from Novell.

   
An Acquisition Transaction is any transaction or series of related
transactions, other than the merger, involving any of the following:

  .
the acquisition or purchase from Cambridge by any person or group of more
    than a 15% interest in the total outstanding voting securities of
    Cambridge or any of its subsidiaries;

  .
any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
    any person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of the total
    outstanding voting securities of Cambridge or any of its subsidiaries;

  .
any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
    involving Cambridge pursuant to which the stockholders of Cambridge
    immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 85% of the equity
    interests in the surviving or resulting entity;

  .
any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange,
    transfer, license outside the ordinary course of business, acquisition or
    disposition of more than 15% of the assets of Cambridge; or

  .
any liquidation or dissolution of Cambridge.

   
Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
Cambridge has agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries will, directly
or indirectly:

  .
solicit, initiate, encourage or induce the making, submission or
    announcement of any Acquisition Proposal;

  .
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition
    Proposal;

  .
furnish to any person any non-public information with respect to any
    Acquisition Proposal;

  .
take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
    proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to any
    Acquisition Proposal;

  .
engage in discussions with any person with respect to any Acquisition
    Proposal;

  .
subject to certain limited exceptions in the event of a "Superior Offer,"
    as discussed below, approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition
    Proposal; or

  .
enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
    agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any
    Acquisition Transaction.

   
For purposes of the foregoing, any violation of any of the restrictions in
the immediately preceding paragraph by any officer, director, affiliate or
employee of Cambridge or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
representative of Cambridge is deemed to be a breach of the relevant
restriction by Cambridge.

   
A Superior Offer is an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third
party to consummate any of the following transactions on terms that the board
of directors of Cambridge determines, in its reasonable judgment, after
consultation regarding the offer with its outside financial advisor, to be more
favorable to Cambridge stockholders than the terms of the merger involving
Novell:

  .
a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
    liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Cambridge
    pursuant to which the stockholders of Cambridge immediately preceding the
    transaction hold less than 51% of the equity interest in the surviving or
    resulting entity of the transaction;

  .
a sale or other disposition by Cambridge of all or substantially all of
    its assets; or

  .
the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
    offer or an exchange offer or issuance by Cambridge, directly or
    indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial
    ownership of shares representing in excess of 51% of the voting power of
    the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Cambridge.

   
However, an offer will not be considered a Superior Offer if any financing
required to consummate the transaction contemplated by such offer is not
committed or is not likely in the judgment of Cambridge's board of directors to
be obtained by such third party on a timely basis.

   
The merger agreement provides that these restrictions shall not prohibit
Cambridge from complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Moreover, the merger agreement allows
Cambridge to participate in discussions or negotiations with, or furnish
information regarding Cambridge pursuant to a confidentiality agreement to, any
person or group if all of the following conditions are met:

  .  
the person or group has submitted a Superior Offer to Cambridge's board
     of directors;

  .  
neither Cambridge nor any of its representatives or subsidiaries has
     breached the non-solicitation provisions contained in the merger
     agreement in connection with the Superior Offer;

  .  
the board of directors of Cambridge determines in its good faith
     judgment, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that
     failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
     duties under applicable law;

  .  
the board of directors of Cambridge provides prior written notice to
     Novell of its decision to participate in negotiations and provide
     information; and

  .  
Cambridge contemporaneously provides any information provided the person
     or group to Novell (to the extent such information has not been
     previously furnished).

   
Cambridge has agreed to promptly inform Novell of any request for non-public
information that Cambridge reasonably believes would lead to an Acquisition
Proposal, or of any Acquisition Proposal, or any

inquiry with respect to or which Cambridge reasonably should believe would lead
to any Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request,
Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person or group making
any such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.

   
Under the merger agreement, the Cambridge directors are allowed to withhold,
withdraw, amend or modify their recommendation in favor of the merger if a
Superior Offer is made and not withdrawn, neither Cambridge nor any of its
representatives has breached the non-solicitation provisions of the merger
agreement in connection with the Superior Offer, and the board of directors of
Cambridge reasonably concludes in good faith, after consultation with its
outside counsel that, in light of the Superior Offer, the failure to withhold,
withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation would be inconsistent with the
directors' fiduciary obligations to Cambridge stockholders under applicable
law.

   
Regardless of whether there has been a Superior Offer, Cambridge is
obligated under the merger agreement to hold and convene the Cambridge special
meeting of stockholders.


Treatment of Cambridge stock options and contingent obligation to issue shares

   It is expected that all unexercised Cambridge options will be cancelled
prior to or upon the closing of the merger.
For a discussion of equity grants
to be made to Cambridge employees following the merger, see the discussion on
pages 41 through 43 of this proxy statement-prospectus.

   
Cambridge's contingent obligation to issue shares of its common stock
pursuant to an earn-out agreement entered into in connection with Cambridge's
purchase of the business and assets of OSIX PTY Ltd. will be assumed by Novell
and become a contingent obligation to issue Novell common stock with a fair
value of up to two million Australian dollars if the earn-out conditions are
met.


Cambridge's employee benefit plans

   Following the merger and for one year thereafter, Novell will provide
Cambridge employees and its subsidiaries' employees with:

  .  substantially similar compensation, employee benefits and terms and
     conditions of employment, in the aggregate, as Novell provides to
     similarly situated employees of Novell;

  .  
compensation, employee benefits and terms and conditions of employment
     that are substantially similar, in the aggregate, to those of Cambridge
     as in effect immediately prior to the merger; or

  .  
a combination of the two above alternatives, provided that compensation,
     employee benefits and terms and conditions of employment, in the
     aggregate, are substantially similar to those in effect for the
     Cambridge employees immediately prior to the merger.

   
Following the merger, each continuing employee will, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, receive service credit for purposes of eligibility to
participate and vesting (but not for benefit accrual purposes) for employment,
compensation and employee benefit plan purposes with Cambridge or its
subsidiaries prior to the merger.


Indemnification

   After completion of the merger, Novell will fulfill the obligations of
Cambridge pursuant to any indemnification provisions under Cambridge's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and any indemnification agreements
between Cambridge and its directors and officers in effect immediately prior to
the completion of the merger.

   
In addition, Cambridge's directors and officers will receive, for a period
of six years after the completion of the merger, directors and officers
insurance coverage with terms substantially the same as those of Cambridge's
existing directors and officers insurance policy for events occurring on or
prior to the completion of the merger through one of the following mechanisms:

  .  
a directors and officers insurance policy whose annual premium is not
     greater than 150% of the premium of Cambridge's policy in effect on the
     date of the merger agreement; or

  .  
obtaining six-year "tail" coverage under Cambridge's existing directors
     and officers insurance policy.

Conditions to completion of the merger

   The obligations of Novell and Cambridge to complete the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions before completion of
the merger:

  .  
the merger agreement must be approved and adopted and the merger must be
     approved by the requisite holders of Cambridge stock;

  .  
Novell's registration statement must be effective, no stop order
     suspending its effectiveness will be in effect and no proceedings for
     suspension of its effectiveness will be pending before or threatened by
     the SEC;

  .  
no law, regulation or order must be enacted or issued which has the
     effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting completion
     of the merger substantially on the terms contemplated by the merger
     agreement;

  .  
all applicable waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws must have
     expired or been terminated; and

  .  
Novell and Cambridge must each receive from their respective tax counsel
     an opinion to the effect that the merger will constitute a
     reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
     Revenue Code, and such opinions shall not have been withdrawn.

   
Cambridge's obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of each of the following additional conditions before completion of the merger:

  .  
Novell's representations and warranties must be true and correct in all
     material respects as of March 12, 2001, and as of the date the merger is
     to be completed as if made at and as of such time except: to the extent
     Novell's representations and warranties address matters only as of a
     particular date, they must be true and correct as of that date and if
     any of these representations and warranties are not true and correct at
     the time of the merger, but the effect in each case, or in the
     aggregate, while disregarding all qualifications based on the word
     "material" within the representations and warranties, of the
     inaccuracies of these representations and breaches of these warranties,
     is not and does not have a material adverse effect on Novell, then this
     condition will be deemed satisfied;

  .  
Novell must perform or comply in all material respects with all of its
     agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be
     performed or complied with by Novell at or before completion of the
     merger;

  .  
the shares of Novell common stock to be issued in the merger must be
     authorized for listing on Nasdaq, subject to notice of issuance;

  .  
Novell's board of directors shall have been increased from eight to ten
     directors, and two members of Cambridge's board of directors designated
     by Cambridge shall have been appointed to fill the newly created
     vacancies on Novell's board of directors; and

  .  
Novell shall have offered Jack L. Messman the positions of president and
     chief executive officer of Novell effective on the completion of the
     merger on terms substantially similar to those of Mr. Messman's current
     employment agreement with Cambridge.

   
Novell's and Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp.'s obligations to complete the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional
conditions before completion of the merger:

  .  
Cambridge's representations and warranties must be true and correct in
     all material respects as of March 12, 2001, and at and as of the date
     the merger is to be completed as if made at and as of such time except:
     to the extent Cambridge's representations and warranties address matters
     only as of a particular date, they must be true and correct as of that
     date and if any of these representations and warranties are not true and
     correct at the time of the merger, but the effect in each case, or in
     the aggregate, while disregarding all qualifications based on the word
     "material" within the representations and warranties, of the
     inaccuracies of these representations and breaches of these warranties
     is not and does not have a material adverse effect on Cambridge, then
     this condition will be deemed satisfied;

  .  
Cambridge must perform or comply in all material respects with all of
     its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be
     performed or complied with by Cambridge at or before completion of the
     merger; and

  .  
Mr. Messman shall have accepted and not withdrawn his acceptance of the
     positions of president and chief executive officer of Novell to be
     effective on the completion of the merger.


Termination of the merger agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to completion of
the merger, whether before or after approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger by Cambridge stockholders:

  .  
by mutual consent of Novell and Cambridge;

  .  
by Novell or Cambridge, if the merger is not completed before September
     30, 2001, except that this right to terminate the merger agreement is
     not available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a
     principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on
     or before September 30, 2001 and that action or failure to act
     constitutes a breach of the merger agreement;

  .  
by Novell or Cambridge, if there is any order of a court or governmental
     authority having jurisdiction over either Novell or Cambridge
     permanently restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the completion of the
     merger, which is final and nonappealable;

  .  
by Novell or Cambridge, if the merger fails to receive the requisite
     vote for approval by the stockholders of Cambridge at the Cambridge
     special meeting or at any adjournment of that meeting, except that this
     right to terminate the merger agreement is not available to Novell or
     Cambridge, as the case may be, where the failure to obtain Cambridge
     stockholder approval was caused by Novell's or Cambridge's, as the case
     may be, action or failure to act and this action or failure to act
     constitutes a breach by Novell or Cambridge, as the case may be, of the
     merger agreement;

  .  
by Cambridge, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
     agreement on the part of Novell in the merger agreement, or if any
     representation or warranty of Novell is or becomes untrue so that the
     corresponding condition to completion of the merger would not be met;
     however, if the breach or inaccuracy is curable by Novell through the
     exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, and Novell continues to
     exercise such commercially reasonable efforts, Cambridge may not
     terminate the merger agreement for 30 days after delivery of written
     notice from Cambridge to Novell of the breach;

  .  
by Novell, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
     agreement on the part of Cambridge set forth in the merger agreement, or
     if any of Cambridge's representations or warranties is or becomes untrue
     so that the corresponding condition to completion of the merger would
     not be met; however, if the breach or inaccuracy is curable by Cambridge
     through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts and
     Cambridge continues to exercise such commercially reasonable efforts,
     Novell may not terminate the merger agreement for 30 days after delivery
     of written notice from Novell to Cambridge of the breach; or

  .  
by Novell if a "Triggering Event" occurs; a Triggering Event is deemed
     to occur if:

   .  
Cambridge's board of directors withdraws or amends or modifies in a
      manner adverse to Novell its recommendation in favor of the adoption
      and approval of the merger agreement or the approval of the merger;

   .  
Cambridge fails to include in this proxy statement-prospectus the
      recommendation of Cambridge's board of directors in favor of the
      adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the
      merger;

   .  
Cambridge's board of directors fails to reaffirm its recommendation in
      favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and
      approval of the merger within ten business days after Novell requests
      in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed;

   .  
at any time following the announcement of an Acquisition Proposal,
      Cambridge's board of directors approves or recommends any Acquisition
      Proposal;

   .  
Cambridge violates the non-solicitation provisions of the merger
      agreement; or

   .  
a tender or exchange offer relating to not less than 15% of the then
      outstanding securities of Cambridge is commenced by a person
      unaffiliated with Novell, and Cambridge does not send to its
      securityholders within ten business days after such tender or exchange
      offer is first commenced a statement disclosing that Cambridge
      recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer.


Payment of termination fee

   If the merger agreement is terminated by Novell because of the occurrence of
a Triggering Event, Cambridge will pay Novell a termination fee of $7.3 million
plus any expenses incurred by Novell in collecting such termination fee, upon
demand by Novell.

   
Further, Cambridge will pay to Novell upon demand by Novell a termination
fee of $7.3 million plus expenses incurred by Novell in collecting such
termination fee, if the merger agreement is terminated by Novell or Cambridge
because the merger is not consummated by September 30, 2001, or because
Cambridge's stockholders do not approve the merger agreement, and either of the
following occur:

  .  
prior to such termination, a third party has delivered an Acquisition
     Proposal and within 12 months following the termination of the merger
     agreement an acquisition of Cambridge is consummated; or

  .  
prior to such termination, a third party has delivered an Acquisition
     Proposal and within 12 months following the termination of the merger
     agreement Cambridge enters into an agreement or letter of intent
     providing for an acquisition of Cambridge.
An acquisition of Cambridge
     for these purposes is any of the following: a merger, consolidation,
     business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
     similar transaction involving Cambridge pursuant to which the
     stockholders of Cambridge immediately preceding such transaction hold
     less than 60% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving or
     resulting entity of such transaction; or a sale or other disposition by
     Cambridge of assets representing in excess of 60% of the aggregate fair
     market value of Cambridge's business immediately prior to such sale; or
     the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
     offer or an exchange offer or issuance by Cambridge, directly or
     indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial
     ownership of shares representing in excess of 40% of the voting power of
     the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Cambridge.


Extension, waiver and amendment of the merger agreement

   Novell and Cambridge may amend the merger agreement before completion of the
merger by mutual written consent.
Either Novell or Cambridge may extend the
other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts under
the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the other's representations and
warranties and waive compliance by the other with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in the merger agreement.

                                
OTHER AGREEMENTS

Voting agreements

   As an inducement to Novell to enter into the merger agreement, Jack L.
Messman, the president, chief executive officer and a director of Cambridge,
and other executive officers and directors of Cambridge, entered into voting
agreements with Novell.
By entering into the voting agreements, these Cambridge
stockholders have irrevocably appointed Novell as their lawful attorney and
proxy.
These proxies give Novell the limited right to vote the shares of
Cambridge common stock beneficially owned by these Cambridge stockholders,
including shares of Cambridge common stock acquired after the date of the
voting agreements:

  .  
in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger agreement, the
     merger, each of the other transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, any other action required in furtherance of the merger; and

  .  
against any proposal made in opposition to, or in competition with,
     consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by
     the merger agreement; and any merger, asset sale, reorganization,
     recapitalization, dissolution or any other action intended, or which
     could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with or otherwise
     adversely affect the consummation of the merger and the other
     transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
These Cambridge stockholders may vote their shares of Cambridge common stock
on all other matters.

   
As of the record date, the Cambridge stockholders who entered into voting
agreements with Novell collectively beneficially owned           shares of
Cambridge common stock which represented approximately    % of the outstanding
Cambridge common stock.
None of the Cambridge stockholders who are parties to
the voting agreements were paid additional consideration in connection with
them.

   
Each Cambridge stockholder who is a party to a voting agreement agreed not
to sell, or transfer voting rights of, the Cambridge stock and options owned,
controlled or acquired, either directly or indirectly, by that person until the
earlier of the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement,
unless each person to which any shares, including voting rights or any interest
in any shares is transferred agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of
the voting agreement, subject to specified exceptions.

   
The Cambridge stockholders' voting agreements will terminate upon the
earlier to occur of the completion of the merger or termination of the merger
agreement.


Affiliate agreements

   As an inducement to Novell to enter into the merger agreement, each member
of the Cambridge board of directors and some officers of Cambridge will execute
affiliate agreements.
Under the affiliate agreements, Novell will be entitled
to place appropriate legends on the certificates evidencing any Novell common
stock to be received by these persons and to issue stop transfer instructions
to the transfer agent for the Novell common stock.
Further, these persons have
also acknowledged the resale restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the
Securities Act on shares of Novell common stock to be received by them in the
merger.


Employment agreements

   Jack L. Messman, the president, chief executive officer and a director of
Cambridge, is expected to enter into an employment agreement with Novell.

       
NOVELL UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   In March 2001, Novell, Inc. entered into a merger agreement with Cambridge
Technology Partners (Massachusetts), Inc. whereby, upon consummation, Cambridge
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Novell.
Under the merger agreement
each share of Cambridge common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the effective date will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive
0.668 of a share of Novell common stock.
All outstanding stock options of
Cambridge will terminate and Novell will not assume the Cambridge stock option
plans.
As of March 28, 2001, there were 63,532,271 shares of Cambridge common
stock issued and outstanding that will be converted to 42,439,557 shares of
Novell common stock.
The merger will be accounted for using the purchase method
of accounting.
The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements
have been prepared on the basis of assumptions described herein.

 
What these pro forma statements show

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements give effect
to the merger using the purchase method of accounting.
The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of operations for the year ended October 31, 2000
and the three months ended January 31, 2001 assume the merger took place on
November 1, 1999.
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet
assumes the merger took place on January 31, 2001.

   
The Novell unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations
for the year ended October 31, 2000 combine Novell's historical results of
operations for the year ended October 31, 2000 with Cambridge's historical
results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The Novell
unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations for the three
months ended January 31, 2001 combine Novell's historical results of operations
for the three months ended January 31, 2001 with Cambridge's historical results
of operations for the three months ended December 31, 2000.
The Novell
unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet combines Novell's
historical balance sheet as of January 31, 2001 with Cambridge's historical
balance sheet as of December 31, 2000.

 
Basis of Presentation

   The Novell unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
reflect the Cambridge merger accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting and have been prepared on the basis of assumptions described in the
notes, including assumptions relating to the allocation of the amount of
consideration paid to the assets and liabilities of Cambridge based upon
preliminary estimates of their fair value.
The actual allocation of the amount
of consideration paid may differ from those assumptions after valuations and
other procedures are performed after the closing is completed.

 
Merger Charges

   Novell expects to incur a liability for the estimated costs incurred as a
result of the merger, such as costs resulting from vacating duplicate Cambridge
facilities and reducing headcount.
This liability is included as part of the
allocation of the purchase price.
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed
balance sheet includes the effect of these charges.
The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statements of operations do not reflect these charges
because they are non-recurring.
These charges will be reflected in Novell's
consolidated financial statements in the period in which the merger is
consummated.

 
These pro forma unaudited combined condensed financial statements should be
 read with each company's financial statements

   The Novell unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial data should be
read in conjunction with the related notes included in this proxy statement-
prospectus and the consolidated audited and consolidated condensed unaudited
financial statements of Novell and the consolidated audited financial
statements of Cambridge, which are incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement-prospectus.
The Novell unaudited pro forma combined condensed
financial data are not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of
operations and financial position would have been had the Cambridge merger
taken place on November 1, 1999 or January 31, 2001, and do not indicate future
results of operations or financial position.

              
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                             As of January 31, 2001
                                 (in thousands)

                              
Historical
                         ---------------------   Pro Forma             Pro Forma
                           Novell    Cambridge  Adjustments             Combined
                         ----------  ---------  -----------            ---------

ASSETS:
- -------

Current assets:
  Cash and short-term
   investments.......... $  655,449  $ 96,710    $     --              $  752,159
  Receivables, net......    
161,095    96,537          --                 257,632
  Inventories...........      1,898       --           --                   1,898
  Prepaid expenses......     25,458    31,936      (20,497)(2)             36,897
  Deferred and
   refundable income
   taxes................     56,996    14,083      (11,786)(7)             59,293
  Other current assets..     25,179     8,813       20,497 (2)             54,489
                         ----------  --------    ---------             ----------
    Total current
     assets.............    
926,075   248,079      (11,786)             1,162,368
Property, plant and
 equipment, net.........    282,937    44,310          --                 327,247
Long-term investments...    397,876     8,094          --                 405,970
Deferred income taxes...     15,600    33,938       (8,214)(7)             41,324
Other assets............     22,966     8,123       72,846 (1)            103,935
                         ----------  --------    ---------             ----------
    Total assets........ $1,645,454  $342,544    $  52,846             $2,040,844
                         ==========  ========    =========             ==========

LIABILITIES AND
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
- ---------------------

Current Liabilities:
  Accounts payable...... $   94,286  $ 13,879    $   7,053 (4)            115,218
  Accrued compensation..     56,849                 33,528 (3)             90,377
  Accrued marketing
   liabilities..........     12,500                  1,000 (5)             13,500
  Other accrued
   liabilities..........     58,786    72,083      (41,581)(3),(4),(5)
                                                    46,575 (1)            135,863
Income tax payable......     26,145    24,822          --                  50,967
Deferred revenue........    220,154     6,091          --                 226,245
                         ----------  --------    ---------             ----------
    Total current
     liabilities........    468,720   116,875       46,575                632,170
Other long-term
 liabilities............        --      1,250                               1,250
Minority interests......     11,457       --                               11,457
Stockholders' equity:
  Common stock, par
   value................     31,766       635        4,244 (1)
                                                      (635)(8)             36,010
  Additional paid-in
   capital..............        --    171,782      246,446 (1)
                                                  (171,782)(8)
                                                   (20,000)(7)            226,446
Retained earnings.......  1,250,626    67,123      (67,123)(8)          1,250,626
Accumulated other
 comprehensive loss.....   (101,797)  (13,458)      13,458 (8)           (101,797)
Unearned stock
 compensation...........    
(15,318)   
(1,663)       1,663 (8)            (15,318)
                         ----------  --------    ---------             ----------
    Total stockholders'
     equity.............  1,165,277   224,419        6,271              1,395,967
                         ----------  --------    ---------             
----------
    Total liabilities
     and stockholders'
     equity............. $1,645,454  $342,544    $  52,846             $2,040,844
                         ==========  ========    =========             ==========

        UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      For the Year Ended October 31, 2000
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                 Historical
                            ---------------------   Pro Forma      Pro Forma
                              Novell    Cambridge  Adjustments      Combined
                            ----------  ---------  
-----------     ---------

Net sales.................. $1,161,735  $ 586,564   $  36,500 (9)  $1,784,799
Cost of sales..............    327,398    341,703     141,005 (6)     810,106
                            ----------  ---------   ---------      ----------
Gross profit...............    834,337    244,861    (104,505)        974,693
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing......    495,985     80,677       2,600 (6)     579,262
  Product development......    234,571        --          --          234,571
  General and
   administrative..........     87,471    249,667    (143,605)(6)     193,533
  Goodwill amortization....        --         --       18,212 (10)     18,212
  Restructuring charge.....     
47,892     27,000         --           74,892
                            ----------  ---------   
---------      ----------
    Total operating
     expenses..............    865,919    357,344    (122,793)      1,100,470
                            ----------  ---------   ---------      
----------
Income (loss) from
 operations................    (31,582)  (112,483)     18,288        (125,777)

Other income (expense):
  Other income, net........    
102,254      8,595         --          110,849
  Gain (loss) on sale of
   division................        --       7,661         --            7,661
                            ----------  ---------   ---------      
----------
    Total other income
     (expense).............    102,254     16,256         --          118,510
                            ----------  ---------   ---------      
----------
Income (loss) before
 taxes.....................     70,672    (96,227)     18,288          (7,267)
Income tax expense
 (benefit) ................     21,202    (33,680)     12,921 (11)        443
                            ----------  ---------   ---------      
----------
    Net income (loss) .....
$   49,470  $ (62,547)  $   5,367      $   (7,710)
                            
==========  =========   =========      ==========
Weighted average shares
 outstanding:
  Basic....................    326,621                 42,440         369,061
  Diluted..................    335,034                 34,027         369,061
Net income (loss) per
 share:
  Basic.................... $     0.15                             $    (0.02)
                            
==========                             ==========
  Diluted.................. $     0.15                             $    (0.02)
                            ==========                             ==========

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                  For the Three Months Ended January 31, 2001
                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                       Historical
                                   -------------------   Pro Forma      Pro Forma
                                    Novell   Cambridge  Adjustments     Combined
                                   --------  ---------  -----------     
---------

Net sales......................... $245,035  $125,052    $    --        $370,087
Cost of sales.....................   65,862    75,777      33,011 (6)    174,650
                                   --------  --------    --------       --------
Gross profit......................  179,173    49,275     (33,011)       195,437
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing.............  121,747    18,927         500 (6)    141,174
  Product development.............   49,488       --          --          49,488
  General and administrative......   21,222    53,221     (33,511)(6)     40,932
  Goodwill amortization...........      --        --        4,553 (10)     4,553
  Restructuring charge............      --      5,000         --           5,000
                                   --------  
--------    --------       
--------
    Total operating expenses......  192,457    77,148     (28,458)       241,147
                                   --------  --------    --------       
--------
Income (loss) from operations.....  (13,284)  (27,873)     (4,553)       (45,710)

Other income (expense), net.......   17,831    (2,024)        --          15,807
                                   --------  
--------    --------       
--------
Income (loss) before taxes........    
4,547   (29,897)     (4,553)       (29,903)
Income tax expense (benefit)......    1,273   (10,464)        --  (11)    (9,191)
                                   --------  --------    --------       --------
    Income (loss), before
     cumulative effect of change
     in accounting principle...... $  3,274  $(19,433)   $ (4,553)      $(20,712)
                                   ========  ========    ========       ========
Weighted average shares
 outstanding:
  Basic...........................  
322,183                42,440        364,623
  Diluted.........................  322,187                42,436        364,623
Income (loss) per share, before
 cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle:
  Basic........................... $   0.01                             $  (0.06)
                                   
========                             ========
  Diluted......................... $   0.01                             $  (0.06)
                                   ========                             ========

  NOTES TO NOVELL UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.
Basis of Presentation

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements give effect
to Novell's acquisition of Cambridge through a merger and exchange of shares.

The merger is being accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
The
unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements have been prepared
on the basis of assumptions described in the following notes and include
assumptions relating to the allocation of the consideration paid for the assets
and liabilities of Cambridge based on estimated fair value.
The final
allocation of the purchase price may differ from the preliminary allocations.

In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation
of such unaudited pro forma combined financial statements have been made based
on the proposed terms and structure of the Cambridge merger.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet as of
January 31, 2001 reflects the financial position of Novell after giving effect
to the merger with Cambridge as if this merger occurred on January 31, 2001.

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statement of operations
for the three month period ended January 31, 2001 includes the results for
Novell for the three month period ended January 31, 2001 and the results for
Cambridge for the three month period ended December 31, 2000.
The unaudited pro
forma combined condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year
ended October 31, 2000 includes the results for Novell for the year ended
October 31, 2000 and the results for Cambridge for the year ended December 31,
2000.
Both of these statements assume the acquisition of Cambridge occurred on
at the beginning of the periods presented.

   
As a result of Cambridge's acquisition of OSIX Pty. Ltd. in November 2000,
Novell may need to issue additional common stock with a fair value of up to 2
million Australian dollars at future dates if certain revenue and earnings
targets are met.
Given the contingent nature of this consideration, such amount
is not included in the pro forma financial statements.

   
Novell previously recognized revenue related to product sales to
distribution channel partners upon shipment to the partner and provided a
reserve for contractual return obligations and other estimated product returns.

Effective November 1, 2000, Novell changed its method of accounting for revenue
related to these product sales to recognize such revenues upon sell-through of
the respective product from the distribution channel partner to the end user.

Novell believes the change in accounting principle is preferable based on
guidance provided in SEC Staff Accounting Bulleting No. 101, Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements.
The pro forma financial statements include
an adjustment to present the accounting change as if its was made retroactively
to prior periods.

   
The pro forma adjustments are preliminary and based on management's
estimates.
Based on the timing of the closing of the transaction, the
finalization of the integration plans and other factors, final adjustments may
differ materially from those presented in these pro forma financial statements.

These unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the historical annual and interim financial
statements of Novell and annual financial statements of Cambridge that have
been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as incorporated by
reference within this document.


2.
Purchase Price Allocation

   Under the merger agreement each share of Cambridge common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective date will be cancelled and
converted into the right to receive 0.668 shares of Novell common stock.
As of
the date of acquisition, all outstanding stock options will terminate and
Novell will not assume the Cambridge stock option plans.
As of March 28, 2001,
there were 63,532,271 shares of Cambridge common stock outstanding.
Based on
the 0.668 conversion ratio, these shares will be converted to 42,439,557 shares
of Novell common stock.
In order to calculate the value of the Novell stock
issued, we

  NOTES TO NOVELL UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

utilized a stock price of $5.907 per share, which was based on an average
closing price of Novell common stock for a period of three days before and
three days after March 12, 2001, the date the merger was announced.
Based upon
this price and number of shares issued, stock consideration was estimated to
equal $250.7 million.

   
The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets
acquired will be allocated to goodwill and amortized over an estimated useful
life of four years.
Annual amortization is expected to be approximately $18.2
million per year.

   
In December 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) announced
a major change in its approach to the accounting for goodwill as originally
proposed in its 1999 Exposure Draft, Business Combinations and Intangible
Assets.
Under its current proposal, goodwill would not be amortized; instead,
it would be reviewed for impairment when certain events indicate that goodwill
is impaired.
A final Statement on business combinations is expected to be
issued in June 2001.

   
Below is a table of the estimated acquisition costs and purchase price
allocation (in thousands):

                                                                 Estimated
                                                              Acquisition Cost
                                                              ----------------

     Value of common stock issued............................    $ 250,690
     Direct transaction costs................................        9,700
                                                                 ---------
       Total estimated acquisition costs.....................    $ 260,390
                                                                 =========
     Historical value of net assets acquired of Cambridge at
      December 31, 2000......................................    $ 224,419
     Estimated costs to exit certain Cambridge activities....      (26,675)
     
Liabilities related to involuntary employee termination
      benefits...............................................      
(10,200)
     Goodwill................................................       
72,846
                                                                 ---------
       Total.................................................    
$ 260,390
                                                                 =========

   Transaction costs include direct transaction costs consisting primarily of
financial advisory services, legal, accounting and government filing fees.

Estimated costs to exit certain Cambridge activities include costs to vacate
facilities made duplicative by the merger.
Novell expects that all duplicate
facilities will be vacated within one year after consummation of the Cambridge
merger.
The operating leases on these duplicate facilities have various
termination dates through 2023.
Liabilities related to involuntary employee
termination benefits include amounts to be paid to Cambridge employees whose
positions become redundant and relocation of Cambridge employees whose
functions are being relocated to support a centralized infrastructure.
The
involuntary terminations and relocation benefits relate to employees across all
functional organizations.

   
Novell expects that a plan will be finalized in the quarter following
consummation of the Cambridge merger and initial execution of this plan will
begin in the Novell's fourth fiscal quarter of 2001.
Novell also expects the
plan to be implemented within one year from the consummation of the Cambridge
merger.

   
These acquisition costs are estimated and are subject to change as Novell
may incur additional charges in subsequent quarters and actual costs associated
with the transaction could be higher than estimated.
There is no assurance that
management will be successful in their efforts to integrate the operations of
Cambridge.

   
Tangible net assets of Cambridge acquired in the merger principally include
cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, accounts receivable, and
property, plant and equipment.
Liabilities of Cambridge assumed in the merger
primarily include accounts payable and other accrued liabilities.

  
NOTES TO NOVELL UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   Federal and state tax laws impose a limitation on the future use of certain
U.S. deferred tax attributes as a result of a change in ownership of a company.

Accordingly, some or all of the deferred tax assets of Cambridge may be subject
to a valuation allowance to reflect such limitations at the close of the
acquisition.
The amount of goodwill will be increased by any valuation
allowance required.


3.
Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statements of operations have
been prepared as if the Cambridge merger had occurred at the beginning of the
periods presented.
For the year ended October 31, 2000 and for the three months
ended January 31, 2001, the pro forma net loss per share and loss per share
before cumulative effect of accounting change, respectively, is based on the
weighted average number of shares of Novell common stock outstanding during
each period and the number of shares of Novell common stock to be issued in
connection with the Cambridge merger.


4.
Pro Forma Adjustments

   Novell and Cambridge had some accounting policies and procedures that
differed.
These differences primarily related to classification of assets as
well as line items in the liabilities and statement of operations line items.

The following pro forma adjustments include entries to conform the two
companies' accounting policies:

   (1)
To account for the issuance of Novell common stock upon the completion
       of the merger, direct transaction costs, costs to be incurred for exit
       activities including vacating Cambridge facilities and reducing
       headcount, and the recording of goodwill (see note 2).

   
(2) To reflect the reclassification of reimbursable expenses, advances,
       and other current assets from prepaid assets to other current assets
       to conform to Novell's presentation.

   
(3) To reflect the reclassification of accrued salaries, vacation, bonuses
       and other payroll related items from other accrued liabilities to
       accrued compensation to conform to Novell's presentation.

   
(4) To reflect the reclassification of accrued accounts payable from other
       accrued liabilities to accounts payable to conform to Novell's
       presentation.

   
(5) To reflect the reclassification of marketing related liabilities from
       other accrued liabilities to accrued marketing liabilities to conform
       to Novell's presentation.

   
(6) To reflect the reclassification of certain general and administrative
       costs to cost of sales and sales and marketing expenses to conform to
       Novell's presentation.

   
(7) To reverse stock option benefits, credited by Novell for the fiscal
       year ended October 31, 2000, to reflect current U.S. taxes, offset by
       Cambridge net operating losses, and to provide a valuation allowance
       for the related deferred tax assets.

   
(8) To reflect the elimination of the accounts that comprise Cambridge's
       stockholders' equity.

   (9) To reflect the impact on fiscal 2000 revenue for the change in
       accounting principle adopted by Novell in the first quarter of fiscal
       2001(see note 1).

  
(10) To record the amortization of goodwill recorded in conjunction with
       the merger.
Goodwill is being amortized over four years.

  
(11) To adjust income tax expense based on income (loss) before taxes of
       the combined entities and deductible pro forma adjustments.

                       COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
                 CAMBRIDGE COMMON STOCK AND NOVELL COMMON STOCK

   This section of the proxy statement-prospectus describes material
differences between the rights of holders of Novell capital stock and Cambridge
capital stock.
While Novell and Cambridge believe that the description covers
the material differences between the two companies, this summary may not
contain all of the information that is important to you.
You should carefully
read this entire proxy statement-prospectus and the other documents referred to
in and incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus for a
more complete understanding of the differences between being a stockholder of
Novell and being a stockholder of Cambridge.
The following description of the
capital stock of Novell and Cambridge does not purport to be complete, and is
subject to and qualified in its entirety by, the certificates of incorporation
and bylaws of the respective companies, and by the provisions of applicable
Delaware law.


Charter, bylaws and governing law

   Cambridge's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended
and Restated Bylaws, each as currently in effect, govern your rights as a
stockholder of Cambridge.
After completion of the merger, you will become a
stockholder of Novell.
Novell's Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws, each as currently in effect, will govern your rights as a stockholder
of Novell.
Novell and Cambridge are each incorporated under the laws of the
State of Delaware.
Accordingly, the Delaware General Corporation Law will
continue to govern your rights as a stockholder after completion of the merger.


Capitalization

   Description of capital stock of Novell and Cambridge

   The total authorized shares of capital stock of Novell consists of
600,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.10 par value per share, and 500,000
shares of preferred stock, $0.10 par value per share, designated as Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
As of January 31, 2001, there were
317,653,609 shares of Novell common stock outstanding; there were no shares of
preferred stock issued or outstanding.
As of that date, Novell had also
reserved 94,627,729 shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to its
employee and director stock and option and stock purchase plans; options were
outstanding for 62,265,857 of those shares.

   
The total authorized shares of capital stock of Cambridge consists of
250,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, and 2,000,000
shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share, 100,000 of which have
been designated Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
As of March 28,
2001, there were 63,532,271 shares of Cambridge common stock outstanding; there
were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.
As of March 11, 2001,
Cambridge had also reserved 23,189,746 shares of common stock for issuance
pursuant to its employee and director stock and option and stock purchase
plans; options were outstanding for 17,545,280 of those shares.

   
Classes of preferred stock of Novell and Cambridge

   The certificates of incorporation of each of Novell and Cambridge provide
that the respective boards of directors are authorized to provide for the
issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix the
designations, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and
any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof.

   
Novell has 500,000 shares of preferred stock, designated Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, none of which are issued or outstanding.
This
preferred stock is issuable upon exercise of certain rights declared as a
dividend for Novell common stock.
Novell preferred stock issued upon exercise
of the Novell rights will not be redeemable.
Each share of preferred stock will
be entitled to an aggregate dividend of 1,000 times the dividend declared per
share of Novell common stock.
In the event of liquidation, the holders of
Novell preferred stock will be entitled to minimum preferential liquidation
payment equal to the greater of

$1,000 per share and 1,000 times the per share amount to be distributed to the
holders of Novell common stock.
Each share of preferred stock will have 1,000
votes, voting together with the common stock.
Finally, in the event of any
merger, consolidation or other transaction in which Novell common stock is
exchanged, each share of preferred stock will be entitled to receive 1,000
times the amount received per share of common stock.
These rights are protected
by customary anti-dilution provisions.

   
Cambridge has 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 100,000 of which have
been designated Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, none of which
are issued or outstanding.
The Cambridge preferred stock is issuable upon
exercise of certain rights declared as a dividend for Cambridge common stock.

The Cambridge preferred stock has substantially similar rights, preferences and
privileges as does the Novell preferred stock.


Board of directors

   Novell's board of directors currently consists of eight directors.
Under its
bylaws, Novell's board sets the number of directors on the board, at no fewer
than three or more than nine, however, the Novell directors have the right to
amend the bylaws and, in connection with the merger, the bylaws will be amended
to allow for ten directors.
Novell directors serve for a term of one year, and
hold office until a successor is elected and qualified, or until death,
resignation or removal.

   
Cambridge's board of directors currently consists of six directors.
Under
its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, Cambridge's board sets the number
of directors on the board.
Cambridge directors serve for a term of one year,
and hold office until a successor is elected and qualified, or until death,
resignation or removal.

   
For a more detailed description regarding amendment of bylaws and
certificates of incorporation, see "Amendment of bylaws" on page 71 and
"Amendment of certificate of incorporation" on page 70.


Removal of directors

   Novell's certificate of incorporation and bylaws are silent as to the
process for removing directors, but under Delaware law, any director, or the
entire board of directors, of Novell may be removed at any time with or without
cause by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an
election of directors.

   
Cambridge's Bylaws provide that any member of Cambridge's board may be
removed at any time with or without cause, by the vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote at an election of directors or
for cause by the vote of a majority of the directors then in office.
However, a
Cambridge director may be removed for cause only after the director has been
afforded reasonable notice and an opportunity to be heard before the board or
the stockholders, as the case may be, which proposes removing the director.


Stockholder ability to call special meetings

   A special meeting of Novell stockholders may be called by the chairman of
the board of directors, a majority of the board, the president or at the
written request of the holders of a majority of the stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote.

   
A special meeting of Cambridge stockholders may be called by the president,
the board of directors or upon the written request of holders of at least 25%
of the stock entitled to vote.


Advance notice provisions for stockholder nominations and proposals

   Novell's bylaws allow any stockholder to nominate candidates for election to
Novell's board of directors at, and to propose business to be brought before, a
stockholder meeting.
A stockholder who seeks to nominate a candidate or make a
proposal must give timely written notice to the Secretary of Novell before the
stockholder meeting, and must have been a stockholder of record on the date
notice of the stockholder meeting was given.

   
In the case of an annual stockholder meeting, notice of any proposed
business by a Novell stockholder is timely if notice is received by the
Secretary of Novell not later than 60 days before the first anniversary of the
date on which Novell mailed notice of the previous year's annual meeting to
stockholders or if the notice relates to the nomination of directors, if notice
is given to the Secretary of Novell not later than 90 days before the date of
the annual meeting and such notice is received by the Secretary of Novell not
later than 60 days before the first anniversary of the date on which Novell
mailed notice of the previous year's annual meeting to stockholders.

   
In the case of director nomination at a special meeting of stockholders
called for the purpose of electing directors, notice relating to the nomination
of directors is timely if given to the Secretary of Novell by the close of
business on the seventh day following the date on which notice of the special
meeting was first given to stockholders.

   
A stockholder's notice to Novell must include the name and address of the
stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, as they appear on Novell's books
and the class and number of shares of Novell which are owned by the stockholder
and beneficial owner.

   
A stockholder's notice for proposed business must also include a brief
description of the business the stockholder proposes to bring before the
meeting, the reasons for conducting that business at that meeting and any
material interest of the stockholder in the business proposed and the
beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made.

   
A stockholder's notice for director nominations must also include the
following:

  .
as to each nominee proposed by the stockholder, the name and address of
    the nominee, and all information required to be disclosed in
    solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or information
    otherwise required by applicable law, including that person's written
    consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving
    as a director if elected; and

  .
a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of Novell
    stock, the number of shares of Novell stock held by the stockholder,
    whether the stockholder is entitled to vote at the stockholder meeting,
    and whether the stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at
    the meeting to nominate the person specified in the notice; and

  .
a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
    stockholder and the nominee or third parties regarding the nomination.

   
Cambridge's bylaws allow any stockholder to nominate candidates for election
to Cambridge's board of directors at, and to propose business to be brought
before, an annual stockholder meeting.
Cambridge's bylaws also allow any
stockholder to nominate candidates for election to Cambridge's board of
directors at a special stockholder meeting called for the purpose of electing
directors.
A stockholder who seeks to nominate a candidate or make a proposal
must give timely written notice to the Secretary of Cambridge before the
stockholder meeting, and must have been a stockholder of record on the date
notice of the stockholder meeting was given.

   
In the case of an annual stockholder meeting, notice by a Cambridge
stockholder is timely if delivered to the Secretary of Cambridge at Cambridge's
principal offices not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor
earlier than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first
anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting or if the date of the annual
meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after the anniversary
date, not earlier than the close of business on the 90th day before the date of
the annual stockholder meeting and not later than the close of business on the
later of the 60th day before the annual meeting or the close of business on the
10th day following the date on which the date of the annual meeting was
publicly announced; or in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called
for the purpose of electing directors, not earlier than the close of business
on the 90th day before the date of the special stockholder meeting and not
later than the close of business of the 60th day before the special meeting or
the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which the date of
the special meeting was publicly announced.

   
A stockholder's notice to Cambridge must set forth the following
information: the name and address of the stockholder and the beneficial owner,
if any, as they appear on Cambridge's books and the class and number of shares
of Cambridge which are owned by the stockholder and beneficial owner; if any;
and for proposed business, a brief description of the business the stockholder
proposes to bring before the meeting, the reasons for conducting that business
at that meeting and any material interest of the stockholder in the business
proposed and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is
made; or for director nominations, as to each nominee proposed by the
stockholder, the name and address of the nominee, and all information required
to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or
information otherwise required by applicable law, including that person's
written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serving as a director if elected.


Stockholder proxies

   Novell's bylaws specifically provide that a proxy must be executed in
writing by the stockholder or an attorney-in-fact and filed with the Secretary
of Novell.
Furthermore, a proxy, unless coupled with an interest, is revocable
at will by the Novell stockholder, notwithstanding any agreements to the
contrary, but any revocation is ineffective until the stockholder has given
notice to the Secretary of Novell.
A proxy is not revoked by death or
incapacity of the stockholder unless written notice of the death or incapacity
is sent to the Secretary of Novell before the vote is counted or the authority
is exercised.

   
Cambridge's bylaws only require that a proxy be in writing or transmitted
as otherwise permitted by law.


Stockholder voting

   Novell's bylaws provide that when a quorum is present at any stockholder
meeting, the vote of the holders of the majority of the stock having voting
power present in person or represented by proxy is required to approve any
issue brought before the meeting, unless a different vote is required by law
or Novell's bylaws or certificate of incorporation.

   
Cambridge's bylaws provide that when a quorum is present at any stockholder
meeting, the vote of a majority of shares cast affirmatively or negatively at
the meeting is required to approve any action other than election of
directors, unless a different vote is required by law or Cambridge's
certificate of incorporation.
Election of directors is determined by a
plurality of the votes cast at the meeting.
Under Delaware law, adoption of
the merger agreement and approval of the merger require the affirmative vote
of a majority of outstanding shares of Cambridge common stock.


Notice of stockholder meetings

   Novell's bylaws provide that written notice of the place, date and hour of
every meeting of stockholders, annual or special, must be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting not less than 10, nor more than
60, days before the date of the meeting.

   
Cambridge's bylaws provide that written notice of the place, date and hour
of all meetings of stockholders must be given to each stockholder entitled to
vote at the meeting not less than 10, nor more than 50, days before the date
of the meeting.


Amendment of certificate of incorporation

   Under Delaware law, a certificate of incorporation of a Delaware
corporation may be amended by approval of the board of directors of the
corporation and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote for the amendment, unless a higher vote is
required by the corporation's certificate of incorporation.

   
Novell's certificate of incorporation does not contain any provisions
requiring a vote greater than that required by Delaware law to amend its
certificate of incorporation.
It does provide, however, that any amendment that
materially and adversely alters or changes the powers, preference or special
rights of the Novell Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding
shares of Novell Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock voting
separately as a class.

   
Cambridge's certificate of incorporation does not contain any provisions
requiring a vote greater than that required by Delaware law to amend its
certificates of incorporation.
It does provide, however, that any charter
amendment that materially and adversely alters or changes the powers,
preference or special rights of the Cambridge Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of
the then-outstanding shares of Cambridge Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock voting separately as a class.


Amendment of bylaws

   The respective boards of directors of Novell and Cambridge are expressly
authorized to adopt, amend and repeal the companies' respective bylaws.
In
addition, under Delaware law, stockholders have the power to adopt, amend or
repeal bylaws, even though the board of directors may also be delegated such
power.

   
The bylaws of Cambridge also specifically provide that:

  .
the Cambridge board may not amend or repeal the bylaw provision regarding
    amendment of the bylaws, or any other provision of its bylaws which
    require action by Cambridge stockholders; and

  .
Cambridge stockholders may repeal or amend any amendment, repeal or
    adoption of bylaws by the Cambridge board.


Rights plans

   The board of directors of Cambridge previously adopted a stockholder rights
plan, which provides for a dividend of rights to holders of Cambridge common
stock.
The board of directors of Novell also previously adopted a stockholder
rights plan, which provides for a dividend of rights to holders of Novell
common stock.
The terms of the rights for Novell and Cambridge are
substantively similar, with certain exceptions.

   
Under certain conditions, each Novell right is exercisable to purchase
1/1000 of a share of Novell Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock at a
price $120 per 1/1000 of a share of Novell Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock.
Similarly, each Cambridge right is exercisable to purchase
1/1000 of a share of Cambridge Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock,
but at a price of $200 per 1/1000 of a share of Cambridge Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock.

   
The Novell rights are exercisable only upon:

  .
a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated persons has
    acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of Novell common stock; or

  .
the commencement of, or announcement of an intention to make, a tender
    offer or exchange offer that would result in the beneficial ownership by
    a person or group of 15% or more of Novell common stock if consummated.

   
The Cambridge rights are exercisable upon the occurrence of similar events,
as well as if a majority of the directors of Cambridge declares that any person
or group has become the beneficial owner of an amount of Cambridge common stock
which the board determines to be substantial and the acquisition of such stock
is:

  .
intended to cause Cambridge to enter into transactions to provide the
    person or group with short-term gains at the expense of Cambridge's long-
    term interests; or

  .
likely to have a material adverse impact on Cambridge's business or
    prospects.

   
If a person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or more of Novell
common stock, each holder of a Novell right (other than the beneficial owner
person or group) may receive upon exercise of the right a number of shares of
Novell common stock equal to the exercise price of a Novell right divided by
one-half the current market price of a share of Novell common stock.

   
Holders of Cambridge rights have a right to receive shares of Cambridge
common stock in similar proportions if:

  .
a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of
    Cambridge common stock;

  .
Cambridge is the surviving corporation in a merger with a person or group
    and its common stock is not changed or exchanged;

  .
a person or group engages in certain "self-dealing" transactions; or

  .
an event occurs which results in a person or group's beneficial ownership
    interest being increased by more than 1%, as in a reverse stock split.

   
If, after a person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more
of Novell common stock, Novell merges with or into another entity or Novell
sells more than 50% of its earning power, then each holder of a Novell right
(other than the beneficial owner person or group) may receive upon exercise of
the right a number of shares of the stock of the acquiring or merging entity
equal to the exercise price of a Novell right divided by one-half the current
market price of a share of the stock of the acquiring or merging entity.

   
Holders of Cambridge rights have a similar right to acquire shares of the
stock of a merging or acquiring entity.

   
At any time after a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of the common stock of Novell, the board may:

  .
exchange the Novell rights (other than those rights held by the
    beneficial owner person or group), in whole or in part, at an exchange
    ratio of one share of Novell common stock for each Novell right; or

  .
at any time within 10 days after the acquisition of 15% ownership by a
    person or group, redeem the Novell rights in whole, but not in part, at a
    price of $0.01 per right, and the Novell rights terminate immediately
    upon redemption.

   
The board of Cambridge may also exchange or redeem the Cambridge rights on
similar terms.

   
The Novell rights expire on November 21, 2006, unless earlier exchanged or
redeemed.

   
Pursuant to the merger agreement between Novell and Cambridge, the Cambridge
rights have been rendered inapplicable to the proposed merger and the related
transactions.
Furthermore, the Cambridge rights plan has been amended to
terminate upon the earlier of the closing of the proposed merger and June 23,
2007.


Indemnification of directors and officers

   In actions brought by third parties, and not by or on behalf of the
corporations, the respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Novell
and Cambridge permit each corporation to indemnify its officers and directors
for actions taken in good faith and in a manner that the officers or directors
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the
corporation, and with respect to any criminal action, which they had no
reasonable cause to believe was unlawful.
However, Cambridge will not indemnify
an officer or director in connection with a proceeding initiated by the officer
or director, unless the initiation was approved by the Cambridge board.

   
In actions brought by or on behalf of the corporations, the respective
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Novell and Cambridge permit each
corporation to indemnify its officers and directors for actions taken in good
faith and in a manner that the officers or directors reasonably believed to be
in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation.
However, officers
and directors will not be indemnified if:

  .
in the case of Novell, the officer or director was adjudged liable for
    negligence or misconduct, unless the relevant court determines that the
    officer or director is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity; or

  .
in the case of Cambridge, the officer or director was adjudged liable,
    unless the relevant court determines that the officer or director is
    fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity.

   
Additionally, each of the corporations may pay expenses incurred by its
directors or officers in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or
proceeding because that person is a director or officer, in advance of the
final disposition of that action, suit or proceeding.
However, such payment
will be made only upon an undertaking by or on behalf of that director or
officer to repay all amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that the
director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the respective
corporation, as authorized by our respective certificates of incorporation and
bylaws.

   
In addition, Delaware law permits a corporation to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of its officers and directors.
Novell does not specifically
authorize such insurance in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

Cambridge's certificate of incorporation does authorize such insurance on
behalf of its directors and officers.


Arrangements binding on stockholders

   Novell's certificate of incorporation provides that if an arrangement is
proposed between Novell and its creditors and/or between Novell and its
stockholders, the relevant court may, on the application of Novell, its
creditors, its stockholders or trustees or receivers appointed pursuant to
Delaware law, order a meeting of the creditors and/or Novell stockholders.
If
3/4 in value of the creditors and/or stockholders agree to any arrangement and
subsequent reorganization of Novell at the meeting, the arrangement and
reorganization will be binding on Novell and all of the creditors and/or
stockholders, if sanctioned by the court.

   
Cambridge's charter does not have such a provision.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

   
The validity of the shares of Novell common stock offered by this proxy
statement-prospectus will be passed upon for Novell by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich
& Rosati, Professional Corporation.
Larry Sonsini is both a member of Wilson
Sonsini and a director of Novell.
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP will pass upon
certain legal matters for Cambridge.

                                    
EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements and schedule of Novell, Inc. at
October 31, 1999 and 2000, and for each of the three years in the period ended
October 31, 2000 included in Novell's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended October 31, 2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent
auditors, as set forth in their report included therein and incorporated herein
by reference.
Such consolidated financial statements and schedule are
incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the
authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   
The consolidated financial statements of Cambridge Technology Partners
(Massachusetts), Inc. incorporated in this proxy statement-prospectus by
reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2000, have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   This proxy statement-prospectus incorporates documents by reference that are
not presented in or delivered with this proxy statement-prospectus.

   
All documents filed by Novell and Cambridge pursuant to Section 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the date of
this proxy statement-prospectus and before the date of the special meeting are
incorporated by reference into and to be a part of this proxy statement-
prospectus from the date of filing of those documents.

   
You should rely only on the information contained in this document or that
we have referred you to.
We have not authorized anyone to provide you with
information that is different.

   
The following documents, which were filed by Cambridge with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, are incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus:

  .
Cambridge's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
    31, 2000 (file number 0-21040) (filed April 2, 2001).

  .
Cambridge's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 12, 2001 (filed March
    13, 2001).

  .
Cambridge's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (filed April 28,
    2000).

  .
The description of Cambridge's common stock contained in Cambridge's
    Registration Statement on Form 8-A (filed December 24, 1992), including
    any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
    description.

  .
The description of Cambridge's preferred stock purchase rights contained
    in Cambridge's Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A, Amendment No. 1
    (filed September 30, 1998), including any amendment or report filed for
    the purpose of updating such description.

   
The following documents, which have been filed by Novell with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, are incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus:

  .
Novell's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31,
    2000 (file number 0-13351) (filed January 26, 2001).

  .
Novell's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31,
    2001 (filed March 15, 2001).

  .
Novell's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 12, 2001 (filed March 16,
    2001).

  .
Novell's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6, 2001 (filed
    February 6, 2001).

  .
Novell's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 13, 2000 (filed
    November 13, 2000).

  .
Novell's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (filed March 5,
    2001).

  .
The description of Novell's common stock contained in Novell's
    Registration Statement on Form 8-A (filed April 3, 1985), including any
    amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description.

  .
The description of Novell's preferred stock purchase rights contained in
    Novell's Registration Statement on Form 8-A (filed December 13, 1999),
    including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
    description.

   
Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus will be deemed
to be modified or superseded for purposes of this proxy statement-prospectus to
the extent that a statement contained in this proxy statement-prospectus or any
other subsequently filed document that is deemed to be incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement-prospectus modifies or supersedes the
statement.
Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except
as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this proxy statement-
prospectus.

   
The documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus
are available from Cambridge or Novell upon request.
Cambridge or Novell will
provide a copy of any and all of the information that is incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement-prospectus (not including exhibits to the
information unless those exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus) to any person, without charge, upon
written or oral request.
Any request for documents should be made by June   ,
2001 to ensure timely delivery of the documents.

                                          
Requests for documents relating to
  Requests for documents relating to      Novell should be directed to:
  Cambridge should be directed to:

                                          Novell, Inc.
  Cambridge Technology Partners           1800 South Novell Place
  (Massachusetts), Inc.                   Provo, Utah 84606
  Eight Cambridge Center Cambridge,
  Massachusetts 02142

                                          Attention: Investor Relations

  Attention: Investor Relations
   Cambridge and Novell file reports, proxy statements and other information
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Copies of our reports, proxy
statements and other information may be inspected and copied at the public
reference facilities maintained by the SEC at:

   Judiciary Plaza          Citicorp Center           Seven World Trade Center
   Room 1024                500 West Madison Street   13th
Floor
   450 Fifth Street, N.W.   Suite 1400                New York, New York 10048
   Washington, D.C. 20549   Chicago, Illinois 60661

   Reports, proxy statements and other information concerning Cambridge and
Novell may be inspected at:

   The National Association of Securities Dealers
   1735 K Street, N.W.
   Washington, D.C. 20006

   Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
The SEC
maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding each of us.
The address of the SEC website is
http://www.sec.gov.

   
Novell has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities
Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to Novell's
common stock to be issued to Cambridge stockholders in the merger.
This proxy
statement-prospectus constitutes the prospectus of Novell filed as part of the
registration statement.
This proxy statement-prospectus does not contain all
of the information set forth in the registration statement because parts of
the registration statement are omitted in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the SEC.
The registration statement and its exhibits are
available for inspection and copying as set forth above.

   
Cambridge stockholders should call Cambridge Investor Relations at (617)
914-8003 with any questions about the merger.

   
This proxy statement-prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a
solicitation of an offer to purchase, the securities offered by this proxy
statement-prospectus, or the solicitation of a proxy, in any jurisdiction to
or from any person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to make such offer,
solicitation of an offer or proxy solicitation in such jurisdiction.
Neither
the delivery of this proxy statement-prospectus nor any distribution of
securities pursuant to this proxy statement-prospectus shall, under any
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the
information set forth or incorporated into this proxy statement-prospectus by
reference or in our affairs since the date of this proxy statement-prospectus.

The information contained in this proxy statement-prospectus with respect to
Cambridge and its subsidiaries was provided by Cambridge and the information
contained in this proxy statement-prospectus with respect to Novell was
provided by Novell.

                                                                         
ANNEX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

                                  BY AND AMONG

                                  NOVELL, INC.

                        CERES NEPTUNE ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      AND

              CAMBRIDGE TECHNOLOGY PARTNERS (MASSACHUSETTS), INC.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

 ARTICLE I THE MERGER......................................................   1
    1.1  The Merger.......................................................    
1
    1.2  Effective Time; Closing..........................................    2
    1.3  Effect of the Merger.............................................    2
    1.4  Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.............................    2
    1.5  Directors and Officers...........................................    2
    1.6  Effect on Capital Stock..........................................    2
    1.7  Surrender of Certificates........................................    4
    1.8  No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock..............    5
    1.9  Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates...........................    5
    1.10 Tax and Accounting Consequences..................................    5
    1.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.......................    5

 ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY......................   6
    2.1  Organization of Company..........................................    6
    2.2  Company Capital Structure........................................    6
    2.3  Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock........................    
6
    2.4  Authority........................................................    7
    2.5  SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements........................    8
    2.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.............................    8
    2.7  Taxes............................................................    9
    2.8  Company Intellectual Property....................................   10
    2.9  Compliance; Permits; Restrictions................................   11
    2.10 Litigation.......................................................   12
    2.11 Brokers' and Finders' Fees.......................................   12
    2.12 Employee Matters and Benefit Plans...............................   12
    2.13
[Intentionally Omitted]..........................................   15
    2.14 Environmental Matters............................................   15
    2.15
[Intentionally Omitted]..........................................   
15
    2.16 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments............................   15
    2.17 Statements; Proxy Statement/Prospectus...........................   17
    2.18 Board Approval...................................................   17
    2.19 State Takeover Statutes..........................................   17
    2.20 Fairness Opinion.................................................   17
    2.21 Company Rights Agreement.........................................   17
    2.22 Investment Company...............................................   17

 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB.......  18
    3.1  Organization of Parent...........................................   18
    3.2  Parent Capital Structure.........................................   18
    3.3  Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock........................   18
    3.4  Authority........................................................   19
    3.5  SEC Filings; Parent Financial Statements.........................   20
    3.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.............................   20
    3.7  Compliance; Permits; Restrictions................................   20
    3.8  Litigation.......................................................   21
    3.9  Environmental Matters............................................   21
    3.10 Labor Matters....................................................   21
    3.11 Statements; Proxy Statement/Prospectus...........................   21
    3.12 Board Approval...................................................   22

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

    3.13 Parent Intellectual Property...................................   22
    3.14 Taxes..........................................................   22

 ARTICLE IV CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME..............  22
    4.1  Conduct of Business by Company.................................   22
    4.2  Conduct of Business by Parent..................................   25

 ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.........................................  25
         Proxy Statement/Prospectus; S-4; Other Filings; Board
    5.1  Recommendations................................................   25
    5.2  Stockholder Meetings...........................................   26
    5.3  Confidentiality; Access to Information.........................   27
    5.4  No Solicitation................................................   27
    5.5  Public Disclosure..............................................   29
    5.6  Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Notification..................   29
    5.7  Third Party Consents...........................................   29
    5.8  
[Intentionally Left Blank].....................................   30
    5.9  Stock Options; Employee Benefits...............................   30
    5.10 Form S-8.......................................................   31
    5.11 Indemnification................................................   31
    5.12 Affiliate Agreements...........................................   
32
    5.13 Regulatory Filings; Reasonable Efforts.........................   32
    5.14 Action by Board of Directors...................................   32
    5.15 Nasdaq Listing.................................................   32

 ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.....................................  
33
    6.1  Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger...   33
    6.2  Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company................   33
         Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger
    6.3  Sub............................................................   34

 ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER...........................  34
    7.1  Termination....................................................   34
    7.2  Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination...................   36
    7.3  Fees and Expenses..............................................   36
    7.4  Amendment......................................................   37
    7.5  Extension; Waiver..............................................   37

 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS.........................................  
37
    8.1  Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties.................   
37
    8.2  Notices........................................................   37
    8.3  Interpretation.................................................   38
    8.4  Counterparts...................................................   38
    8.5  Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries....................   38
    8.6  Severability...................................................   39
    8.7  Other Remedies; Specific Performance...........................   
39
    8.8  Governing Law..................................................   39
    8.9  Rules of Construction..........................................   39
    8.10 Assignment.....................................................   39
    8.11 Waiver of Jury Trial...........................................   39

                               INDEX OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Company Voting Agreement

Exhibit B Form of Company Affiliate Agreement

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of March 12, 2001, among Novell, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Ceres Neptune Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Cambridge Technology
Partners (Massachusetts), Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company").

                                    
Recitals

   A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law ("Delaware Law"), Parent,
Merger Sub and Company intend to enter into a business combination transaction.

   
B. The Board of Directors of Company (i) has determined that the Merger (as
defined in Section 1.1) is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term
business strategy of Company and in the best interests of Company and its
stockholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) has adopted a resolution
declaring the Merger Agreement advisable and (iv) has determined to recommend
that the stockholders of Company adopt this Agreement.

   
C.
The Board of Directors of Parent (i) has determined that the Merger is
consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Parent
and in the best interests of Parent, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) has
adopted a resolution declaring the Merger Agreement advisable and approving the
issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock (as defined below) pursuant to the
Merger (the "Share Issuance").

   
D. The Board of Directors of Merger Sub (i) has determined that the Merger
(as defined in Section 1.1) is in the best interest of Merger Sub and its sole
stockholder, Parent, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) has adopted a resolution
declaring the Merger Agreement advisable and (iv) has determined unanimously to
recommend that Parent, in its capacity as sole stockholder of Merger Sub, adopt
this Agreement.

   
E. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement: (i) certain
stockholders of Company are entering into Voting Agreements in substantially
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Company Voting Agreements") and
(ii) certain Company Affiliates (as defined in Section 5.11 below) are entering
into Company Affiliate Agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B (the "Company Affiliate Agreements").

   
F.
The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

   
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   
The Merger

   1.1 The Merger.
At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and
subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
applicable provisions of Delaware Law, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into
Company (the "Merger"), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall
cease and Company shall continue as the surviving corporation.
Company as the
surviving corporation after the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as
the "Surviving Corporation."

                                      A-1

   1.2 Effective Time; Closing.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing on the
Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.2) a Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant
provisions of Delaware Law (the "Certificate of Merger")
(the time of such
filing (or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Company and Parent
and specified in the Certificate of Merger) being the "Effective Time").
The
closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, at a time and date to be
specified in writing by the parties, which shall be no later than the second
business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VI, or at such other time, date and location as the parties hereto
agree in writing (the "Closing Date").

   
1.3 Effect of the Merger.
At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of
Delaware Law.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject
thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of Company and Merger Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

   
1.4 Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.

     (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger
  Sub as in effect on the date hereof and subject to the following proviso,
  shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation;
  provided, however, that the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
  Corporation shall be amended so that the name of the Surviving Corporation
  shall be "Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc.".

     (b) The Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
  Effective Time, shall be, at the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the
  Surviving Corporation.

   
1.5 Directors and Officers.
The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation
until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified or until
their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, or as otherwise
provided by applicable law.
The officers of the Company immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation
until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified or until
their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, or as otherwise
provided by applicable law.

   
1.6 Effect on Capital Stock.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of the
following securities, the following shall occur:

     (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock.
Each share of Common Stock, par
  value $0.01 per share, of Company (the "Company Common Stock") issued and
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any share
  of Company Common Stock to be canceled and extinguished pursuant to Section
  1.6(b))
will be automatically converted (subject to Sections 1.6(e) and
  (f)) into 0.668 (the "Exchange Ratio") of a validly issued, fully paid and
  nonassessable share of Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share, of Parent
  (the "Parent Common Stock"), which shall be referred to in this Agreement
  as the "Merger Consideration."
If any shares of Company Common Stock
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are
  subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under
  any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with
  Company, then the shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange for such
  shares of Company Common Stock will also be unvested and subject to the
  same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition, and the
  certificates representing such shares of Parent Common Stock may
  accordingly be marked with appropriate legends.

     (b) Cancellation of Company-Owned Stock.
Each share of Company Common
  Stock held by Company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
  Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and
  extinguished without any conversion thereof.

                                      
A-2

     (c) Stock Options; Earn-Out Right.
At the Effective Time, all options to
  purchase Company Common Stock then outstanding under Company's 1998 Stock
  Option Plan, 1997 Stock Option Plan, 1991 Stock Option Plan, 1995 Non-
  employee Director Stock Option Plan, Axiom Stock Option Plan, IOS Gruppen
  Stock Plan and SCG Option Plan (collectively, the "Company Option Plans"),
  whether vested or unvested, and the Company Option Plans themselves, shall
  be assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 5.8.
At the Effective Time,
  all obligations to deliver shares of Company Common Stock (the "Earn-Out
  Agreement") under the Agreement for the Purchase of the Business and Assets
  of OSIX Pty Ltd., dated November 3, 2000, among the Company, Cambridge
  Technology Partners Pty Ltd., the Warrantors and OSIX Pty Ltd., shall be
  assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 5.8(c) hereof.

     (d) Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
Each share of Common Stock, $0.01 par
  value per share, of Merger Sub (the "Merger Sub Common Stock") issued and
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
  one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock,
  $0.01 par value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.
Each certificate
  evidencing ownership of shares of Merger Sub Common Stock shall evidence
  ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

     (e) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.
The Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted
  to reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock
  split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities
  convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Parent Common Stock or
  Company Common Stock), extraordinary cash dividend, reorganization,
  recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or
  other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Common
  Stock occurring or having a record date on or after the date hereof and
  prior to the Effective Time.

     (f) Fractional Shares.

       
(i)
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock will be issued by
    virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof, each holder of shares of
    Company Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a
    share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares
    of Parent Common Stock that otherwise would be received by such holder)
    shall, upon surrender of such holder's Certificates(s) (as defined in
    Section 1.7(c) hereof), receive from the Exchange Agent (as defined in
    Section 1.7(a) hereof) an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole
    cent), without interest, representing such holder's proportionate
    interest in the net proceeds from the sale by the Exchange Agent in one
    or more transactions (which sale transactions shall be made at such
    times, in such manner and on such terms as the Exchange Agent shall
    determine in its reasonable discretion) on behalf of all such holders
    of the aggregate of the fractional shares of Parent Common Stock as
    applicable (the "Excess Parent Common Stock").
The sale of the Excess
    Parent Common Stock by the Exchange Agent shall be executed on the
    Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq") and shall be executed in round lots
    to the extent practicable.
Until the proceeds of such sale or sales
    have been distributed to the former holders of Company Common Stock,
    the Exchange Agent shall hold such proceeds for the benefit of such
    holders without liability or obligation to invest such amounts or to
    pay interest thereon to such holders.
Parent shall reimburse the
    Exchange Agent for all reasonable commissions, transfer taxes and other
    out-of-pocket transaction costs, including expenses incurred and
    commissions paid by the Exchange Agent in connection with the sale of
    the Excess Parent Common Stock.
The Exchange Agent shall determine the
    portion of such net proceeds to which each former holder of shares of
    Company Common Stock shall be entitled, if any, by multiplying the
    amount of the aggregate net proceeds by a fraction the numerator of
    which is the amount of the fractional share interest to which such
    former holder of shares of Company Common Stock is entitled (after
    taking into account all shares of Company Common Stock then held by
    such former holder) and the denominator of which is the aggregate
    amount of fractional interests to which all former holders of shares of
    Company Common Stock are entitled.

       
(ii)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1.6(f)(i) hereof,
    Parent may elect, at its option exercised prior to the Effective Time,
    and in lieu of the issuance and sale of the Excess Parent

                                      A-3

    Common Stock and the making of the payments contemplated in Section
    1.6(f)(i) hereof, to pay to the Exchange Agent an amount of cash
    sufficient for the Exchange Agent to pay each former holder of shares
    of Company Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction
    of a share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional
    shares of Parent Common Stock to be received by such holder) an amount
    of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) equal to the product
    obtained by multiplying (x) such fraction of a share of Parent Common
    Stock by (y) the average closing price of one share of Parent Common
    Stock for the five (5) most recent days that Parent Common Stock has
    traded ending on the trading day immediately prior to the Effective
    Time, as reported on Nasdaq.

   
1.7 Surrender of Certificates.

     (a) Exchange Agent.
Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall select a
  bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to Company to act as the
  exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the Merger.

     
(b) Parent to Provide Common Stock.
As of the Effective Time, Parent
  shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this
  Article I, the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section
  1.6(a) in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, and cash
  in an amount sufficient for payment in lieu of fractional shares pursuant
  to Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or distributions to which holders of
  shares of Company Common Stock may be entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(d).

     (c) Exchange Procedures.
As soon as practicable after the Effective Time
  (but in no event more than five business days after the Effective Time)
  Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record (as
  of the Effective Time) of a certificate or certificates, which immediately
  prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company
  Common Stock (the "Certificates") (i) a letter of transmittal in customary
  form (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss
  and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
  Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for use in
  effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates
  representing shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 1.6(a), cash
  in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f), and any
  dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 1.7(d).
Upon surrender
  of Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other
  agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of
  transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the
  instructions thereto, the holders of such Certificates shall be entitled to
  receive in exchange therefor certificates representing the number of whole
  shares of Parent Common Stock into which their shares of Company Common
  Stock were converted pursuant to Section 1.6(a), together with payment in
  lieu of fractional shares which such holders have the right to receive
  pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or other distributions payable
  pursuant to Section 1.7(d), and the Certificates so surrendered shall
  forthwith be canceled.
Until so surrendered, outstanding Certificates will
  be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to evidence only the
  ownership of the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock into which
  such shares of Company Common Stock shall have been so converted (including
  any voting, notice or other rights associated with the ownership of such
  shares of Parent Common Stock under the Certificate of Incorporation or
  Bylaws of Parent or under Delaware Law) and the right to receive an amount
  in cash in lieu of the issuance of any fractional shares in accordance with
  Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to
  Section 1.7(d).

     (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
Dividends or other
  distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with
  respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time
  will be paid to the holders of any unsurrendered Certificates with respect
  to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby when the holders
  of record of such Certificates surrender such Certificates.

     
(e) Transfers of Ownership.
If certificates representing shares of
  Parent Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in which the
  Certificates surrendered in exchange therefor are registered, it will be a
  condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificates so surrendered will
  be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the
  persons requesting such exchange will have (i) paid

                                      A-4

  to Parent or any agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes
  required by reason of the issuance of certificates representing shares of
  Parent Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of
  the Certificates surrendered, or (ii) established to the satisfaction of
  Parent or any agent designated by it that such tax has been paid or is not
  payable.

     (f) Required Withholding.
Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the
  Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
  consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement
  to any holder or former holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as may
  be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or state,
  local or foreign law.
To the extent such amounts are so deducted or
  withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this
  Agreement as having been paid to the person to whom such amounts would
  otherwise have been paid.

     
(g) No Liability.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
  Section 1.7, neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Surviving Corporation
  nor any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common
  Stock or Company Common Stock for any amount properly paid to a public
  official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
  law.

   
1.8 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.
All shares of
Parent Common Stock issued in accordance with the terms hereof (including any
cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 1.6(f) and 1.7(d)) shall be
deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
such shares of Company Common Stock.
There shall be no further registration of
transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company
Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.

If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in
this Article I.

   1.9 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
shall issue and pay in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder
thereof, certificates representing the shares of Parent Common Stock into which
the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificates were
converted pursuant to Section 1.6(a), cash for fractional shares, if any, as
may be required pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or distributions
payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d); provided, however, that the Exchange Agent,
may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance of such
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock and the payment of cash
and other distributions, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

   
1.10 Tax and Accounting Consequences.

     (a) It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall
  constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
  Code.
The parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization"
  within the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United
  States Treasury Regulations.

     
(b) It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall qualify
  as a "purchase" transaction for accounting purposes.

   
1.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.
If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of Parent
and the Surviving Corporation shall be fully authorized (in the name of Merger
Sub, Company, the Surviving Corporation and otherwise) to take all such
necessary action.

                                      
A-5

                                   ARTICLE II

                   Representations and Warranties of Company

   Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub, subject to such
exceptions as are disclosed in writing in the disclosure schedules supplied by
Company to Parent dated as of the date hereof (the "Company Schedule"), which
disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise qualify the
representations or warranties of Company contained in the Section of this
Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure and the other
representations and warranties herein to the extent it is readily apparent on
the face of such disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such other
representations or warranties, as follows:

   2.1 Organization of Company.

     
(a) Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation duly
  organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
  jurisdiction of its incorporation; has the corporate power and authority to
  own, lease and operate its assets and property and to carry on its business
  as now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted; and is duly
  qualified to do business and in good standing as a foreign corporation in
  each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would have a
  Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.3) on Company.

     (b) Company has delivered to Parent a true and complete list of all of
  Company's subsidiaries, indicating the jurisdiction of incorporation of
  each subsidiary and Company's equity interest therein (to the extent such
  entity is not wholly owned) and except for securities held by the Company
  and minority ownership interests in certain of Company's subsidiaries held
  by third parties (as described on such list of subsidiaries), there are no
  outstanding equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership
  interests (or any security exchangeable or convertible into, or exercisable
  for, any of the foregoing) in any subsidiary of Company.

     (c) Company has delivered or made available to Parent a true and correct
  copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Company and similar
  governing instruments of each of its material subsidiaries, each as in
  effect on the date hereof, and each such instrument is in full force and
  effect.
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any
  of the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or
  equivalent governing instruments.

   
2.2 Company Capital Structure.
The authorized capital stock of Company
consists of 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
which there were 63,532,271 shares issued and outstanding as of March 1, 2001,
and 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Company
Preferred Stock"), of which there were no shares issued and outstanding as of
March 11, 2001.
All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are not subject to
preemptive rights created by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws of Company or any agreement or document to which Company is a party or
by which it is bound.
As of March 11, 2001 Company had reserved an aggregate of
23,189,746 shares of Company Common Stock, net of exercises, for issuance to
employees, consultants and non-employee directors pursuant to the Company
Option Plans, under which options are outstanding for an aggregate of
17,545,280 shares and under which 17,545,280 shares are available for grant or
issuance as of March 11, 2001.
All shares of Company Common Stock subject to
issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in
the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, would be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The Company has provided to the
Parent information describing option activity through March 11, 2001.

   
2.3 Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock.
Except as set forth in
Section 2.2 above and in Section 2.3 of the Company Schedule, there are no
equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of any
class of Company, or any securities exchangeable or convertible into or
exercisable for any such equity securities (including options and warrants),
partnership interests or similar ownership interests issued, reserved for
issuance or outstanding.
Except as set forth in Section 2.2 above and in
Section 2.3 of the

                                      A-6

Company Schedule, and except for the rights ("Rights") issued pursuant to the
Rights Agreement, dated as of June 23, 1997, between Company and ChaseMellon
Shareholder Services, L.L.C., as rights agent, as amended (the "Rights
Agreement"), there are no commitments or agreements of any character to which
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound
obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition, of any shares of
capital stock of Company or any of its subsidiaries or obligating Company or
any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of or enter
into any such commitment or agreement.
Except as set forth in Section 2.3 of
the Company Schedule, there are no registration rights and, to the knowledge of
Company there are no voting trusts, proxies or other agreements or
understandings with respect to any equity security of any class of Company or
with respect to any equity security, partnership interest or similar ownership
interest of any class of any of its subsidiaries.

   2.4 Authority.

     (a) Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter
  into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
  
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
  transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
  corporate action on the part of Company, subject only to the adoption of
  this Agreement by Company's stockholders and the filing and recordation of
  the Certificate of Merger pursuant to Delaware Law.
A vote of the holders
  of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company Common
  Stock is required for Company's stockholders to approve and adopt this
  Agreement and approve the Merger.
This Agreement has been duly executed and
  delivered by Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
  delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes the valid and binding
  obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
  enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar laws and
  general principles of equity.
Except as set forth in Section 2.4 of the
  Company Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company
  do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Company will not, (i)
  conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of
  Company or the equivalent organizational documents of any of its
  subsidiaries, (ii) subject to compliance with the requirements set forth in
  Section 2.4(b) below, materially conflict with or violate any law, rule,
  regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Company or any of its
  subsidiaries or by which its or any of their respective properties is bound
  or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of, or constitute a default (or
  an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
  under, or impair Company's rights or alter the rights or obligations of any
  third party under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
  acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or
  encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Company or any of its
  subsidiaries pursuant to, any material note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
  contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument
  or obligation to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
  which Company or any of its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective
  properties are bound or affected, except to the extent such conflict,
  violation, breach, default, impairment or other effect would not, in the
  case of clause (ii) or (iii), reasonably be expected to have a Material
  Adverse Effect on Company.

     
(b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
  declaration or filing with any court, administrative agency or commission
  or other governmental authority or instrumentality ("Governmental Entity")
  is required by or with respect to Company in connection with the execution
  and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
  contemplated hereby, except for (i) the filing of a Form S-4 Registration
  Statement and any amendments thereto (the "S-4") with the Securities and
  Exchange Commission ("SEC") in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933,
  as amended (the "Securities Act"), (ii) the filing of the Certificate of
  Merger with the Secretary of State of Delaware, (iii) the filing of the
  Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.17) with the SEC in
  accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
  "Exchange Act") and such reports or other filings under the Exchange Act as
  may be required by this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
  (iv) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
  declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal and
  state securities laws and the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust

                                      A-7

  Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") and the laws of any
  foreign country, (v) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations and
  filings as may be required by Nasdaq, and (vi) such other consents,
  authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations which, if not obtained
  or made, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or a
  Material Adverse Effect on the ability of the parties to consummate the
  Merger.

     
2.5 SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements.

     (a) Company has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be
  filed with the SEC since January 1, 1998.
All such required forms, reports
  and documents (including those that Company may file subsequent to the date
  hereof) are referred to herein as the "Company SEC Reports."
Except as set
  forth in Section 2.5 of the Company Schedule, as of their respective dates,
  the Company SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with the
  requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be,
  and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such
  Company SEC Reports, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if
  amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then
  on the date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact
  or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
  in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
  under which they were made, not misleading.
None of Company's subsidiaries
  is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the SEC.

     (b)
Except as set forth in Section 2.5 of the Company Schedule, each of
  the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any related
  notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports, (i) complied as to
  form in all material respects with the then current published rules and
  regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was prepared in
  accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied
  on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be
  indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited interim
  financial statements, as may be permitted by the SEC on Form 10-Q under the
  Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly presented the consolidated financial
  position of Company and its subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof
  and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the
  periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
  were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments which were
  not, or are not expected to be, material in amount.
The balance sheet of
  Company as of December 31, 2000 and the Statement of Operations and the
  Statement of Cash Flow, each for the year ended December 31, 2000, copies
  of which are attached as Section 2.5 of the Company Schedule, are
  hereinafter referred to as the "Year 2000 Financials"; and the Year 2000
  Financials together with the consolidated financial statements contained in
  the Company SEC Reports are referred to hereinafter as the "Company
  Financials."
The Year 2000 Financials were prepared in accordance with GAAP
  applied on a consistent basis except that they do not yet include the
  footnotes that are necessary for completion and compliance with GAAP.
  
Except as disclosed in the Company Financials, neither Company nor any of
  its subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or
  otherwise) of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in
  the related notes to the consolidated financial statements prepared in
  accordance with GAAP except liabilities (i) provided for in the balance
  sheet dated December 31, 2000, (ii) incurred since December 31, 2000 in the
  ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, or (iii)
  liabilities or obligations under or related to this Agreement and the
  transactions contemplated hereby.

     (c) Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a complete and correct
  copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with
  the SEC but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or
  other instruments which previously had been filed by Company with the SEC
  pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

   
2.6 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as disclosed in Section 2.6
of the Company Schedule, since December 31, 2000, there has not been: (i) any
Material Adverse Effect on Company, (ii) any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) in respect of, any of the Company's capital stock, or any purchase,
redemption or other acquisition by Company of any of the Company's capital
stock or any other securities of Company or its subsidiaries or of

                                      A-8

any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares or other
securities except for repurchases from employees following their termination
pursuant to the terms of their pre-existing stock option or purchase
agreements, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any of
Company's capital stock, (iv) except for agreements contemplated under Section
5.8(a), any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase in
compensation or fringe benefits, except for increases of cash compensation and
fringe benefits in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practice, or any payment by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any bonus,
except for bonuses made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, or any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase
in severance or termination pay or any entry by Company or any of its
subsidiaries into any currently effective employment, severance, termination or
indemnification agreement or any agreement the benefits of which are contingent
or the terms of which are materially altered upon the occurrence of a
transaction contemplated hereby, (v) entry by Company or any of its
subsidiaries into any material licensing or other material agreement with
regard to the acquisition or disposition of any Intellectual Property (as
defined in Section 2.8 hereof) other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or any amendment or consent with respect to any
licensing agreement filed or required to be filed by Company with the SEC, and
other than licenses disclosed on Section 2.8 of the Company Schedule, (vi) any
material change by Company in its accounting methods, principles or practices,
except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP, or (vii) any material
revaluation by Company of any of its assets, including, without limitation,
writing down the value of capitalized inventory or writing off notes or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business.

   2.7 Taxes.

     
(a) Definition of Taxes.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Tax" or,
  collectively, "Taxes", means (i) any and all federal, state, local and
  foreign taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, duties,
  impositions and liabilities, including taxes based upon or measured by
  gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use and occupation, and value
  added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture,
  employment, excise and property taxes, together with all interest,
  penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts; (ii) any
  liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause
  (i) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined
  or unitary group for any period; and (iii) any liability for the payment of
  any amounts of the type described in clause (i) or (ii) as a result of any
  express or implied obligation to indemnify any other person or as a result
  of any obligations under any agreements or arrangements with any other
  person with respect to such amounts and including any liability for taxes
  of a predecessor entity.

     
(b) Tax Returns and Audits.

       
(i) Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely filed all
    federal, state, local and foreign returns, estimates, information
    statements and reports ("Returns") relating to Taxes required to be
    filed by Company and each of its subsidiaries with any Tax authority,
    except such Returns which are not material to Company, and such Returns
    are true and correct and have been completed in accordance with
    applicable law, except where a failure to be true and correct or to
    have been so completed would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
    Company.
Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely paid all
    Taxes shown to be due on such Returns.

       (ii) Company and each of its subsidiaries have withheld with respect
    to their past and present employees, officers, directors and
    independent contractors, stockholders, creditors and all other third
    parties, all Taxes and other deductions required to be withheld and
    have, within the time and in the manner required by law, paid such
    withheld amounts to the property governmental authorities, except where
    the failure to pay such Taxes would not have a Material Adverse Effect
    on Company.

       (iii) Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the Company Schedule,
    neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been delinquent in the
    payment of any material Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency
    outstanding, proposed or assessed against Company or any of its
    subsidiaries, nor has Company or any of its subsidiaries executed any
    unexpired waiver of any statute of limitations on or extending the
    period for the assessment or collection of any Tax.

                                      
A-9

       (iv)
Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the Company Schedule, no
    audit or other examination of any Return of Company or any of its
    subsidiaries by any Tax authority is presently in progress, nor has
    Company or any of its subsidiaries been notified of any request for
    such an audit or other examination which could have a Material Adverse
    Effect on Company.

       
(v)
Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the Company Schedule, no
    adjustment relating to any Returns filed by Company or any of its
    subsidiaries (and no claim by a Tax authority in a jurisdiction in
    which Company does not file Returns that Company may be subject to
    taxation by such jurisdiction) has been proposed in writing formally or
    informally by any Tax authority to Company or any of its subsidiaries
    or any representative thereof which could have a Material Adverse
    Effect on Company.

       
(vi) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability
    for any material unpaid Taxes which has not been accrued for or
    reserved on the balance sheet of the Company dated December 31, 2000 in
    accordance with GAAP, whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or
    otherwise, other than any liability for unpaid Taxes that may have
    accrued since September 30, 2000 in connection with the operation of
    the business of Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course.

       
(vii)
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries (i) has ever been
    a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income
    Tax Return (other than a consolidated group the common parent of which
    is Company or a subsidiary), (ii) is a party to any Tax sharing or Tax
    allocation agreement, arrangement or understanding with a person other
    than the Company and its subsidiaries, (iii) is liable for the Taxes of
    any other person other than the Company and its subsidiaries under
    Treasury Regulation 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local
    or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or
    otherwise, and (iv) is a party to any joint venture, partnership or
    other arrangement that could be treated as a partnership for income Tax
    purposes.

       
(viii) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has constituted
    either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a
    distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section
    355 of the Code (i) in the two years prior to the date of this
    Agreement or (ii) in a distribution which could otherwise constitute
    part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within the
    meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.

       
(ix) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken any
    action or knows of any fact that is reasonably likely to prevent the
    Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of
    Section 368(a) of the Code.

   
2.8 Company Intellectual Property.
For the purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms have the following definitions:

   "Intellectual Property" shall mean any or all of the following and all
rights in, arising out of, or associated therewith: (i) all United States,
international and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-
in-part thereof; (ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not), invention
disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know how,
technology, technical data and customer lists; (iii) all copyrights, copyrights
registrations and applications therefor, and all other rights corresponding
thereto throughout the world; (iv) all industrial designs and any registrations
and applications therefor throughout the world; (v) all trade names, logos,
common law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark
registrations and applications therefor throughout the world; (vi) all
databases and data collections and all rights therein throughout the world; and
(vii) all domain names.

   
"Company Intellectual Property" shall mean any material Intellectual
Property that is owned by Company or any of its subsidiaries.

     
(a)
To the knowledge of the Company, except as may be set forth on
  Schedule 2.8 of the Company Schedule, no Company Intellectual Property or
  product or service of Company or any of its subsidiaries is

                                      A-10

  subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree, order, judgment, contract,
  license, agreement, or stipulation restricting in any manner the use,
  transfer, or licensing thereof by Company or any of its subsidiaries, other
  than in the ordinary course of business, or which may affect the validity,
  use or enforceability of such Company Intellectual Property.

     
(b)