URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1135971/000092838501000837/0000928385-01-000837.txt

Background of the Transaction

   Over the past several years, Pepco has carefully monitored market and
regulatory developments in the electric utility industry that have
substantially increased competition in all sectors of the industry and analyzed
how best to position itself in this changing environment.
In 1999, Pepco
announced a strategy of being an electricity delivery company with growing
energy and telecommunications retail businesses.
Pepco determined that it was
not big enough to achieve the economies of scale that would be needed in the
long term to compete effectively in the rapidly consolidating nationwide
generation business.
As a result, Pepco decided to sell the bulk of the
generation facilities it then owned in an auction process, which was completed
in late 2000 and early 2001.
The strategy announced by Pepco involves the
continued operation and expansion of an electric distribution system in the
mid-Atlantic region as well as the development of energy and telecommunications
retail operations, in each case through both internal growth and acquisitions.

   
Since the commencement of operations of Conectiv in 1998, the Conectiv Board
has carefully followed the developments in the electric and natural gas
industries.
The Conectiv Board, with the assistance of management, has
regularly reviewed the on-going restructuring of the energy industry and has
evaluated Conectiv's strategy in this context.
After much consideration and
review, and taking into account the legislative developments in Delaware,
Maryland and New Jersey, the Conectiv Board adopted a strategy of disposing of
Conectiv's interests in nuclear generating plants and baseload fossil fuel-
fired generating plants and developing new mid-merit generation plants in the
PJM Interconnection region.

   
Between January and July 2000, in the course of several meetings, the
Conectiv Board, together with Conectiv's management and financial advisor,
Credit Suisse First Boston, continued to evaluate the potential impact of the
mid-merit strategy, including its significant capital requirements, on Conectiv
and possible alternatives to implementing this strategy.
As the Conectiv Board
weighed the potential risks and benefits of the mid-merit strategy, the
Conectiv Board determined that it should begin to consider the risks and
benefits of potential strategic alternatives, including a possible business
combination involving Conectiv.
In this regard, Credit Suisse First Boston
outlined for the Conectiv Board the process for soliciting proposals from
potentially interested parties if the Conectiv Board decided to explore a
possible business combination, and management and Credit Suisse First Boston
discussed with the Conectiv Board potential strategic and financial parties who
might have an interest in such a transaction.
During these months, the Conectiv
Board did not take any formal action relating to any potential strategic
alternatives and determined that remaining independent and continuing

to pursue the mid-merit strategy and existing long-term plans remained an
alternative that was available depending on the results of further evaluation.

   
During the spring of 2000, an ad hoc committee consisting of independent
outside directors met several times to review in greater detail the possible
acceleration of the mid-merit strategy.
In June 2000, based on the
recommendation of this ad hoc committee, the Conectiv Board instructed
management to preserve the option of accelerating the implementation of the
mid-merit strategy.
At that time, the Conectiv Board also appointed another ad
hoc committee of three independent outside directors to evaluate other
strategic alternatives and authorized the retention by the ad hoc committee of
outside advisors to assist in this evaluation.
This second committee selected
Credit Suisse First Boston as financial advisor and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
as special legal counsel on behalf of the Conectiv Board in connection with the
evaluation of potential strategic alternatives.

   
In August 2000, following several meetings with Credit Suisse First Boston
and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, the second ad hoc committee authorized Credit
Suisse First Boston, with the consent of the Conectiv Board, to make
preliminary contact with likely possible transaction candidates.
In August,
Credit Suisse First Boston contacted 10 potential domestic bidders, including
Pepco, and 5 potential foreign bidders.
Thereafter, several additional parties
were contacted.

   
When contacted in August 2000 in connection with the process established by
Conectiv, Pepco's management determined that a business combination with
Conectiv was consistent with Pepco's announced regionally-based strategy and,
in October 2000, entered into a confidentiality agreement with Conectiv in
order to participate in the process.
At that time, Pepco engaged LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. to act as its legal counsel and Merrill Lynch to act as
its financial advisor in the process.

   
On September 8, 2000, the Conectiv Board convened to review, among other
matters, a report of the ad hoc committee relating to its evaluation of
potential strategic alternatives.
Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed for the Conectiv Board the recent performance of utility stocks and
recent mergers and acquisitions activity in the utility industry and reported
that 10 parties had expressed interest in participating in a business
combination with Conectiv.
Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed a potential
timeline for the process of soliciting transaction bids.
Representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then reviewed for the Conectiv Board its fiduciary
duties in the context of commencing a process which could lead to a merger or
acquisition transaction.
After discussion, the Conectiv Board approved the
recommendation of the ad hoc committee to commence a process for soliciting
transaction proposals.

   
Beginning in October 2000, with the assistance of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
and Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP, Conectiv's legal counsel, Conectiv
negotiated and entered into confidentiality and standstill agreements with 13
parties, including Pepco, for the purpose of facilitating the delivery of
confidential information regarding Conectiv to the parties who expressed an
interest in receiving such information.
Beginning on October 14, 2000, each
party that had entered into a confidentiality and standstill agreement received
a confidential information memorandum relating to Conectiv and a letter
inviting submission of preliminary indications of interest by November 13,
2000.

   
On October 26, 2000, the Pepco Board met to review the potential
transaction.
John M. Derrick, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dennis
R. Wraase, at that time President and Chief Financial Officer and William T.
Torgerson, at that time Senior Vice President, External Affairs and General
Counsel, together with representatives from Merrill Lynch and LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. reported to the Pepco Board on the process established
by Conectiv and the status of due diligence review of Conectiv's operations.

The Pepco Board discussed the terms of a potential indication of interest to be
submitted by Pepco to Conectiv and authorized management to proceed with the
indication of interest, with the understanding that any final offer would be
subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence, negotiation of a
definitive merger agreement and approval by the Pepco Board.

   
On November 13, 2000, Conectiv received preliminary indications of interest
from six parties for the acquisition of Conectiv.
Among the parties expressing
an interest was Pepco.

   
On November 17, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Conectiv
Board, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston discussed with the
Conectiv Board the preliminary indications of interest received.
The Conectiv
Board decided to continue discussions with five of the initial bidders whose
preliminary proposals offered the highest consideration for the Conectiv
stockholders.
The Conectiv Board authorized the process to continue but noted
that it was preserving the option to remain independent, including the option
to continue to implement the mid-merit business plan on an accelerated basis.

   
On November 27, 2000, additional confidential materials were distributed to
the five bidders who were invited to continue participating in the process.

Thereafter, in December 2000 and January 2001, Conectiv's management made
presentations to such parties concerning Conectiv and its business operations
and responded to detailed due diligence inquiries.

   
On December 5, 2000, the Conectiv Board, at its regularly scheduled meeting,
continued its strategic review process and discussed with management and
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston the bidders remaining in the
process.
Since many of the remaining bidders, including Pepco, had indicated a
desire to pay for the transaction at least partly in stock, Credit Suisse First
Boston also gave an overview of potential "collar" structures and related
issues.
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett informed the directors of the material terms
of the draft merger agreement which would be distributed to bidders.
Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett explained to the Conectiv Board that the draft merger
agreement would provide for a part cash and part stock consideration and a
fixed value formula without a collar for determining the amount of stock
consideration.
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett also explained that the draft merger
agreement would provide that the merger consideration payable to the holders of
the Conectiv Class A common stock would be determined in accordance with
Conectiv's certificate of incorporation.

   
On separate occasions between December 2000 and the time the merger
agreement was executed, the Audit Committee of the Conectiv Board met to
consult with Conectiv's legal and financial advisors and to discuss the
Conectiv Board's fiduciary duties, the provisions of Conectiv's certificate of
incorporation and the anticipated terms of the merger agreement, the financial
implications of a business combination and other matters, in each case as they
related to the Conectiv Class A common stock.

   
On January 12, 2001, the remaining transaction candidates were sent a letter
outlining the procedures for submitting a final bid for Conectiv, accompanied
by a draft merger agreement prepared by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett.

   
On January 23, 2001, a meeting of the Conectiv Board was convened to update
the Conectiv Board on the process for soliciting transaction proposals.

Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston informed the Conectiv Board that
two of the five parties invited to continue in the process had elected to
withdraw from the process.
Credit Suisse First Boston then provided the
Conectiv Board with additional information relating to the three parties,
including Pepco, remaining in the process.
Credit Suisse First Boston reported
that one of the three remaining bidders had indicated that it was not prepared
to bid for the entire company alone and accordingly was exploring an on-sale
disposition of Conectiv's generation assets to another party in order to make a
bid.
Representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then provided a review of
the material legal issues that might arise in negotiations with any of the
three remaining bidders, including potential proposals containing collars.

Howard Cosgrove, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Conectiv,
and other members of management provided the Conectiv Board with a regulatory
assessment of a potential transaction with each of the remaining parties.

Potter, Anderson & Corroon and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett further informed the
Conectiv Board of its fiduciary duties in the context of this process and
discussed with the Conectiv Board the provisions of the certificate of
incorporation regarding the treatment of Conectiv Class A common stock.

   
On January 24, 2001, Conectiv received an unsolicited letter from a party
expressing interest in acquiring Conectiv.
On January 26, 2001, Conectiv's
legal and financial advisors met with this party and its financial and legal
advisors to explore whether a transaction was feasible and the potential timing
of any such transaction.
The preliminary price level expressed by this party
was in the high range of the remaining three parties' indications of interest.

This party, however, had not performed due diligence and informed Conectiv's
advisors that it had not yet obtained commitments for the equity or debt
financing required to complete a transaction.
This party further advised that
it would require at least another month to complete due diligence and be in a
position to make a definitive proposal and begin to negotiate a definitive
agreement.

   
At the Pepco Board's regularly scheduled meeting on January 25, 2001,
following conclusion of the Pepco Board's regularly scheduled business,
representatives of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. discussed the duties
of the Pepco Board in considering the submission of a bid to Conectiv as well
as the terms of the proposed merger agreement to be included as part of the bid
package.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch discussed the proposed bid to be
submitted to Conectiv.
In addition, Messrs. Derrick and Wraase (who in the
interim had been promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer), discussed
the financial and strategic benefits and risks of the proposed transaction in
the context of Pepco's business plans and the results of Pepco's due diligence
review.
After considering these discussions as well as the recommendation of
Pepco's management, the Pepco Board authorized management to submit a bid and,
if successful, to enter into a transaction with Conectiv substantially in the
form provided in the bid.
The Pepco Board authorized management to negotiate
final terms for a transaction with Conectiv, but required further consultation
with the Pepco Board regarding any material changes from the bid proposal.
The
Pepco Board also discussed the rationale behind a potential common stock
dividend reduction and share repurchase program which was then under
consideration and its relationship to the proposed acquisition of Conectiv
should the bid be successful.

   
On January 29, 2001, the deadline for all proposals under Conectiv's
process, Pepco submitted a final bid to acquire Conectiv at a price of $24.00
per share of Conectiv common stock.
Under Pepco's proposal, half of the
consideration would consist of cash and the other half would consist of stock,
with the stock consideration subject to a collar.
The Pepco bid also stated
that Pepco would, simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement,
announce a reduction of its dividend and a share repurchase program.

   
Conectiv did not receive final proposals from the two other remaining
participants in the process.
One such participant indicated that its efforts to
collaborate on a bid with a third party purchaser of generation assets were not
successful and thus it would be prepared, with additional due diligence, to
make an offer to purchase only Conectiv's transmission and distribution assets.

The proposed third party purchaser of the generation assets also submitted a
separate letter expressing interest in acquiring the generation assets with an
indicated pricing level that was not considered attractive.
The other
participant in this process, a foreign utility company, indicated that it was
not yet prepared to make a final bid because aspects of the transaction were
continuing to be reviewed by its senior executives and that it could not
provide a definitive timeframe for submitting a proposal.

   
On January 31, 2001, a telephonic meeting of the Conectiv Board was
convened.
At this meeting, the Conectiv Board was briefed by Conectiv's
management and legal and financial advisors on the material aspects of Pepco's
bid, the status of the other two participants and the recent unsolicited
inquiry.
After this discussion, the Conectiv Board determined that, in light of
the unattractiveness of selling only a portion of Conectiv and the preliminary
and conditional nature of the unsolicited inquiry, the time and resources it
would take to explore a transaction with either of such parties would delay or
hinder Conectiv's ability to negotiate with Pepco and could jeopardize
negotiation of a transaction with Pepco.
The Conectiv Board authorized
management and its advisors to commence negotiations with Pepco, particularly
with respect to increasing the consideration for Conectiv's stockholders, and
also directed Credit Suisse First Boston to ascertain whether a definitive bid
would be forthcoming from the potential foreign bidder.
The Conectiv Board
requested that it be kept informed of these negotiations as well as
developments with respect to any other potential bidders.

   
On February 2, 2001, at the direction of the Conectiv Board, representatives
of Credit Suisse First Boston contacted representatives of Merrill Lynch, to
convey that a price of $24.00 per share of Conectiv common

stock was not sufficient and to identify other aspects of Pepco's proposal that
raised material issues for Conectiv.
Later that day, Merrill Lynch indicated
that Pepco was prepared to pay $24.50 per share of Conectiv common stock in
cash and stock.
Over the next few days, representatives of Credit Suisse First
Boston and Merrill Lynch continued to hold discussions on price, the proposed
collar and other material business and financial terms of the proposed
transaction.

   
Prior to the end of that week, in accordance with the instructions of the
Conectiv Board, Credit Suisse First Boston attempted to ascertain from the
potential foreign bidder and its financial advisors whether it would eventually
submit a definitive bid, but was unable to obtain any assurances as to the
timing or likelihood of any such bid being made.

   
On February 5, 2001, Mr. Cosgrove contacted Mr. Derrick, and stated that
Conectiv was not prepared to negotiate and execute a merger agreement with
Pepco at a price below $25.00 per share of Conectiv common stock.
Mr. Cosgrove
and Mr. Derrick also discussed, among other matters, the status of
negotiations, regulatory risks and the number of directors from the Conectiv
Board that should serve on HoldCo's Board to increase representation by
directors resident in or otherwise familiar with the service territories of
Conectiv's utility subsidiaries.
Later that evening, Mr. Derrick called Mr.
Cosgrove to convey that Pepco would agree to the $25.00 per share price
requested by Conectiv subject to satisfactory resolution of the other remaining
open issues.

   
On February 6, 2001, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett sent to LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. a revised draft of the merger agreement reflecting the
prior conversations between the chief executive officers and financial advisors
as well as revisions reflecting Conectiv's response to certain aspects of
Pepco's proposal.
Between the evenings of February 6 and February 9, 2001,
representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, Potter Anderson & Corroon and
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P., along with Conectiv's and Pepco's
management and financial advisors, met at the offices of Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett to negotiate the merger agreement.
During the same period, Conectiv's
management and financial advisors received additional information with respect
to Pepco's dividend reduction and share repurchase program and completed their
due diligence of Pepco.

   
On February 8, 2001, the Conectiv Board met to consider and review the terms
of the proposed transaction with Pepco.
Representatives of Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett and Potter Anderson & Corroon reviewed for the Conectiv Board its
fiduciary and other legal duties, including duties with respect to the Conectiv
Class A common stock.
Mr. Cosgrove reviewed the status of discussions with
Pepco and made a presentation with respect to management's recommendation that
the Conectiv Board approve the proposed transaction with Pepco if the remaining
issues could be resolved in a manner satisfactory to Conectiv.
Management then
provided a regulatory assessment of the proposed transaction.
Credit Suisse
First Boston then reviewed with the Conectiv Board its financial analysis of
the merger consideration payable in the transaction.
Management and Credit
Suisse First Boston also reported on the due diligence that had been conducted
on Pepco.
Credit Suisse First Boston also reported that there were no further
developments with respect to other potential bidders.
Representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then reviewed in detail for the Conectiv Board the
terms of the proposed merger agreement and the other legal aspects of the Pepco
transaction.

   
At this meeting, the Conectiv Board discussed, among other matters, the
risks and benefits of the Pepco proposal, taking into account the matters
described above.
The Conectiv Board also considered the alternative of
remaining independent and implementing the mid-merit strategy in that context,
along with the execution risks relating to such strategy in light of the
significant investments required by Conectiv going forward in the deregulated
energy markets.
After additional discussion and deliberation, the Conectiv
Board authorized management and the advisors to complete the negotiation of the
merger agreement.

   
On February 9, 2001, the parties reached agreement on all of the remaining
terms of the merger agreement.

   
On February 9, 2001, the Pepco Board held a special meeting by telephone at
which the board was provided updates by management, LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene &
MacRae, L.L.P. and Merrill Lynch on the final terms of the proposed
transaction with Conectiv.
Management also discussed with the board the terms
of the proposed dividend cut and share repurchase program.
At that time,
Merrill Lynch delivered its oral opinion to the Pepco Board (which was
subsequently confirmed in writing) that, as of that date and based on the
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations reviewed with the Pepco
Board, the Pepco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of Pepco common stock, taking into account the Conectiv Merger, and
the consideration to be paid by Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger
was fair from a financial point of view to Pepco.
After considering and
discussing these matters as well as the recommendation of management, the
Pepco Board, by a unanimous vote, approved the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby and authorized the execution of the merger
agreement.
The Pepco Board also approved a dividend cut, effective with the
June 30 dividend to a rate of $1.00 annually and a share repurchase program
not to exceed $450 million in the aggregate.
On February 9, 2001, Pepco caused
HoldCo to be formed in the State of Delaware and the HoldCo Board approved the
merger agreement.

   
On the evening of February 9, 2001, a telephonic meeting of the Conectiv
Board was convened.
Mr. Cosgrove reported on the progress of the final
negotiations with Pepco and reaffirmed management's recommendation of the
proposed transaction on the terms that had been negotiated.
At this meeting,
Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Conectiv Board an oral opinion,
which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated February 9,
2001, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the
matters described in the opinion, the Conectiv common stock consideration was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Conectiv common stock
and the Conectiv Class A common stock consideration was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Conectiv Class A common stock.
The Audit
Committee reported to the Conectiv Board that, at a telephonic meeting
convened earlier that evening, it had determined that the consideration for
the Conectiv Class A common stock under the merger agreement was determined in
accordance with Conectiv's certificate of incorporation and decided to
recommend the transaction to the Conectiv Board.
After additional discussion
and deliberation, the Conectiv Board approved the merger and the merger
agreement and decided to recommend to Conectiv stockholders that they adopt
the merger agreement.
One of the nine directors, citing concerns over the
number of Conectiv directors to be appointed to the HoldCo Board, voted
against approval of the transaction.

   
Later that evening, the merger agreement was executed by Pepco, Conectiv
and HoldCo.


Pepco Reasons for the Transaction

   The Pepco Board believes that the transaction will result in the following
significant benefits to Pepco:

   
Strategically Attractive Opportunity Consistent with Pepco's Stated
Strategy.
Conectiv's substantial transmission and distribution services,
including those located in the growing New Jersey market, provide an
attractive opportunity for Pepco to further its stated strategy of increasing
its transmission and distribution business in the Mid-Atlantic region.

   
Stronger Competitive Regional Position.
The combined company will serve
more than approximately 1.8 million electricity customers in Delaware, the
District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey and Virginia and will be the
largest electricity delivery company in the PJM Interconnection.
The combined
company's greater transmission and distribution capabilities should provide
the combined company with the size and scope to compete more effectively,
including in the related retail services market.

 
Increased Financial Strength

  .   
The financial strength of the combined company's balance sheet, which
      is expected to have a solid investment grade, should provide an
      opportunity to increase earnings while supporting the growth objectives
      established for both regulated and nonregulated businesses.

  .   
Since the base over which the cost of various initiatives will be
      spread will be increased with the combined company, future initiatives,
      such as new technology improvements, undertaken by the combined company
      should be achieved more cost efficiently than if the same initiatives
      were implemented by each of the companies separately, and should result
      in a higher level of service, reliability and responsiveness to utility
      customers.
In addition, these cost efficiencies should enable the
      combined company to keep customer rates in the regulated businesses
      lower than they would otherwise be.


Recommendation of the Pepco Board

   At a special meeting held on February 9, 2001, the Pepco Board unanimously
approved and adopted the merger agreement after determining that the
transaction was fair to and in the best interests of Pepco and its
stockholders.

   
During the course of their deliberations relating to the merger agreement,
the Pepco Board consulted with their management and legal and financial
advisors and considered the following factors in addition to the expected
benefits described above:

  .   
Terms and Conditions of the Merger Agreement.
The terms and conditions
      of the merger agreement, the terms of the termination provisions and
      the amount and circumstances in which a termination fee and expenses
      could become payable by Pepco and Conectiv and the course of
      negotiations resulting in the execution of the merger agreement.

  .   
Operating and Financial Condition.
The business, operations, financial
      condition, operating results and prospects of Pepco and Conectiv.

  .   
Fit and Compatibility.
The strategic fit, compatible corporate cultures
      and visions of the future of the energy business of Pepco and Conectiv,
      including the regionally based operations of Pepco and Conectiv and
      each company's emphasis on the energy delivery business.

  .   
Industry Restructuring.
The possible effects of the changing regulatory
      environment in the utility industry and the trend by energy and utility
      companies towards consolidations that create larger and stronger
      companies better able to face increased competition in the industry.

  .   
Fairness Opinion.
The analysis of Merrill Lynch presented to the Pepco
      Board on January 25, 2001 and the written opinion dated as of February
      9, 2001 from Merrill Lynch to the Pepco Board to the effect that, as of
      that date and based upon the assumptions made, matters considered and
      limitations reviewed with the Pepco Board, the Pepco exchange ratio was
      fair from a financial point of view to the holders of Pepco common
      stock, taking into account the Conectiv Merger, and the consideration
      to be paid by Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger was fair
      from a financial point of view to Pepco.

  .   
Timing and Achievability; Regulatory Issues.
The anticipated timing
      required to complete the transaction including, in particular, the
      expected timing to obtain required regulatory approvals and
      management's view as to the likelihood of obtaining the required
      approvals without the imposition of conditions that would materially
      adversely affect Pepco or Conectiv; and the impact on Pepco and
      Conectiv of operating as subsidiaries of a holding company registered
      as such under the 1935 Act, including financial, operational, and
      structural implications of that registration.

  .   
Transactional Factors.
The costs of undertaking and completing the
      transaction, including the expense, devotion of management's time to
      the exploration of the transaction, to the preparation of the merger
      agreement and to the tasks required to complete the transaction; the
      risks of fluctuation to Pepco's stock price prior to consummation of
      the transaction; the potential effects of the public announcement of
      the transaction on Pepco's stock price and the results of the due
      diligence review of Conectiv's operations.

  .   
Interests of Certain Persons.
The potential interests of certain
      persons in the transaction that are or may be different from, or in
      addition to, the interests of Pepco's stockholders, as described in
      "The Transaction--Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction"
      beginning on page 63.

   
The discussion above of the material factors considered by the Pepco Board
in its consideration of the merger agreement is not intended to be all-
inclusive.
In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information
considered, the Pepco Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, make
specific assessments of, quantify, or otherwise assign relative weights to the
specific factors considered in reaching its determination.
The determination to
approve the merger agreement was made after consideration of all the factors
taken as a whole, though individual members of the Pepco Board may have given
different weights to different factors.

   
The Pepco Board unanimously recommends that its stockholders vote "FOR"
approval of the merger agreement and related transactions.


Opinion of the Financial Advisor to Pepco

   On February 9, 2001, at a special meeting of the Pepco Board, Merrill Lynch
delivered its oral opinion that, as of that date and based on the assumptions
made, matters considered and limitations reviewed with the Pepco Board, the
Pepco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Pepco common stock, taking into account the Conectiv Merger, and the
consideration to be paid by Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger was
fair from a financial point of view to Pepco.
Merrill Lynch subsequently
confirmed its oral opinion by delivery of its written opinion dated February 9,
2001.

   
The full text of the Merrill Lynch opinion, which states the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and
limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Merrill
Lynch in rendering its opinion, is included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex D. The Merrill Lynch opinion is for the use and
benefit of the Pepco Board and addresses only the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Pepco common stock of the Pepco exchange
ratio, taking into account the Conectiv Merger, and to Pepco of the
consideration to be paid by Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger.
The
Merrill Lynch opinion does not address the merits of the underlying decision by
Pepco to engage in the transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to
any holder of Pepco common stock or Pepco preferred stock as to how such
stockholder should vote on the proposed transaction.
The Merrill Lynch opinion
does not express any opinion as to the price at which the shares of common
stock of Pepco or HoldCo will trade following the announcement or consummation
of the transaction.
The description of Merrill Lynch opinion is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merrill Lynch opinion.

Holders of Pepco stock are urged to, and should, read the Merrill Lynch opinion
carefully in its entirety.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

  .   reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
      relating to Conectiv and Pepco that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
      relevant;

  .   reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating
      to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects
      of Conectiv and Pepco, furnished to Merrill Lynch by Conectiv and
      Pepco, respectively;

  .   
conducted discussions with members of senior management and
      representatives of Conectiv and Pepco concerning the matters described
      in the two bullet points above, as well as their respective businesses
      and prospects before and after giving effect to the transaction;

  .   
reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for shares of
      Conectiv common stock and Pepco common stock and compared them with
      those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to
      be relevant;

  .   
reviewed the results of operations of Conectiv and Pepco and compared
      them with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch
      deemed to be relevant;

  .   
compared the proposed financial terms of the transaction with the
      financial terms of certain other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed
      to be relevant;

  .   
participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
      representatives of Conectiv and Pepco and their financial and legal
      advisors;

  .   
reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the transaction;

  .   
reviewed a draft dated February 8, 2001 of the merger agreement; and

  .   reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
      account such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including
      Merrill Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary
      conditions.

   
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to it,
discussed with or reviewed by or for it, or publicly available, and Merrill
Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently verifying such
information or undertake an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities of Conectiv or Pepco.
In addition, Merrill Lynch did not
assume any obligation to conduct any physical inspection of the properties or
facilities of Conectiv or Pepco.
With respect to the financial forecast
information furnished to or discussed with Merrill Lynch by Conectiv or Pepco,
Merrill Lynch assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the
best currently available estimates and judgment of Conectiv's or Pepco's
management as to the expected future financial performance of Conectiv or
Pepco, as the case may be.
Merrill Lynch further assumed
that the transaction will be accounted for as a purchase under generally
accepted accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free
reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Merrill Lynch also assumed
that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to
the last draft reviewed by it.

   
The Merrill Lynch opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on, and on the information
made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of its opinion.
Merrill Lynch
assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or other
consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the transaction, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the transaction.

   
Set below is a summary of the analyses performed by Merrill Lynch in
connection with the preparation of its opinion and reviewed with the Pepco
Board.
These descriptions include information presented in tabular format.
In
order to fully understand the financial analyses performed by Merrill Lynch,
the tables must be read together with the text of each description.
The tables
alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

Considering the data in the tables without considering the full narrative
description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the financial analyses performed by Merrill Lynch.

 
Conectiv

   Historical Stock Trading Analysis.
Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical
trading prices of Conectiv common stock during the fifty-two week period
preceding January 22, 2001.
The price of Conectiv common stock ranged from a
low of $13.44 on March 6, 2000 to a high of $20.75 on December 4, 2000.

   
Public Comparable Companies Analysis.
Merrill Lynch compared financial data
relating to Conectiv to seven publicly traded transmission and distribution
companies and to six publicly traded regional utility companies:

            Transmission and
         Distribution Companies             Regional Utility Companies
         ----------------------             --------------------------

        Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Allegheny Energy, Inc.
        Energy East Corporation    Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
        GPU, Inc.                  GPU, Inc.
        NSTAR                      Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
        Pepco                      Pepco
        Puget Sound Energy, Inc.   PP&L Corporation
        Sierra Pacific Resources

   These comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded
companies with operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered
reasonably similar to the operations of Conectiv.
For each of these comparable
companies and Conectiv, Merrill Lynch calculated market value, firm value
(which Merrill Lynch defined, for purposes of this analysis, as market value
plus short and long-term debt plus preferred stock less cash and temporary
investments), price per share of common stock as a multiple of estimated 2001
earnings and firm value as a multiple of latest twelve months or "LTM", EBITDA,
and earnings before interest and taxes (referred to as "EBIT").

   
For purposes of calculating the price per share of common stock as a
multiple of estimated 2001 earnings, Merrill Lynch used the closing price per
share of each of the comparable companies' common stock on January 22, 2001 and
each of the comparable companies' estimated 2001 earnings per share or "EPS" as
reported by I/B/E/S as of January 22, 2001.
The following tables set forth
information concerning the range of price per share of common stock as a
multiple of estimated earnings for 2001 and firm value as a multiple of EBITDA
and EBIT (excluding Sierra Pacific Resources with respect to Merrill Lynch's
calculations of firm value as a multiple of EBITDA and EBIT).

   
Transmission and Distribution Publicly Traded Comparable Companies

                                                           Price/   Firm Value/
                                                          ---------
-----------
                                                          2001E EPS EBITDA EBIT
                                                          ---------
------
----

   Maximum...............................................   11.6x    7.4x  10.6x
   Median................................................   10.7     6.6    9.8
   Mean..................................................   10.0     6.6    9.5
   Minimum...............................................    8.2     5.9    8.3

   Regional Publicly Traded Comparable Companies

                                                           Price/   Firm Value/
                                                          ---------
-----------
                                                          2001E EPS EBITDA EBIT
                                                          ---------
------
----

   Maximum...............................................   12.6x    9.5x  11.3x
   Median................................................   11.2     7.4   10.2
   Mean..................................................   11.1     7.5   10.0
   Minimum...............................................    9.1     5.9    8.3

   Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of the comparable
companies by applying the above multiples to Conectiv EBITDA and EPS for the
year ended December 31, 2000.
The following table presents the range of equity
values based on these analyses:

                                                                      Implied
                                                                      Equity
                                                                     Value per
                                                                       Share
                                                                   -------------
                                                                    Low    High
                                                                   ------
------

        LTM EBITDA................................................ $23.00 $31.25
        LTM EPS...................................................  17.00  20.50

   Comparable Acquisition Transactions.
Using publicly available information,
Merrill Lynch analyzed information relating to the following selected
transmission and distribution industry acquisitions and integrated electric
industry acquisitions.
The transactions used in the analysis were selected
because they involved the acquisition of companies that are engaged in
businesses that are reasonably similar to that of Conectiv and because such
companies have operating profiles and financial statistics that are similar to
those of Conectiv, or are valued in the public markets on a basis similar to
that of Conectiv.

   
Transmission and Distribution Industry Acquisitions

Announcement Date            Acquiror                        Target
- -----------------            --------                        ------

September 5, 2000   National Grid Group plc       Niagara Mohawk Holdings, Inc.
August 8, 2000      First Energy Corp.            GPU, Inc.
October 13, 1999    Consolidated Edison, Inc.     Northeast Utilities
February 1, 1999    New England Electric System   Eastern Utilities Associates
December 14, 1998   National Grid Group plc       New England Electric System
December 7, 1998    BEC Energy                    Commonwealth Energy System

   For the selected comparable transmission and distribution industry
acquisitions, Merrill Lynch calculated premium paid to market price on the date
prior to the announcement of the transaction, the ratio of offer value to LTM
EPS (as reported by I/B/E/S at the time of the announcement of each
transaction) and the ratio of transaction value to LTM EBITDA.
For purposes of
calculating the mean of the ratio of offer value to LTM EPS, the National Grid
acquisition of Niagara Mohawk transaction was excluded.
The following table
sets forth information concerning those analyses:

                                                 Offer Value/ Transaction Value/
                                    Premium Paid   LTM EPS        LTM EBITDA
                                    ------------
------------ ------------------

   Maximum.........................    47.4%         17.5x           8.5x
   Mean............................    30.3%         15.9            7.1
   Median..........................    27.6%         17.1            7.1
   Minimum.........................    16.6%         11.4            5.4

   
Integrated Electric Industry Acquisitions

Announcement
    Date                    Acquiror                              Target
- ------------                --------                              ------

July 17,
 2000         The AES Corporation                   IPALCO Enterprises
February
 28,
 2000         PowerGen plc                          LG&E Energy Corp.
August
 23,
 1999         Carolina Power & Light Company        Florida Progress Corporation
June 30,
 1999         Energy East Corporation               CTG Resources, Inc.
June 15,
 1999         Energy East Corporation               CMP Group Inc.
June 14,
 1999         Dynegy Inc.                           Illinova Corporation
March 5,
 1999         UtiliCorp United Inc.                 St. Joseph Light & Power Company
December
 7, 1998      Scottish Power plc                    PacifiCorp
August
 12,
 1998         CalEnergy Company, Inc.               MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company
December
 22,
 1997         American Electric Power Company, Inc.
Central and South West Corporation
May 21,
 1997         LG&E Energy Corp.                     KU Energy Corporation

   For the selected comparable integrated electric industry acquisitions,
Merrill Lynch calculated premium paid to the market price on the date prior to
the announcement of the transaction, the ratio of offer value to LTM EPS (as
reported by I/B/E/S at the time of the announcement of each transaction) and
the ratio of transaction value to LTM EBITDA.
The following table sets forth
information concerning those analyses:

                                                 Offer Value/ Transaction Value/
                                    Premium Paid     EPS            EBITDA
                                    ------------
------------ ------------------

   Maximum.........................    60.4%         22.1x           10.7x
   Mean............................    34.2%         18.2             8.3
   Median..........................    
35.2%         17.9             7.9
   Minimum.........................     0.0%         14.1             6.8

   Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of the selected
comparable acquisitions by applying the above multiples to EBITDA and EPS for
the year ended December 31, 2000 to the price of Conectiv common stock on the
announcement of the transaction and comparing the premiums paid to the price of
Conectiv common stock on the announcement of the transaction.
The following
table presents the range of equity values based on these analyses:

                                                                      Implied
                                                                      Equity
                                                                     Value per
                                                                       Share
                                                                   -------------
                                                                    Low    High
                                                                   ------
------

        LTM EBITDA................................................ $23.00 $31.25
        LTM EPS...................................................  25.50  29.50
        Premium Paid..............................................  24.50  26.50

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
Merrill Lynch also performed a discounted
cash flow analysis of Conectiv, both on a consolidated basis and for each of
its business segments.
A discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to
calculate a valuation range for a company by calculating the present value of
the expected cash flows that will be generated by the company, discounted at a
rate that reflects the uncertainty of such
estimated future cash flows.
Merrill Lynch utilized discount rates of 7.0% to
8.0%, 7.5% to 8.5% and 8.0% to 9.0% for different business segments of Conectiv
and on a consolidated basis and terminal multiples of fiscal year 2005 EBITDA
of 6.5x to 7.5x and 7.0x to 8.0x for different business segments of Conectiv
and on a consolidated basis.

   
Merrill Lynch calculated the following implied equity values per share of
Conectiv based on the discounted cash flow analysis:

                                                                     Implied
                                                                     Equity
                                                                    Value per
                                                                      Share
                                                                  -------------
                                                                   Low    High
                                                                  ------
------

        Sum of Business Segments................................. $20.50 $27.25
        Consolidated Basis.......................................  19.50  26.00

 Pepco

   Historical Stock Trading Analysis.
Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical
trading prices of Pepco common stock during the fifty-two week period preceding
January 22, 2001.
The price of Pepco common stock ranged from a low of $19.06
on March 9, 2000 to a high of $27.88 on June 29, 2000.

   
Public Comparable Companies Analysis.
Merrill Lynch compared certain
financial data relating to Conectiv to seven publicly traded transmission and
distribution companies and to six publicly traded regional utility companies:

            Transmission and
         Distribution Companies    Regional Utility Companies
         ----------------------    --------------------------

        Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Allegheny Energy, Inc.
        Energy East Corporation    Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
        GPU, Inc.                  GPU, Inc.
        NSTAR                      Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
        Conectiv                   Conectiv
        Puget Sound Energy, Inc.   PP&L Corporation
        Sierra Pacific Resources

   These comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded
companies with operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered
reasonably similar to the operations of Pepco.
Merrill Lynch calculated implied
equity values per share of the comparable companies by applying the above
multiples to EBITDA and EPS for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The following
table presents the range of equity values based on these analyses:

                                                                 Implied Equity
                                                                 Value per Share
                                                                 ----------------
                                                                   Low    High
                                                                 -------
--------

        LTM EBITDA.............................................. $ 26.50 $ 34.50
        LTM EPS.................................................   18.75   22.75

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
Merrill Lynch calculated the implied equity
value per share of Pepco to range from $21.50 to $28.75, based on its
discounted cash flow analysis of Pepco on a consolidated basis, utilizing
terminal multiples of fiscal year 2005 EBITDA of 7.0x to 8.0x and discount
rates of 8.0% to 9.0%.

 
Exchange Ratio Analysis

   Merrill Lynch calculated implied exchange ratios from various analyses
performed by it, including the high and low trading prices of Conectiv and
Pepco common stock, implied equity value per share of public comparable
companies based on Conectiv and Pepco EBITDA and EPS for the year ended
December 31, 2000,
and the discounted cash flow analysis of Conectiv on a consolidated basis.
The
following table presents the ranges of implied exchange ratios based upon these
analyses:

                                                                   Omplied
                                                                Exchange Ratio
                                                              ------------------

        52-Week High/Low..................................... 0.4821x to 1.0887x
        LTM EBITDA........................................... 0.6667x to 1.1792x
        LTM EPS..............................................
0.7473x to 1.0933x
        Consolidated DCF Analysis............................ 0.6783x to 1.2093x

   Merrill Lynch also calculated implied exchange ratios based on the
historical trading price of Conectiv common stock.
The following table presents
the ranges of implied exchange ratios based on that analysis:

   Ending 1/22/01                                            High   Low  Average
   --------------                                            -----
----- -------

   3 Years.................................................. 0.97x 0.60x  0.80x
   2 Years.................................................. 0.97x 0.60x  0.77x
   2 Year................................................... 0.90x
0.60x  0.74x
   5 Months................................................. 0.90x 0.60x  0.76x
   3 Months................................................. 0.90x 0.71x  0.83x

 General

   The summary set forth above of the analyses performed by Merrill Lynch in
connection with its opinion does not purport to be a complete description of
such analyses.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and
is not susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Merrill Lynch
believes that its analyses and the summary set forth above must be considered
as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all
analyses, or selecting part or all of the above summary, without considering
all factors and analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying Merrill Lynch's opinion.

 
Compensation Arrangements

   Merrill Lynch acted as financial advisor to the Pepco Board in connection
with the transaction.
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated September 20, 2000
between Pepco and Merrill Lynch, Merrill Lynch will receive a fee from Pepco
for its services, $100,000 of which was payable upon execution of the letter
agreement, $2,250,000 of which was payable upon execution of the merger
agreement, $2,250,000 of which is contingent upon the approval of the
transaction by the holders of Pepco common stock and $4,500,000 of which is
contingent upon the completion of the transaction.
Assuming completion of the
transaction, Merrill Lynch's total fee will be $9,100,000.
In addition, Pepco
has agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with rendering financial advisory services, including
the reasonable fees

and disbursements of its legal counsel.
Pepco has agreed to indemnify Merrill
Lynch and its directors, officers, agents, employees and controlling persons,
for all losses, claims, damages and liabilities related to or arising out of
its rendering of services under its engagement as financial advisor, including
liabilities incurred under the federal securities laws.

   
Merrill Lynch has, in the past, provided financial advisory and financing
services to Pepco and Conectiv and/or its affiliates and may continue to do so
and has received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of such services.
In
addition, in the ordinary course of its business, Merrill Lynch may actively
trade shares of Conectiv stock and other securities of Conectiv, as well as
shares of Pepco common stock and other securities of Pepco, for its own account
and for accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in such securities.


Conectiv Reasons for the Transaction

   The Conectiv Board believes that the transaction will join two companies
with complementary operations in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States.

With on-going utility deregulation and the increasing competitive pressures
faced by utility companies, the Conectiv Board believes that Conectiv must have
a larger customer base with increased economies of scale in order to succeed in
such a market and continue to be an efficient, low cost energy delivery company
and supplier of energy and related services.
The transaction is expected to
allow Conectiv to achieve these goals and to provide substantial financial and
strategic benefits to the stockholders of Conectiv.
The Conectiv Board believes
that these benefits include:

 Premium Over Market Price

  .   
The consideration of $25.00 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv common stock, which represents a premium of over 30%
      over the closing sale price of $19.14 on the NYSE on February 7, 2001
      (the trading day immediately prior to the date on which the Wall Street
      Journal reported details of the negotiations between Pepco and
      Conectiv) and a premium of over 41% over the closing sale price of
      $17.69 on the NYSE on August 7, 2000 (the date which is six months
      prior to February 7, 2001).

  .   
The consideration of $21.69 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv Class A common stock, which represents a premium of
      over 17% over the closing sale price of $18.41 on the NYSE on February
      7, 2001, and was determined in accordance with Conectiv's certificate
      of incorporation.

 
Improved Strategic Position

  .   
The combination of Conectiv and Pepco will create the largest
      electricity delivery company in the PJM Interconnection.

  .   
The combined company will have a broader customer base than Conectiv as
      an independent entity and should have the size and scope to be an
      effective participant in the increasingly competitive electric and
      natural gas utility markets.

  .   
Based on the 2000 results for Conectiv and Pepco, the total annual
      revenues and total annual delivered megawatts for the combined company
      will be more than $8.1 billion and 46,000 GWh, respectively.
In
      addition, the combined company will serve approximately 1.8 million
      electricity and gas customers in a 10,000-square-mile service area.

  .   
The combined company will have a secure energy supply with Conectiv's
      mid-merit generation capabilities and Pepco's favorable supply
      contracts.

 
Financial Strength

 .   
The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to HoldCo's
     earnings.

 .   
Pepco's dividend reduction will reduce the payout ratio to a similar
     level to that of Conectiv and other comparable companies, while
     permitting Conectiv stockholders to receive a higher dividend on a per
     share basis after the merger from HoldCo.

 .   
Pepco will be able to internally fund its $450 million share repurchase
     program and a large portion of the cash merger consideration without
     significantly increasing the debt of the combined company.

 .   
The combined company is expected to have a solid investment grade balance
     sheet, which will facilitate future growth through acquisitions or
     internal investment.


Recommendation of the Conectiv Board

   At a special meeting held on February 9, 2001, the Conectiv Board approved
the merger agreement and the transaction and determined that both are advisable
and in the best interests of Conectiv and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the
Conectiv Board recommends that its stockholders vote "FOR" the adoption of the
merger agreement and the transaction.

   
In approving the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement and in reaching its recommendation at the special meeting on
February 9, 2001, the Conectiv Board consulted with Conectiv's management and
legal and financial advisors.
The following are the material factors considered
by the Conectiv Board, some of which contain both positive and negative
elements:

  .   
the consideration of $25.00 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv common stock, which represents a premium of over 30%
      over the closing sale price on February 7, 2001 and over 41% over the
      closing sale price on August 7, 2000;

  .   
the consideration of $21.69 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv Class A common stock, which represents a premium of
      over 17% over the closing sale price on February 7, 2001, and the fact
      that such consideration was determined in accordance with Conectiv's
      certificate of incorporation and that the Audit Committee recommended
      the transaction;

  .   
the fact that Conectiv stockholders have the right to elect to receive
      either cash, combined company common stock or a combination of both,
      subject to proration, such that the aggregate consideration paid to all
      Conectiv stockholders will consist of 50% cash and 50% stock;

  .   
the fact that the value of the stock consideration is subject to
      adjustment in the event that the Average Final Price is greater than
      $24.50 or less than $19.50;

  .   
Conectiv's right to terminate the merger agreement if the Average Final
      Price is less than $16.50, unless Pepco elects to increase the value of
      the stock consideration to $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock
      and $18.35 per share of Conectiv Class A common stock (and thereby
      increase the average value of the total consideration to $23.08 per
      share of Conectiv common stock and $20.02 per share of Conectiv Class A
      common stock);

  .   
based on the number of shares currently outstanding on a fully diluted
      basis, Pepco stockholders will own approximately 67% of the common
      equity of the combined company and Conectiv stockholders will own
      approximately 33% of the common equity;

  .   
Pepco's dividend reduction to $1.00 per share from $1.66 per share in
      conjunction with its authorization of a $450 million share repurchase
      program;

  .   
the federal income tax consequences of the transaction to Conectiv
      stockholders;

  .   
information concerning the financial condition, results of operations,
      prospects and businesses of Conectiv and Pepco, including the revenues
      of the companies and the recent stock price performance of Conectiv
      shares and Pepco shares;

  .   
the effects of the changing regulatory environment and increased
      competition in the energy industry;

  .   
the trend in the utility industry toward consolidation and strategic
      partnerships that create larger, stronger companies to face an
      increasingly competitive environment;

  .   
other strategic options potentially available to Conectiv, including
      the prospects of positioning Conectiv for the future and enhancing
      long-term stockholder value by remaining an independent company or by
      effecting a strategic business combination with another party, and the
      impact of Conectiv's geographic location upon the availability of
      strategic partners;

  .   
the recent evaluation by the Conectiv Board of the risks and benefits
      of an accelerated mid-merit strategy, which the Conectiv Board
      determined not to pursue independently in light of its belief that the
      Pepco transaction maximized stockholder value and represented the best
      transaction reasonably available to stockholders;

  .   
the fact that an extensive process for reviewing strategic alternatives
      was conducted which involved contacting over 20 parties potentially
      interested in a business combination with Conectiv;

  .   
the financial and business prospects for the combined company;

  .   
the fact that Pepco stockholder approval is required to consummate the
      merger and the requisite vote for obtaining such approval;

  .   
the likelihood of obtaining regulatory approvals for the merger in the
      current regulatory environment, including the potential impact on such
      approval of the following:

   .that Conectiv will maintain its headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware,
    and will continue to have significant operations in New Jersey and the
    Delmarva peninsula and that the combined company will have its
    headquarters in Washington, D.C.;

   .that the transaction is not expected to result in significant workforce
    reductions and that union contracts will be honored;

   .that Conectiv will continue to provide charitable contributions and
    community support in Conectiv's service territory comparable to the
    current level; and

   .that at least two members of the board of the combined company will come
    from the current Conectiv Board;

  .   
the interests of certain persons in the transaction, including Mr.
      Cosgrove and other key members of Conectiv's management;

  .   
the terms of the merger agreement, including the "fiduciary-out" and
      termination provisions, would not prevent the Conectiv Board from
      accepting a superior acquisition proposal, subject to paying Pepco a
      $60 million termination fee;

  .   
the Conectiv Board's conclusion that the size of the termination fee,
      and the circumstances when such fee is payable, were reasonable in
      light of the benefits of the merger and the process that was conducted;

  .   
the fact that Pepco would be obligated to pay Conectiv a termination
      fee of $60 million under certain circumstances;

  .   
the other terms of the merger agreement, which provide for
      representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions that are
      substantially similar to those in similar transactions;

  .   
the opinion to the Conectiv Board of Credit Suisse First Boston, dated
      February 9, 2001, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
      and as of the date of the opinion, to the holders of Conectiv common
      stock of the Conectiv common stock consideration and to the holders of
      Conectiv Class A common stock of the Conectiv Class A common stock
      consideration, as described below under the caption "Opinion of the
      Financial Advisor to Conectiv"; and

  .   
the other advice from management and Conectiv's legal and financial
      advisors over an extended period, and the discussions of the Conectiv
      Board concerning the proposed merger agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereby.

   
The Conectiv Board has also considered:

  .   
the risk that the benefits sought in the transaction would not be
      obtained;

  .   
the risk that the transaction would not be consummated;

  .   
the risk that the value of Pepco shares will decline;

  .   
the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Conectiv's
      sales, customer and supplier relationships, operating results and
      ability to retain employees, and on the trading price of Conectiv
      common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock;

  .   
the substantial time and effort of management that will be required to
      consummate the transaction and integrate some of the operations of the
      two companies;

  .   
the impact of the transaction on Conectiv employees;

  .   
the possibility that provisions of the merger agreement might have the
      effect of discouraging other persons potentially interested in a
      business combination with Conectiv from pursuing such an opportunity;
      and

  .   
other matters described under "Risk Factors Relating to the
      Transaction" and "A Caution About Forward-Looking Statements.
"

   In the judgment of the Conectiv Board, the potential benefits of the
transaction outweigh the potential negative elements of the above-listed
considerations.

   
This discussion of the information and factors considered by the Conectiv
Board is not intended to be all-inclusive.
In view of the wide variety of
factors considered, the Conectiv Board did not quantify or otherwise attempt to
assign relative weights to the factors discussed above or determine that any
factor was of particular importance.
Rather the Conectiv Board viewed its
position and recommendations as being based on the totality of the information
presented to and considered by it.
In addition, the Conectiv Board did not
undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any particular
factor, or any aspect of any particular factor, supported or did not support
the Conectiv Board's ultimate determination to approve the transaction.

Moreover, individual members of the Conectiv Board may have given different
weight to different factors.


Opinion of the Financial Advisor to Conectiv

   Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Conectiv's financial advisor in
connection with the transaction.
Conectiv selected Credit Suisse First Boston
based on Credit Suisse First Boston's experience, expertise and reputation.

Credit Suisse First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.

   
In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, Conectiv
requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv
Class A common stock of the consideration payable to such holders in the
Conectiv Merger.
On February 9, 2001, at a meeting of the Conectiv Board held
to evaluate the transaction, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the
Conectiv Board an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated February 9, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and
based on and subject to the matters

described in its opinion, the Conectiv common stock consideration was fair,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of Conectiv common stock and the
Conectiv Class A common stock consideration was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Conectiv Class A common stock.

   
The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston's written opinion, dated
February 9, 2001, to the Conectiv Board, which sets forth, among other things,
the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations
on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex E and is incorporated into this
document by reference.
Holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A
common stock are urged to, and should, read this opinion carefully and in its
entirety.
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion is addressed to the Conectiv
Board and relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
Conectiv common stock consideration and the Conectiv Class A common stock
consideration, and does not address any other aspect of the proposed
transaction or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation
to any stockholder as to any matter relating to the transaction.
The summary of
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion in this document is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger
agreement, the restated certificate of incorporation, dated March 2, 1998, of
Conectiv, and publicly available business and financial information relating to
Conectiv and Pepco.
Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed other information
relating to Conectiv and Pepco, including financial forecasts, provided to or
discussed with Credit Suisse First Boston by Conectiv and Pepco, and met with
the management of Conectiv and Pepco to discuss the businesses and prospects of
Conectiv and Pepco.
Credit Suisse First Boston also considered financial and
stock market data of Conectiv and Pepco, and compared those data with similar
data for other publicly held companies in businesses similar to Conectiv and
Pepco and considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
other business combinations and transactions which have been effected or
announced.
Credit Suisse First Boston also considered other information,
financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and
market criteria that it deemed relevant.
In connection with its engagement,
Credit Suisse First Boston was requested to approach third parties to solicit
indications of interest in a possible acquisition of Conectiv and held
preliminary discussions with some of these parties prior to the date of the
merger agreement.

   
In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any
responsibility for independent verification of any of the information that it
reviewed or considered and relied on that information being complete and
accurate in all material respects.
With respect to the financial forecasts
relating to Conectiv and Pepco, Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and
assumed, that the forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the managements of Conectiv
and Pepco as to the future financial performance of Conectiv and Pepco and the
other matters covered by the forecasts.
Credit Suisse First Boston also
assumed, with Conectiv's consent, that the transaction would be treated as a
tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes.
In addition, Credit
Suisse First Boston assumed, with Conectiv's consent, that in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory and third party approvals and consents for
the proposed transaction, no modification, delay, limitation, restriction or
condition will be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on Conectiv
or Pepco or the contemplated benefits to Conectiv of the proposed transaction.

Credit Suisse First Boston also assumed, with Conectiv's consent, that the
transaction will be consummated in all material respects in accordance with the
terms of the merger agreement without waiver, modification or amendment.
Credit
Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did not make, an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise,
of Conectiv or Pepco, and Credit Suisse First Boston was not furnished with any
evaluations or appraisals.

   
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion was necessarily based on information
available to it, and financial, economic, market and other conditions as they
existed and could be evaluated, on the date of Credit Suisse First Boston's
opinion.
Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the
value of HoldCo common stock actually will be when issued in the transaction or
the prices at which HoldCo common stock would trade at any time after the
transaction.
Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and assumed, that the

Conectiv Class A common stock consideration was determined in accordance with
the terms of Conectiv's restated certificate of incorporation governing the
Conectiv Class A common stock.
In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston
expressed no opinion as to the allocation of the merger consideration between
the holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock.

Although Credit Suisse First Boston evaluated the Conectiv common stock
consideration and the Conectiv Class A common stock consideration from a
financial point of view, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and
did not, recommend the specific consideration payable in the Conectiv Merger,
which consideration was determined between Conectiv and Pepco.
Credit Suisse
First Boston's opinion did not address the relative merits of the transaction
as compared to other business strategies that might have been available to
Conectiv, and also did not address the underlying business decision of Conectiv
to proceed with the transaction.
Except as described above, Conectiv imposed no
other limitations on Credit Suisse First Boston with respect to the
investigations made or procedures followed in rendering its opinion.

   
In preparing its opinion to the Conectiv Board, Credit Suisse First Boston
performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those
described below.
The summary of Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses described
below is not a complete description of the analyses underlying Credit Suisse
First Boston's opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to
the particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its
opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.

Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors
or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.

   
In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of Conectiv and Pepco.
No company,
transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses as a
comparison is identical to Conectiv, Pepco or the proposed transaction, and an
evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.

Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, business segments
or transactions analyzed.
The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First
Boston's analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than those suggested by the analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the
value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Accordingly,
Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty.

   
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and financial analyses were only one of
many factors considered by the Conectiv Board in its evaluation of the proposed
transaction and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the
Conectiv Board or management with respect to the transaction or the merger
consideration.

   
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion dated February 9, 2001 delivered to the
Conectiv Board in connection with the transaction.
The financial analyses
summarized below include information presented in tabular format.
In order to
fully understand Credit Suisse First Boston's financial analyses, the tables
must be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.
Considering the
data in the tables below without considering the full narrative description of
the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying
the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of Credit Suisse
First Boston's financial analyses.

 
Introduction

   Credit Suisse First Boston performed a "Discounted Cash Flow Analysis,"
"Selected Companies Analysis" and "Selected Transactions Analysis" for each of
Conectiv and Pepco as described below.
Based on these valuation methodologies,
Credit Suisse First Boston derived the following aggregate implied per share
equity reference ranges for Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common
stock, as compared to the merger consideration based on the closing price of
Pepco common stock on February 9, 2001:

                                               
Aggregate    Merger Consideration
                                              Implied Per     Based on Closing
                                             Share Equity     Stock Prices on
                                            Reference Range   February 9, 2001
                                            ---------------
--------------------

      Conectiv common stock................ $19.94 - $26.85        $25.00
      Conectiv Class A common stock........
$13.06 - $20.03        $21.69

   Based on these valuation methodologies, Credit Suisse First Boston also
derived the following aggregate implied per share equity reference range for
Pepco common stock, as compared to the closing price of Pepco common stock on
February 9, 2001:

                                               
Aggregate
                                              Implied Per      Pepco Closing
                                             Share Equity      Stock Price on
                                            Reference Range   February 9, 2001
                                            ---------------
--------------------

      Pepco common stock...................
$18.96 - $24.38        $21.35

 Conectiv

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Conectiv could produce over 10 years.
Credit Suisse First Boston performed this
analysis based on two scenarios, management case I and management case II.

Management case I and management case II were based on internal estimates of
Conectiv's management.
Management case II included adjustments to management
case I to reflect, among other things, increased capital spending on generation
plants and lower capital spending on Conectiv's transmission system.

   
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated a range of estimated terminal values
for Conectiv by multiplying a range of selected EBITDA multiples to Conectiv's
estimated calendar year 2011 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA.
The estimated free cash flows and
terminal values were then discounted to present value using a range of selected
discount rates depending on the business analyzed.

   
This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for
Conectiv of approximately $1,785 million to $2,385 million, based on management
case I, and approximately $1,810 million to $2,585 million, based on management
case II.
Using these aggregate equity reference ranges, Credit Suisse First
Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for Conectiv
common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock under both management case I and
management case II.
Under management case I, this analysis indicated implied
per share equity reference ranges for Conectiv common stock of approximately
$20.34 to $27.24 and for Conectiv Class A common stock of approximately $16.02
to $17.76.
Under management case II, this analysis indicated implied per share
equity reference ranges for Conectiv common stock of approximately $20.54 to
$29.48 and for Conectiv Class A common stock of approximately $17.76 to $19.50.

   Selected Companies Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial
and stock market data of Conectiv to corresponding financial and stock market
data for the following six publicly traded companies in the utilities industry,
specializing in energy delivery or energy generation:

  .   
Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated

  .   
PPL Corporation

  .   
Consolidated Edison, Inc.

  .   
Constellation Energy Group, Inc.

  .   
Allegheny Energy, Inc.

  .   
Potomac Electric Power Company

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed enterprise values, calculated as equity
value, plus debt and preferred stock, less cash, as multiples of estimated
calendar year 2001 EBITDA and earnings before interest and taxes, commonly
known as EBIT.
Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed equity values as
multiples of estimated calendar year 2001 net income and book value.
Credit
Suisse First Boston then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the
selected companies of estimated calendar year 2001 EBITDA, EBIT, net income and
book value to corresponding financial data of Conectiv.
All multiples were
based on closing stock prices on February 7, 2001.
Estimated financial data for
Conectiv were based on internal estimates of Conectiv's management and
estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on publicly
available research analysts' estimates and public filings of the selected
companies.
This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range
for Conectiv of approximately $1,500 million to $2,000 million.
Using this
aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then derived
implied per share equity reference ranges for Conectiv common stock of
approximately $17.17 to $22.62 and for Conectiv Class A common stock of
approximately $13.06 to $20.03.

   
Selected Transactions Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
purchase prices and implied transaction multiples in the following 12 selected
merger and acquisition transactions in the utilities industry:

        Acquiror                                 Target
        --------                                 
------

        .  
National Grid plc                     Niagara Mohawk Holdings
        .  
FirstEnergy Corp.                     GPU, Inc.
        .  
The AES Corporation                   IPALCO Enterprises, Inc.
        .  
PowerGen plc                          LG&E Energy Corp.
        .  
Private investor group                MidAmerican Energy Company
        .  
Consolidated Edison, Inc.             Northeast Utilities
        .  
Carolina Power & Light Company        Florida Progress Corporation
        .  
Energy East Corporation               CMP Group, Inc.
        .  
Private investor group                TNP Enterprises, Inc.
        .  
New England Electric Resources, Inc.  Eastern Utilities Associates
        .  
The AES Corporation                   CILCORP Inc.
        .  
Consolidated Edison, Inc.             Orange & Rockland Utilities, Inc.

   Credit Suisse First Boston compared enterprise values in the selected
transactions as multiples of latest 12 months EBITDA and EBIT.
Credit Suisse
First Boston also compared equity values in the selected transactions as
multiples of latest 12 months net income and book value.
Credit Suisse First
Boston then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the selected
transactions of latest 12 months EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value to
corresponding financial data of Conectiv.
All multiples for the selected
transactions were based on publicly available information at the time of
announcement of the relevant transaction.
Financial data for Conectiv were
based on 2000 actual results provided by Conectiv's management.
This analysis
indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for Conectiv of
approximately $1,900

million to $2,400 million.
Using this aggregate equity reference range, Credit
Suisse First Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for
Conectiv common stock of approximately $22.08 to $27.45 and for Conectiv Class
A common stock of approximately $10.45 to $17.41.

 
Pepco

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Pepco could produce over five years, based on two scenarios, management case I
and management case II.
Management case I and management case II were based on
internal estimates of Pepco's management.
Management case II included
adjustments to management case I to reflect, among other things, the potential
for reductions in revenue growth in various segments of Pepco's businesses.

This analysis excluded Pepco's interest in Potomac Capital Investment
Corporation, which consists primarily of financial investments and equity
interests in telecommunications businesses, which Credit Suisse First Boston
evaluated on a book value multiple basis.

   
Credit Suisse First Boston calculated a range of estimated terminal values
for Pepco by multiplying a range of selected EBITDA multiples to Pepco's
estimated calendar year 2005 EBITDA.
The estimated free cash flows and terminal
values were then discounted to present value using a range of selected discount
rates depending on the business analyzed.

   
This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for
Pepco of approximately $2,480 million to $3,280 million, based on management
case I, and approximately $2,040 million to $2,740 million, based on management
case II.
Using these aggregate equity reference ranges, Credit Suisse First
Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for Potomac
common stock under both management case I and management case II.
Under
management case I, this analysis indicated an implied per share equity
reference range for Pepco common stock of approximately $22.38 to $29.66.
Under
management case II, this analysis indicated an implied per share equity
reference range for Pepco common stock of approximately $18.41 to $24.78.

   
Selected Companies Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial
and stock market data of Pepco to corresponding data for the following four
publicly traded companies in the utilities industry, specializing in energy
delivery:

  .  
Conectiv

  .  
Consolidated Edison, Inc.

  .  
NSTAR

  .  
DQE, Inc.

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed enterprise values as multiples of
estimated calendar year 2001 EBITDA and EBIT.
Credit Suisse First Boston also
reviewed equity values as multiples of estimated calendar year 2001 net income
and book value.
Credit Suisse First Boston then applied a range of selected
multiples derived from the selected companies of estimated calendar year 2001
EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value to corresponding financial data of
Pepco.
All multiples were based on closing stock prices on February 7, 2001.

Estimated financial data for Pepco were based on internal estimates of Pepco's
management and estimated financial data for the selected companies were based
on publicly available research analysts' estimates and public filings of the
selected companies.
This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity
reference range for Pepco of approximately $2,100 million to $2,500 million.

Using this aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then
derived a per share equity reference range for Pepco common stock of
approximately $18.96 to $22.57.

   
Selected Transactions Analysis.
Credit Suisse First Boston also performed a
selected transactions analysis for Pepco in which Credit Suisse First Boston
applied to Pepco's estimated calendar year 2001

EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value the range of selected multiples of
latest 12 months EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value derived from the
selected transactions in the utilities industry which it reviewed for Conectiv.

All multiples were based on financial information available at the time of the
relevant transaction.
Estimated financial data for Pepco were based on internal
estimates of Pepco's management.
This analysis indicated an aggregate implied
equity reference range for Pepco of approximately $2,400 million to $2,900
million.
Using this aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First
Boston then derived an implied per share equity reference range for Pepco
common stock of approximately $21.67 to $26.18.

   
Other Factors.
In the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed and considered other information and data, including:

  .  
the 52 week price performance of Conectiv common stock, Conectiv Class A
     common stock and Pepco common stock;

  .  
the potential pro forma financial impact of the transaction of Pepco's
     estimated calendar years 2002 and 2003 earnings per share; and

  .  
the premiums for Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock
     implied by the Conectiv common stock consideration and the Conectiv
     Class A common stock consideration over various periods prior to public
     announcement of the transaction.

   
Miscellaneous.
Conectiv has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston for its
financial advisory services in connection with the transaction an aggregate fee
of approximately $19.8 million, a significant portion of which is contingent
upon completion of the transaction.
Conectiv also has agreed to reimburse
Credit Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and
expenses of legal counsel and any other advisor retained by Credit Suisse First
Boston, and to indemnify Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising
out of its engagement.

   
Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates in the past have provided
financial services to Conectiv unrelated to the proposed transaction, for which
services Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have received
compensation.
In the ordinary course of business, Credit Suisse First Boston
and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of
Conectiv and Pepco for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions in those
securities.


Dissenters' Appraisal Rights

   General.
Pepco stockholders have dissenters' appraisal rights under the
corporate laws of the District of Columbia and Virginia and Conectiv
stockholders have dissenters' appraisal rights under the corporate law of
Delaware, as summarized below.
In view of the complexity of these provisions of
the District of Columbia, Virginia and Delaware corporate law, any Pepco or
Conectiv stockholder who is considering exercising dissenters' appraisal rights
may wish to consult a legal advisor.

   
Appraisal Rights of Dissenting Stockholders of Pepco.
Dissenters' appraisal
rights are available to holders of Pepco common stock and Pepco preferred stock
under applicable District of Columbia and Virginia law, as set forth below.

Where applicable, Pepco will recognize dissenters' appraisal rights that are
perfected under either District of Columbia or Virginia law.

   
District of Columbia.
Section 29-373 of the District of Columbia Business
Corporation Act provides dissenters' rights for the holders of Pepco common and
preferred stock who object to the transaction and meet the statutory
requirements contained therein.
To perfect this right, a record stockholder
must:

     (1) deliver to Pepco written objection to the transaction prior to or at
  the first of the Pepco meetings before the vote is taken;

     (2) not vote in favor of the transaction; and

     (3) within 20 days after the effective time, make a written demand on
  HoldCo for payment of the fair value of his or her shares as of the day
  prior to the date on which the vote was taken approving the transaction.


The written notice of objection to the transaction should be sent or delivered
to:

     Potomac Electric Power Company
     Attention: Corporate Secretary
     1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20068
     Telephone (202) 872-3256


The failure to vote against the transaction will not constitute a waiver of
dissenters' appraisal rights and a vote against the transaction will not
satisfy the notice requirement.
Any stockholder failing to make demand within
the 20-day period will be bound by the terms of the merger agreement.

   
If within 30 days after the effective time, the value of the shares is
agreed upon between the dissenting stockholder and HoldCo, payment will be made
upon surrender of the certificate or certificates representing the shares.
If
within the 30-day period the dissenting stockholder and HoldCo do not agree as
to the value of the shares, the dissenting stockholder may, within 60 days
after the expiration of the 30-day period, file a petition in any court of
competent jurisdiction within the District of Columbia, asking for a finding
and determination of the fair value of the shares.
The dissenting stockholder
will be entitled to judgment against HoldCo for the amount of the fair value as
of the day prior to the date on which the vote was taken approving the
transaction, together with interest at an annual rate of 5% to the date of the
judgment.
Unless the dissenting stockholder files the petition within the
requisite period, the stockholder will be bound by the terms of the merger
agreement.

   
The full text of the dissenters' appraisal provisions of District of
Columbia law is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex F.

   Virginia.
The Virginia Stock Corporation Act (or the VSCA) provides
dissenters' appraisal rights of holders of shares of Pepco common stock and
Pepco preferred stock who object to the transaction and follow the procedures
required to perfect such rights set forth in Article 15 of the VSCA, which
governs dissenters' appraisal rights.
A beneficial holder of Pepco stock as of
the Pepco Record Date may assert dissenters' appraisal rights with respect to
shares held on his or her behalf only if he or she submits to Pepco the record
holder's written consent to the dissent not later than the time the beneficial
holder asserts such rights.
A record holder of Pepco stock as of the Pepco
Record Date may assert dissenters' appraisal rights with respect to fewer than
all shares registered in its name if it notifies Pepco in writing of the name
and address of each beneficial owner of shares on whose behalf it is asserting
dissenters' appraisal rights and asserts such rights with respect to all shares
beneficially owned by such person.

   
In order to assert dissenters' rights, a stockholder must:

     (1) deliver to Pepco prior to the vote on the transaction written notice
  of his intent to demand payment for his shares if the transaction is
  effectuated; and

     (2) not vote in favor of the transaction.


Such notice of intent should be sent or delivered to:

     Potomac Electric Power Company
     Attention: Corporate Secretary
     1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20068
     Telephone (202) 872-3256

   A stockholder who votes for the transaction or who does not satisfy each of
these requirements is not entitled to payment for his shares under the
dissenters' appraisal rights provisions of the VSCA.
The failure to vote
against the transaction will not constitute a waiver of dissenters' appraisal
rights, and a vote against the transaction will not satisfy the notice
requirement.

   
Within 10 days after the consummation of the transaction, HoldCo is required
to deliver to each stockholder who has asserted dissenters' appraisal rights a
notice that:

     (1) states where the stockholder's demand for payment should be sent and
  where certificates for shares should be deposited;

     (2) supplies a form for demanding payment that includes the date of the
  first announcement to the news media of the terms of the transaction and
  requires the stockholder to certify whether he acquired beneficial
  ownership of the shares before or after that date; and

     (3) sets a date by which HoldCo must receive the demand for payment,
  which may not be more than 60 nor fewer than 30 days after the date of
  delivery of the notice.

   
Upon receipt of the notice, a stockholder must demand payment, certify that
he acquired his shares before or after the announcement date, and deposit his
shares in accordance with the terms of the notice.
A stockholder who does not
satisfy each of these requirements is not entitled to payment for his shares
under the dissenters' rights provisions of the VSCA.

   
Section 13.1-737 of the VSCA provides that, except in the case of shares
acquired after the announcement date, within 30 days after the receipt of a
valid payment demand, HoldCo is obligated to pay the dissenter the amount
HoldCo estimates to be the fair value of his shares, plus accrued interest from
the effective time to the date of payment.
"Fair value" means the value of a
dissenter's shares immediately before the effectuation of the transaction,
excluding any appreciation or depreciation in anticipation of the transaction
unless such exclusion would be inequitable.
Interest is calculated generally at
the average rate then currently paid by HoldCo on its principal bank loans.

This payment obligation may be enforced by the circuit court in the city or
county where HoldCo's registered office is located or, at the election of any
dissenter residing or having its principal office in Virginia, by the circuit
court in the city or county where the dissenter resides or has its principal
office.

   
HoldCo may elect to withhold payment on after-acquired shares.
To the extent
that HoldCo elects to withhold this payment, after consummating the
transaction, HoldCo is required to estimate the fair value of the shares, plus
accrued interest, and offer to pay this amount to each dissenter who agrees to
accept it in full satisfaction of his demand.

   
Section 13.1-738 of the VSCA provides that a dissenter may notify HoldCo in
writing of his own estimate of the fair value of his shares and amount of
interest due, and demand payment of his estimate less any payment made by
HoldCo under Section 13.1-737 or reject HoldCo's offer under Section 13.1-738
and demand payment of the fair value of his shares and interest due, if the
dissenter believes that the amount paid under Section 13.1-737 or offered under
Section 13.1-738 is less than the fair value of his shares or that the interest
due is incorrectly calculated.
A dissenter waives his right to demand payment
under Section 13.1-739 unless he notifies HoldCo of his demand in writing
within 30 days after HoldCo made or offered payment for his shares.
If any such
demand for payment remains unsettled, HoldCo is required to commence a
proceeding within 60 days after receiving the payment demand in the circuit
court to determine the fair value of the shares and accrued interest.
If HoldCo
does not commence the proceeding within the 60-day period, it is required to
pay each dissenter whose demand remains unsettled the amount demanded.
In this
proceeding, the dissenter is entitled to judgment for:

     (1) the amount, if any, by which the court finds that the fair value of
  his shares plus interest, exceeds the amount paid by HoldCo under Section
  13.1-737 of the VSCA; or

     (2) the fair value, plus accrued interest, of his after-acquired shares
  for which HoldCo elected to withhold payment under Section 13.1-738 of the
  VSCA.

   
The full text of the dissenters' appraisal provisions of Virginia law is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex G.

   Appraisal Rights of Dissenting Stockholders of Conectiv.
Appraisal rights
are available to dissenting holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class
A common stock under the laws of the State of Delaware.

   
If the transaction is consummated, a holder of record of Conectiv stock on
the date of making a demand for appraisal, as described below, will be entitled
to have those shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery under Section
262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (or the DGCL) and to receive
payment for the "fair value" of those shares instead of the consideration
provided for in the merger agreement.
In order to be eligible to receive this
payment, however, a Conectiv stockholder must:

     (1) continue to hold his or her shares through the time of the
  transaction;

     (2) strictly comply with the procedures discussed under Section 262 of
  the DGCL; and

     (3) not vote in favor of the transaction.

   
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being sent to all holders of record
of Conectiv stock on the record date for the Conectiv meeting and constitutes
notice of the appraisal rights available to those holders under Section 262.

   
The following summary is not a complete statement of Section 262 of the
DGCL, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262 of the DGCL,
which is incorporated herein by reference, together with any amendments to the
laws that may be adopted after the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

   
A holder of Conectiv stock who elects to exercise appraisal rights under
Section 262 of the DGCL must deliver a written demand for appraisal of its
shares of Conectiv stock prior to the vote on the transaction.
The written
demand must identify the stockholder of record and state the stockholder's
intention to demand appraisal of his or her shares.
All demands should be
delivered to:

     Conectiv
     Attention: Secretary
     800 King Street
     Wilmington, Delaware 19801
     Telephone (302) 429-3069

   Only a holder of shares of Conectiv stock on the date of making a written
demand for appraisal who continuously holds those shares through the time of
the transaction is entitled to seek appraisal.
Demand for appraisal must be
executed by or for the holder of record, fully and correctly, as that holder's
name appears on the holder's stock certificates representing shares of Conectiv
stock.
If Conectiv stock is owned of record in a fiduciary capacity by a
trustee, guardian or custodian, the demand should be made in that capacity.
If
Conectiv stock is owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint
tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be made by or for all owners of
record.
An authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may execute
the demand for appraisal for a holder of record; however, that agent must
identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose in the demand that
the agent is acting as agent for the record owner or owners of the shares.

   
A record holder such as a broker who holds shares of Conectiv stock as a
nominee for beneficial owners, some of whom desire to demand appraisal, must
exercise appraisal rights on behalf of those beneficial owners with respect to
the shares of Conectiv stock, held for those beneficial owners.
In that case,
the written demand

for appraisal should state the number of shares of Conectiv stock covered by
it.
Unless a demand for appraisal specifies a number of shares, the demand will
be presumed to cover all shares of Conectiv stock held in the name of the
record owner.

   
Beneficial owners who are not record owners and who intend to exercise
appraisal rights should instruct the record owner to comply with the statutory
requirements with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights before the date
of the Conectiv meeting.

   
Within 10 days after the effective time, the surviving or resulting
corporation is required to send notice of the effectiveness of the transaction
to each stockholder who prior to the time of the transaction complies with the
requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL.

   
Within 120 days after the effective date, the surviving or resulting
corporation or any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
Section 262 of the DGCL may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery
demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares of Conectiv stock
held by all stockholders seeking appraisal.
A dissenting stockholder must serve
a copy of the petition on the surviving or resulting corporation.
If no
petition is filed by the surviving corporation, the resulting corporation or
any dissenting stockholder within the 120-day period, the rights of all
dissenting stockholders to appraisal will cease.
Stockholders seeking to
exercise appraisal rights should not assume that the surviving or resulting
corporation will file a petition with respect to the appraisal of the fair
value of their shares or that the surviving or resulting corporation will
initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of those shares.

Conectiv (as the surviving corporation in the Conectiv Merger) has no
obligation, and has no present intention, to take any action in this regard.

Accordingly, stockholders who wish to seek appraisal of their shares should
initiate all necessary action with respect to the perfection of their appraisal
rights within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in Section 262 of
the DGCL.
Failure to file the petition on a timely basis will cause the
stockholder's right to an appraisal to cease.

   
Within 120 days after the effective time, any stockholder who has complied
with subsections (a) and (d) of Section 262 of the DGCL is entitled, upon
written request, to receive from the surviving or resulting corporation a
statement setting forth the total number of shares of Conectiv stock not voted
in favor of the transaction with respect to which demands for appraisal have
been received by Conectiv and the number of holders of those shares.
The
statement must be mailed within 10 days after Conectiv has received the written
request or within 10 days after the time for delivery of demands for appraisal
under subsection (d) of Section 262 has expired, whichever is later.

   
If a petition for an appraisal is filed in a timely manner, at the hearing
on the petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will determine which
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will appraise the shares of
Conectiv stock owned by those stockholders.
The court will determine the fair
value of those shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the transaction, together with a fair rate of
interest, to be paid, if any, upon the fair value.

   
Stockholders who consider seeking appraisal should consider that the fair
value of their shares under Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the
same as, or less than, the value of the consideration provided for in the
merger agreement without the exercise of appraisal rights.
The Court of
Chancery may determine the cost of the appraisal proceeding and assess it
against the parties as the Court deems equitable.
Upon application of a
dissenting stockholder, the Court may order that all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees
and the fees and expenses of experts) be charged pro rata against the value of
all shares of Conectiv stock entitled to appraisal.
In the absence of a court
determination or assessment, each party bears its own expenses.

   
Any stockholder who has demanded appraisal for his or her stock in
compliance with Section 262 of the DGCL will not, after the transaction, be
entitled to vote that stock for any purpose or receive payment of dividends or
other distributions, if any, on that stock, except for payment of dividends or
distributions, if any,

payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the transaction.
A
stockholder may withdraw a demand for appraisal and accept the HoldCo common
stock at any time within 60 days after the effective time.
If an appraisal
proceeding is properly instituted, it may not be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery, and any
such approval may be conditioned on the Court of Chancery's deeming the terms
to be just.
If, after the transaction, a holder of Conectiv stock who had
demanded appraisal for his shares fails to perfect or loses his right to
appraisal, those shares will be treated under the merger agreement as if they
were converted into HoldCo common stock at the time of the transaction.

   
The full text of the dissenters' appraisal provisions of Delaware law is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex H.

Accounting Treatment of the Transaction

   
The transaction will be accounted for by HoldCo using the purchase method of
accounting for a business combination in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.
Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of Conectiv will be recorded at their fair values and if necessary,
any excess of the merger consideration over those amounts will be recorded as
goodwill.
The results of operations and cash flows of Conectiv will be included
in HoldCo's financial statements prospectively as of the completion of the
transaction.


Restrictions on Resales by Pepco and Conectiv Affiliates

   HoldCo has registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (or the
Securities Act) the shares of HoldCo common stock to be received by Pepco's and
Conectiv's stockholders in connection with the transaction.
When HoldCo shares
are issued to Pepco's and Conectiv's stockholders, these stockholders may trade
them without restriction unless they are deemed to be an "affiliate" of Pepco
or Conectiv, as defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act.

   
The shares of HoldCo common stock received by persons who are deemed to be
affiliates of either Pepco or Conectiv before the transaction may be resold by
them only in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 145 under
the Securities Act.
Shares of HoldCo common stock received by persons who are
deemed to be affiliates of HoldCo after the transaction may be sold by them
only in transactions permitted under the provisions of Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.

   
For purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act, Pepco and Conectiv have
agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause each person who is
an affiliate of either Pepco or Conectiv to deliver to HoldCo a written
agreement intended to ensure compliance with the Securities Act.


Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following summary discusses the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the transaction to U.S. Holders of Pepco stock and Conectiv
stock.

   
For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder means:

 .  
a citizen or resident of the United States;

 .  
a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized
   under the laws of the United States or any of its political subdivisions;

 .  
a trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the
   administration of the trust and one or more U.S. fiduciaries have the
   authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or

 .  
an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income
   regardless of its source.

   
This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions currently
in effect, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect.
The discussion assumes that Pepco stockholders hold their Pepco stock
and will hold their HoldCo common stock, and Conectiv stockholders hold their
Conectiv stock and will hold their HoldCo common stock, as a capital asset
within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Further, the
discussion addresses only the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of
the transaction and does not consider the effect of any foreign, state, local
or other tax law.
Nor does the discussion address all aspects of U.S. federal
income taxation that may be relevant to a particular stockholder in light of
that stockholder's personal investment circumstances, or to stockholders
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including:

 .  insurance companies;

 .  
tax-exempt organizations;

 .  
financial institutions;

 .  
broker-dealers;

 .  
persons who have elected to use the mark-to-market method of accounting with
   respect to their securities holdings;

 .  
persons that hold their Pepco stock or Conectiv stock as part of a straddle,
   a hedge against currency risk or a constructive sale or conversion
   transaction;

 .  
persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;

 .  
investors in pass-through entities;

 .  
persons who acquired their Pepco stock or Conectiv stock through the
   exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or through a
   tax-qualified retirement plan; or

 .  
holders of options granted under any Pepco or Conectiv benefit plan.

   
Holders of Pepco stock and Conectiv stock should consult their own tax
advisors regarding the specific tax consequences to them of the transaction,
including the applicability and effect of federal, state, local and foreign
income and other tax laws in their particular circumstances.

   
In connection with the filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Conectiv, and LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene &
MacRae, L.L.P., counsel to Pepco, have delivered their opinions to Pepco and
Conectiv, respectively, to the effect that the statements made under the
heading "The Transaction--Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences--
Consequences of the Transaction to U.S. Holders," to the extent they constitute
statements of law or legal conclusions, are correct in all material respects.

   
The tax opinions are subject to qualifications and are based on currently
applicable law, certain factual representations made by HoldCo, Pepco and
Conectiv and certain customary assumptions.
The tax opinions are not binding on
the Internal Revenue Service or any courts and there can be no assurance that
the Internal Revenue Service or a court will agree with any of the conclusions
described below.
Moreover, any change in currently applicable law, which may or
may not be retroactive, or failure of any of such factual representations or
assumptions to be true, correct and complete in all material respects, could
affect the continuing validity of the tax opinions.

 
Consequences of the Transaction to U.S. Holders

   The material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the transaction to the
U.S. Holders of Pepco stock and Conectiv stock are summarized as follows:

 .  
the Pepco Merger and the Conectiv Merger, taken together, will be treated
   for U.S. federal income tax purposes as transactions described in Section
   351 of the Internal Revenue Code;

 .  
with respect to U.S. Holders of Pepco common stock:

  .  
no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Pepco common stock
     solely for HoldCo common stock pursuant to the Pepco Merger;

  .  
the aggregate adjusted basis of the HoldCo common stock received in the
     Pepco Merger will be equal to the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the
     Pepco common stock exchanged for that HoldCo common stock, reduced by
     any amount allocable to the fractional share interests in HoldCo common
     stock for which cash is received;

  .  
the holding period of the HoldCo common stock received in the Pepco
     Merger will include the holding period of the Pepco common stock
     exchanged for that HoldCo common stock;

 .  
with respect to U.S. Holders of Conectiv stock:

  .  
no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Conectiv stock
     solely for HoldCo common stock pursuant to the Conectiv Merger, except
     with respect to cash received instead of fractional shares of HoldCo
     common stock;

  .  
gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Conectiv stock solely
     for cash pursuant to the Conectiv Merger in an amount equal to the
     difference between the amount of cash received and the U.S. Holder's
     adjusted tax basis in those shares of Conectiv stock;

  .  
gain (but not loss) will be recognized on the exchange of Conectiv stock
     for a combination of cash and HoldCo common stock pursuant to the
     Conectiv Merger equal to the difference between:

    .  
the sum of the cash (excluding any cash received instead of
       fractional shares of HoldCo common stock) and the fair market value
       of the HoldCo common stock received (including any fractional shares
       of HoldCo common stock deemed received and exchanged for cash), and

    .  
the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in those shares of Conectiv
       stock,

     but not in excess of the cash received by such U.S. Holder in the
  Conectiv Merger;

  .  
the aggregate adjusted basis of the HoldCo common stock received in the
     Conectiv Merger (including any fractional shares of HoldCo common stock
     deemed received and exchanged for cash) will be equal to the aggregate
     adjusted tax basis of the Conectiv stock exchanged in the Conectiv
     Merger, increased by the amount of gain, if any, recognized by such U.S.
     Holder and decreased by the amount of cash received;

  .  
the holding period of the HoldCo common stock received in the Conectiv
     Merger will include the holding period of the Conectiv stock exchanged
     for that HoldCo common stock; and

 .  
with respect to U.S. Holders of Pepco preferred stock, no gain or loss will
   be recognized by a U.S. Holder who retains Pepco preferred stock in
   connection with the Pepco Merger.

 
Cash Instead of Fractional Shares

   The receipt of cash instead of a fractional share of HoldCo common stock by
a U.S. Holder of Conectiv stock will result in taxable gain or loss to such
U.S. Holder for U.S. federal income tax purposes based upon the difference
between the amount of cash received by such U.S. Holder and the U.S. Holder's
adjusted tax basis in the fractional share (determined as described above).

 
Dissenters' Appraisal Rights

   A U.S. Holder of Pepco stock or Conectiv stock who exercises dissenters'
appraisal rights as described above under "The Transaction--Dissenters'
Appraisal Rights", generally will be treated as if the shares of

stock subject to such rights were redeemed by Pepco or Conectiv, as applicable.

In that case, the U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss for
U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the tax basis
of the stock with respect to which such rights are exercised and the amount
received through the exercise of such rights, provided that such U.S. Holder
does not own directly or constructively any Pepco stock following the Pepco
Merger or any Conectiv stock following the Conectiv Merger.
For this purpose, a
U.S. Holder of Pepco stock or Conectiv stock may be treated as owning stock
owned by certain related individuals and entities and stock which such U.S.
Holder has the right to acquire by exercise of an option.

   
U.S. Holders of Pepco stock or Conectiv stock who actually or constructively
own Pepco stock or Conectiv stock following the Pepco Merger or the Conectiv
Merger, respectively, should consult their tax advisors to determine the tax
consequences to them resulting from the exercise of their dissenters' appraisal
rights.

 
Taxation of Capital Gain

   Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder in connection with the mergers will
constitute capital gain or loss and will constitute long-term capital gain or
loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period is greater than one year as of the
date of the mergers.
For non-corporate U.S. Holders, this long-term capital
gain generally will be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20%.

The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limits.

 
Backup Withholding

   Payments to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders may be subject to backup
withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in connection with the
mergers (including cash paid instead of fractional shares of HoldCo common
stock).
Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder who:

 .  furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies as to not
   being subject to backup withholding on IRS Form W- 9 or a substitute or
   successor form; or

 .  
is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

   
If a U.S. Holder does not provide a correct taxpayer identification number,
such U.S. Holder may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue
Service.
Any amount paid as backup withholding does not constitute an
additional tax and will be creditable against such U.S. Holder's U.S. federal
income tax liability.
U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors
as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the
procedure for obtaining the exemption.

   
A U.S. Holder may avoid backup withholding by completing IRS Form W- 9 or a
substitute or successor form and submitting it to the paying agent for the
transaction when submitting such U.S. Holder's stock certificates.

 
Reporting Requirements

   U.S. Holders of Pepco common stock or Conectiv stock receiving HoldCo common
stock as a result of the mergers will be required to attach to their income tax
returns for the taxable year in which the closing of the transaction occurs,
and maintain a permanent record of, a complete statement of all the facts
relating to the exchange of stock in connection with the transaction.
The facts
to be disclosed by a U.S. Holder include the U.S. Holder's basis in the Pepco
common stock or the Conectiv stock, as the case may be, transferred to HoldCo
and the number of shares of HoldCo common stock received in the transaction.


Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction

   Pepco

   
In considering the recommendation of the Pepco Board, you should be aware
that certain of Pepco's directors and officers may be deemed to have interests
in the transaction that are or may be different from, or in addition to, your
interests as a stockholder.
The Pepco Board was aware of these interests and
considered them, among other matters, in approving the merger agreement and
recommending it for your approval.

   Severance Agreements.
Pepco has entered into severance agreements with Mr.
Andrew W. Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr.
William J. Sim, Senior Vice President, Power Delivery, and several other
officers and general managers of Pepco, each of which contains change in
control provisions.
Completion of the transaction would constitute a change in
control under each of these agreements.
The agreements provide for the payment
of severance benefits if, within two years following a change in control, an
employee's employment is terminated by Pepco other than for cause, death, or
disability, an employee terminates employment for "good reason," a successor
company does not assume Pepco's obligations under the agreements, or Pepco or a
successor materially breaches the agreement.
Severance benefits are also made
under the agreements if, in contemplation of, but prior to, a change in
control, Pepco terminates an employee's employment without cause or an employee
terminates for "good reason."
Good reason is defined as the assignment of
duties materially inconsistent with the employee's duties before a change in
control or a material reduction in the employee's duties or responsibilities, a
reduction in base salary, or a relocation of the employee's office by more than
50 miles.

   
Severance payments consist of (1) twenty-four equal monthly payments that
together equal two times the employee's annual base salary in effect at the
time of the termination of employment and two times the average target annual
bonuses received by the employee during the three years prior to the change in
control, and (2) the continuation of welfare benefits for a three-year period
after the date of termination.
The agreements also provide for additional
payments, if required, to make the employees whole for any excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code.

   
Long-Term Incentive Plan.
Pepco's long-term incentive plan, under which
stock options, restricted stock and other forms of stock-based awards may be
granted to officers, key employees, and directors of Pepco, including Pepco's
directors and Messrs. Derrick, Wraase, Torgerson, Williams, and Sim, contains
change in control provisions.
Stockholder approval of the transaction would
constitute a change in control for purposes of the plan.
Under the plan's
change in control provisions, participants are entitled to accelerated vesting
or payout of awards if their employment or service on the Pepco Board is
terminated or if they suffer a diminution of responsibility, authority,
position or salary following a change in control.
In addition, each "incentive
stock option agreement" awarded under the plan allows the Pepco Board to
accelerate vesting following a proposal to merge or consolidate Pepco with
another company if such merger or consolidation is submitted to Pepco's
stockholders for a vote.

   
Other Arrangements Affected by the Transaction.
Under various employee plans
of Pepco, the transaction will constitute a change in control, which will
entitle participating employees, including those executives named above, to
benefits if their employment is terminated following the transaction.
Under
Pepco's supplemental executive retirement plan and Pepco's executive
performance supplemental retirement plan, officers will be entitled to
accelerated payment of retirement benefits.
Under Pepco's executive split-
dollar program, executive officers and other employees will be entitled to
continuation of premium payments.

   
In addition, the transaction will require Pepco to fund a trust established
for the payment of benefits that are payable under Pepco's supplemental
executive retirement plan and Pepco's director and executive deferred
compensation plan, and a payment default following the transaction will require
the funding of a second trust established for the payment of benefits payable
under Pepco's supplemental benefit program, Pepco's executive

performance supplemental retirement plan, and Pepco's executive split-dollar
insurance program.
Finally, under Pepco's director and executive deferred
compensation plan, in the event of a change in control, which would include
stockholder approval of the transaction, and termination of a participant's
employment, a lump sum payment will be made equal to the net present value of
the expected payments at age 65 discounted using the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation immediate payment interest rate plus one-half of one percent.

   
Conectiv

   In considering the recommendation of the Conectiv Board, you should be aware
that certain of Conectiv's directors and officers may be deemed to have
interests in the transaction that are or may be different from, or in addition
to, your interests as a stockholder.
The Conectiv Board was aware of these
interests and considered them, along with other matters, in approving the
merger agreement and recommending it for your adoption.

   
HoldCo Board of Directors.
The merger agreement provides that, at the
effective time, the HoldCo board of directors will consist of at least two
directors who were members of the Conectiv Board, chosen by the mutual
agreement of Pepco and Conectiv.

   
Change in Control Severance Agreements and Plans.
Conectiv has change-in-
control severance agreements with Messrs. Cosgrove, Shaw, van Roden, Spence and
Mrs. Graham and two other senior executives.
The agreements are intended to
encourage the continued dedication of Conectiv's senior management team.
The
agreements provide benefits for these executives upon actual or constructive
termination of employment (other than for cause, or by reason of death or
disability) within the two-year period (one-year period for Mr. Cosgrove)
immediately following a change in control of Conectiv, which definition
includes the closing of the transaction.
Upon such a termination, an affected
executive would receive, subject to such executive providing Conectiv with a
general release of claims:

  .  
a prorated bonus (based on target) for the year of termination;

  .  
a payment equal to three times the sum of base salary and target bonus
     for the year of termination (or, if higher in either case, as in effect
     at the change in control);

  .  
for three years following termination, continuation of medical, dental,
     vision, group life and disability benefits at least at a level (and cost
     to the executive) that is substantially similar in the aggregate to the
     level of such benefits available to the executive immediately prior to
     the change in control (with limited exceptions); and

  .  
a payment equal to the actuarial equivalent of the additional benefit
     under Conectiv's qualified cash balance pension plan and supplemental
     retirement plan had the executive remained employed for an additional 36
     months.

   
Conectiv also maintains two change-in-control severance plans for executive
employees and other select employees.
The plans are substantially similar to
the change in control severance agreements described above, except that:

  .  
the plans provide for two or one and one-half times, respectively, the
     sum of base salary and bonus, rather than three;

  .  
the plans provide for continuation of welfare benefits for 24 or 18
     months, rather than 36 months; and

  .  
the payment of additional pension benefits is calculated as if the
     employee remained employed for an additional 24 or 18 months, rather
     than 36 months.

   
In addition, Conectiv has a Gross-Up and Legal Fee Plan, the terms of which
apply to employees covered by these change-in-control severance agreements and
plans, which provides that (1) Conectiv will pay a gross-up payment in the
event that a covered employee is subject to excise taxes pursuant to Section
4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and (2) Conectiv will
pay all legal fees and expenses incurred in a

legal proceeding by a covered employee in seeking to obtain or enforce any
right or benefit under the Gross-Up and Legal Fee Plan or a Conectiv change-in-
control severance agreement or plan.

   
Incentive Compensation Plan.
Conectiv maintains an incentive plan that
provides for the grant of annual incentive awards (performance-based cash or
stock awards), restricted stock, stock options, performance units, stock
appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and other awards as the
administrative committee determines.
The plan provides that in the event of a
change in control of Conectiv, such as the transaction, unless the committee in
its sole discretion specifies otherwise:

  .  
all outstanding options and stock appreciation rights will become
     exercisable;

  .  
all outstanding performance units will be cashed out pro rata, based on
     the number of full and partial months that have elapsed with respect to
     a performance period;

  .  
the restrictions on restricted stock will lapse; and

  .  
annual incentive awards will be treated as the committee determines.

   
In the event that the committee determines that any dividend,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, or similar event or transaction
affects Conectiv's common stock such that an adjustment is appropriate to
prevent dilution or enlargement of participants' rights, the committee may make
such an adjustment or may terminate any award and make an equitable cash
payment for its value, as determined by the committee.

   
With respect to stock options, the merger agreement provides that option
holders will be able to elect to either (1) receive a cash payment equal to the
excess, if any, of the merger consideration over the exercise price or (2) have
their options converted into options to purchase HoldCo common stock.

   
Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plans.
Conectiv maintains
a Deferred Compensation Plan and a Supplemental Retirement Plan, pursuant to
which and pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the Personnel and
Compensation Committee, prior to the closing of the transaction and in
consultation with participants under the plans, will determine whether to (1)
distribute all deferrals in cash immediately (including the value of the
restricted stock units provided as a match under the management stock purchase
program and director stock purchase program in the Conectiv Deferred
Compensation Plan) or (2) distribute all deferrals in accordance with the
distribution elections previously selected by each participant, in which case,
Conectiv, HoldCo and/or Pepco will contribute cash to a grantor trust
(maintained by an institutional trustee independent of the parties) in an
amount not less than the value, as of the closing of the transaction, of all
participants' benefits under each of the plans, as determined by the plans'
actuary.

   
Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance.
The merger agreement
provides that, for a period of six years following the effective time, the
directors and officers of Conectiv will continue to be indemnified to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
In addition, during this period,
HoldCo has agreed to cause Conectiv to continue to provide these individuals
with directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
insurance coverage.


Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Transaction

   Certain federal and state regulatory requirements must be complied with
before we can complete the transaction.
While we can not give any assurances as
to if and when any of the consents or approvals required for the transaction
will be obtained or the conditions that may be contained therein, we currently
believe that the necessary approvals can be obtained by the first quarter of
2002.

   
State Approvals

              Delaware.
Delmarva Power & Light Company (which we refer to as
Delmarva) is subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Commission as a public
utility.
The approval of the Delaware Commission is

required before a Delaware public utility may directly or indirectly merge or
consolidate with any other person or company.
Delaware Commission approval is
also required before any person may directly or indirectly acquire control of a
Delaware public utility.
To grant its approval, the Delaware Commission must
find that the transaction is to be made in accordance with law, for a proper
purpose and is consistent with the public interest.
HoldCo and Delmarva intend
to seek the approval of the Delaware Commission consistent with these
requirements.

              
Maryland.
The Maryland Public Service Commission is granted
general authority to supervise and regulate public utilities with operations in
the State of Maryland.
Both Pepco and Delmarva have utility operations in the
State of Maryland.
Pepco and Conectiv intend to make any necessary filings with
the Maryland Commission under the Commission's general authority to determine
whether the transaction will have an adverse effect on the relevant Maryland
franchises.

              
New Jersey.
Atlantic City Electric Company (which we refer to as
Atlantic City Electric) is subject to the jurisdiction of the New Jersey Board
of Public Utilities as a public utility.
The approval of the New Jersey
Commission is required before any person may directly or indirectly acquire
control of a New Jersey public utility.
In considering a request to acquire
control of a public utility, the New Jersey Commission evaluates the impact of
the acquisition on competition, on the ratepayers affected by the acquisition
of control, on the employees of the affected public utility or utilities, and
on the provision of safe and adequate utility service at just and reasonable
rates.
HoldCo and Atlantic City Electric intend to seek the approval of the New
Jersey Commission consistent with these requirements.

   
Atlantic City Electric has operations that are considered "industrial
establishments" under New Jersey's Industrial Site Recovery Act.
Under that
Act, filings with and clearances from the New Jersey Department of
Environmental Protection are required for any direct or indirect change of
ownership of an industrial establishment.
However, if a transaction involves
only the indirect owner of an industrial establishment with another owner and
the indirect owner's assets would have been unavailable for remediation under
the Industrial Site Recovery Act, the transaction is not subject to the
requirements of that Act.
While we do not believe that any filings or
clearances are required for the transaction, HoldCo, Conectiv and Atlantic City
Electric may make filings with the New Jersey Department of Environmental
Protection as deemed appropriate, including seeking a letter of non-
applicability for the transaction with respect to the Industrial Site Recovery
Act.

              
Pennsylvania.
Delmarva and Atlantic City Electric each own
minority interests in electric generating stations and related transmission
lines located in Pennsylvania and thus are considered Pennsylvania public
utilities.
The approval of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission is
required for a Pennsylvania public utility to directly or indirectly transfer
any public utility property located in Pennsylvania.
To grant its approval, the
Pennsylvania Commission must find that the transaction is necessary or proper
for the service, accommodation, convenience or safety of the public.
HoldCo,
Delmarva and Atlantic City Electric intend to seek the approval of the
Pennsylvania Commission consistent with these requirements.

              
Virginia.
Delmarva provides utility service in Virginia and is
subject to the jurisdiction of the Virginia State Corporation Commission as a
public service company and a public utility.
Because of its ownership of
transmission lines in Virginia, Pepco is subject to the jurisdiction of the
Virginia Commission as a public utility for limited purposes.
The Virginia
Commission must approve the acquisition of any Virginia public utility and the
disposition of any utility assets located in Virginia.
The applicants must show
that the provision of adequate service at just and reasonable rates will not be
threatened or impaired by the transaction.
Delmarva and Pepco will seek the
approvals of the Virginia Commission consistent with these requirements.

              
District of Columbia.
Pepco is subject to the jurisdiction of the
DC Commission.
Because Pepco currently has all necessary authority to issue the
securities required to complete the transaction and is not itself directly or
indirectly acquiring another public utility, and HoldCo will not become a
public utility as a result of the transaction, we do not believe that the DC
Commission has direct jurisdiction over the transaction.
However, it is
possible that the DC Commission will assert such jurisdiction under its plenary
authority over

the operations of Pepco.
Pepco intends to work constructively with the DC
Commission regarding the transaction as well as its ongoing jurisdiction over
Pepco following the transaction, and make any filings with the DC Commission as
are deemed appropriate.

   
Federal Approvals

       Antitrust.
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended (which we refer to as the HSR Act), and the rules promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission, the transaction may not be
consummated until HoldCo, Pepco and Conectiv file notifications and provide
certain information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division
of the Department of Justice and specified waiting period requirements are
satisfied.
Even after the HSR Act waiting period expires or terminates, the
Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
may later challenge the transaction on antitrust grounds.
If the transaction is
not completed within 12 months after the expiration or earlier termination of
the initial HSR Act waiting period, the parties would be required to submit new
information under the HSR Act and a new waiting period would begin.
The parties
intend to file notification and report forms under the HSR Act with the Federal
Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice so
that the waiting period will expire or terminate within 12 months before the
anticipated closing of the transaction.

       
Public Utility Holding Company Act.
In connection with the transaction,
HoldCo must obtain SEC approval under Sections 9(a)(2) and 10 of the 1935 Act.

Section 9(a)(2) requires that a person who owns, or will by virtue of a
transaction come to own, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of a public utility company, obtain the approval of the SEC
under Section 10 before acquiring a direct or indirect interest in 5% or more
of the voting securities of any additional public utility company in the same
or a separate transaction.
The transaction will result in HoldCo acquiring 5%
or more of the voting securities of the following five public utility
companies: Pepco, Delmarva, Atlantic City Electric, Conectiv Delmarva
Generation, Inc. and Conectiv Atlantic Generation, LLC.
Under the applicable
standards of the 1935 Act, the SEC must determine whether:

  .  
the transaction would tend towards detrimental interlocking relations or
     a detrimental concentration of control of public utility companies;

  .  
the consideration to be paid in connection with the transaction is
     reasonable;

  .  
the transaction would unduly complicate the capital structure or be
     detrimental to the proper functioning of HoldCo's holding company
     system; or

  .  
the transaction would violate applicable state law.

   
In addition, under Section 10 of the 1935 Act, to approve the transaction,
the SEC must also find that the transaction would serve the public interest
because it would tend toward the economical and efficient development of a
single integrated public utility system (in this case consisting of Pepco's and
Conectiv's combined electric utility properties).
With respect to Delmarva's
gas utility operations, we believe that based on recent orders issued by the
SEC under the 1935 Act, the parties will be permitted to retain such gas
operations.
HoldCo intends to file an application with the SEC requesting
approval of the transaction under the 1935 Act.

   
HoldCo expects that after the completion of the transaction, it will have to
register with the SEC as a public utility holding company under the 1935 Act.

The 1935 Act imposes a number of restrictions on the operations of registered
holding company systems.
These restrictions include a requirement that the SEC
approve, in advance, securities issuances, sales and acquisitions of utility
assets or of securities of utility companies and acquisitions of interests in
other businesses.
The 1935 Act also limits the ability of registered holding
companies to engage in non-utility ventures and regulates transactions between
various affiliates within the holding company system, including the provision
of services by holding company affiliates to the system's utilities.
Although
under the 1935 Act the SEC may require the divestiture of any business of the
combined

companies that is not functionally related to its core utility businesses as a
condition to approval of the transaction, HoldCo believes that all of its
material non-utility activities after completion of the acquisition will meet
the requirements for retention by a registered holding company.
In addition, we
plan to seek any SEC approvals which we believe are necessary to allow the
continued growth of these businesses.

       
Federal Power Act.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission must approve
the transaction.
Under Section 203 of the Federal Power Act, the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission is directed to approve a merger if it finds such merger
consistent with the public interest.
In reviewing a merger, the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission generally evaluates:

  .  
whether the merger will adversely affect competition;

  .  
whether the merger will adversely affect rates; and

  .  
whether the merger will impair the effectiveness of regulation.


The parties intend to file an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission requesting approval of the transaction under the Federal Power Act
in the first half of 2001.

       
Atomic Energy Act.
Atlantic City Electric holds licenses issued by the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission in connection with its 7.41% ownership interest
in the Salem Nuclear Generating Station, its 7.51% ownership interest in the
Peach Bottom Atomic Generating Station, and its 5% ownership interest in the
Hope Creek Nuclear Generating Station.
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 requires
that any direct or indirect transfer of a license must be approved by the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
Although Atlantic City Electric has entered into
agreements to sell its interests in these nuclear facilities, and the related
license transfers have been approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the
sale of the facilities is not a condition to completing the transaction.
As a
result, if the sale of the nuclear facilities has not been completed, the
transaction will constitute an indirect change of control of Atlantic City
Electric and therefore an indirect transfer of its nuclear licenses.
Atlantic
City Electric intends to file an application with the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission in connection with the transaction as appropriate.

       
The Communications Act.
The Communications Act of 1934 prohibits the
transfer, assignment or disposal in any manner of any construction permit or
station license or any related rights, to any person without approval from the
Federal Communications Commission.
The Federal Communications Commission will
approve a transfer of control if it serves the public convenience, interest and
necessity.
We will seek the necessary approval from the Federal Communications
Commission for the transfer of control of licenses held by Pepco, Starpower,
Delmarva, Atlantic City Electric, and Conectiv Communications, Inc.

   Other.
We are not aware of any material governmental consents or approvals
that are required prior to the parties' consummation of the transaction other
that those described above.
Under the terms of the merger agreement, HoldCo,
Pepco and Conectiv have each agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to
obtain all regulatory approvals, consents and clearances required for the
transaction.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The description of the merger agreement set forth below highlights important
terms of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A.
This description does not purport to be
complete and it may not include all the information that interests you.
We urge
you to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety.


Effects of the Transaction

   On the fifth business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
to the transaction as set forth in the merger agreement, the closing of the
transaction will occur.
The time of the closing of the mergers in the
transaction is referred to as the effective time.
At the effective time, the
Pepco Merger will occur, in which Merger Sub A will be merged with and into
Pepco in accordance with the applicable provisions of the laws of the
Commonwealth of Virginia and the District of Columbia, and Pepco will be the
surviving corporation and will continue its corporate existence under the laws
of the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Virginia.
In the Pepco
Merger, holders of Pepco common stock will receive one share of HoldCo common
stock for each share of Pepco common stock that they hold.
No shares of Pepco
preferred stock will be exchanged in the Pepco Merger and any shares of Pepco
preferred stock that were issued and outstanding before the Pepco Merger will
remain issued and outstanding following the Pepco Merger.
As a result of the
Pepco Merger, Pepco will become a subsidiary of HoldCo.
See "The Transaction--
What Stockholders Will Receive" on page 27.

   
Also at the effective time, the Conectiv Merger will occur, in which Merger
Sub B will be merged with and into Conectiv in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware, and Conectiv will be the surviving corporation and will
continue its existence under the laws of the State of Delaware.
In the Conectiv
Merger, stockholders of Conectiv will receive shares of HoldCo or cash for each
share of Conectiv stock that they own.
As a result of the Conectiv Merger,
Conectiv will become a subsidiary of HoldCo.
See "The Transaction--What
Stockholders Will Receive" on page 27.

   
At the effective time, all shares of Pepco common stock and Conectiv stock
that are held by any of Pepco, Conectiv or their subsidiaries will be cancelled
and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be paid for any of these
shares.
In addition, all shares of HoldCo common stock that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will also be canceled, and
no consideration will be delivered in exchange for them.

   
As part of the closing of the transaction, the merger agreement provides
that the parties will file articles of merger with the State Corporation
Commission of Virginia and the Mayor of the District of Columbia with respect
to the Pepco Merger, and a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware with respect to the Conectiv Merger, as prescribed by the
laws of Virginia, District of Columbia and Delaware, respectively.
The mergers
will become effective simultaneously and at the time that Pepco and Conectiv
specify in the certificate of merger and articles of merger.


Procedure for Stockholder Elections

   Stockholders of Pepco do not need to make any election regarding the
consideration payable to them, as they will automatically be entitled to
receive one share of HoldCo common stock for each share of Pepco common stock
which they own.

   
Holders of shares of Conectiv stock (other than shares held by Pepco,
Conectiv or any of their subsidiaries, which will be canceled in the
transaction) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the election date (as
described below) will be entitled, subject to the limitations described below,
to choose one of the consideration options listed below, on their form of
election:

  .
to receive HoldCo common stock as consideration for each share of
    Conectiv stock that they own;

  .  
to receive cash as consideration for each share of Conectiv stock that
     they own; or

  .  
to receive cash for some of the shares of Conectiv stock that they own
     and to receive HoldCo common stock for some of the shares of Conectiv
     stock that they own.

   
A form of election and complete instructions for properly making an election
to receive cash, stock or a combination of cash and stock will be mailed to
stockholders under separate cover not more than 60 and not less than 20
business days before the election date.
If a stockholder does not make any
election as to the form of consideration he or she wishes to receive, or if
Pepco or the exchange agent determines, in its discretion, that an election has
not been properly made, then those shares may receive cash or stock
consideration, as Pepco may determine.


Limits on Cash and Stock Consideration and Allocation Rules

   The aggregate total number of shares of Conectiv stock to be converted into
the right to receive cash consideration in the transaction will be equal to 50%
(which we refer to as the Required Cash Number), and the aggregate total number
of shares of Conectiv stock to be converted into the right to receive
consideration of HoldCo common stock in the transaction will be equal to 50%
(which we refer to as the Required Stock Number), in each case of the total
number of shares of Conectiv stock issued and outstanding immediately before
the effective time of the transaction.
Pepco stockholders will receive one
share of HoldCo common stock for each share of Pepco common stock they own
without regard to any allocation or proration procedures.

   
For the purpose of calculation under these allocation rules, one share of
Conectiv Class A common stock will be counted as equal to 0.86757 shares of
Conectiv common stock.
(See "How the Merger Consideration for the Conectiv
Class A Common Stock Was Determined" on page 28.)

   Because of the limitations on the number of shares of Conectiv stock to be
exchanged for the right to receive cash consideration and stock consideration
under the election and allocation procedures described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, no assurance can be given that holders of Conectiv stock
will receive the form of cash or stock consideration they have elected to
receive.

   
Allocation of Cash Available for Election.
In the event that the aggregate
number of shares of Conectiv stock in respect of which cash elections are
received is greater than 50% of the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv
stock issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of the
transaction, then:

  (1)  all shares of Conectiv stock as to which stockholders elect to receive
       HoldCo common stock as consideration, and all shares of Conectiv stock
       as to which no election is made, will be exchanged for HoldCo common
       stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares;

  (2)  a proration factor will be determined by dividing the aggregate number
       of shares of Conectiv stock for which cash elections were made by the
       Required Cash Number, and then the number of shares of Conectiv stock
       covered by each form of election as to which a cash election was made
       will be multiplied by this proration factor, with the resulting number
       of these shares receiving cash consideration; and

  (3)  the remaining shares of Conectiv stock not exchanged for cash under
       number (2) above will be exchanged for HoldCo common stock and cash in
       lieu of fractional shares.

   
Allocation of HoldCo
Common Stock Available for Election.
The merger
agreement provides that 50% of the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv stock
issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of the transaction
will be converted into HoldCo common stock consideration.
In the event that the
aggregate number of shares of Conectiv stock in respect of which stock
elections are received is greater than 50% of the aggregate number of shares of
Conectiv stock issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of
the transaction, then:

  (1)  all shares of Conectiv stock as to which stockholders elect to receive
       cash as consideration, and all shares of Conectiv stock as to which no
       election is made, will be exchanged for cash consideration;

  (2)  a proration factor will be determined by dividing the aggregate number
       of shares of Conectiv stock for which stock elections were made by the
       Required Stock Number, and then the number of shares of Conectiv stock
       covered by each form of election as to which a stock election was made
       will be multiplied by this proration factor, with the resulting number
       of these shares receiving stock consideration; and

  (3)  the remaining shares of Conectiv stock not exchanged for HoldCo common
       stock under number (2) above will be exchanged for cash consideration.

   
As a result of the above-described proration, the amount of cash and stock
received by Conectiv stockholders may differ from their actual elections, and
no assurance can be given that holders of Conectiv stock will receive the
amount of cash or stock consideration they have elected to receive.
Therefore,
if HoldCo common stock is oversubscribed, a stockholder of Conectiv who elected
to receive some or all of his or her consideration in HoldCo common stock will
receive less HoldCo common stock than he or she elected.
If cash is
oversubscribed, a stockholder of Conectiv who elected to receive some or all of
his or her consideration in cash will receive less cash than he or she elected.


Exchange of Stock Certificates and Payment of Cash

   Exchange Agent.
Prior to the effective time, Pepco will appoint a bank or
trust company as the exchange and paying agent in connection with the
transaction.
The exchange agent will handle the exchange of certificates and
the payment of all consideration in connection with the transaction.
At or
prior to the effective time, Pepco and HoldCo will deposit with the exchange
agent sufficient cash and certificates representing HoldCo common stock to make
all payments and deliveries under the merger agreement.

   
Exchange Procedures.
Prior to the effective time, Pepco will prepare a form
of election which will be mailed by the exchange agent to the record holders of
Conectiv common stock and
Conectiv Class A common stock not more than 60 nor
less than 20 business days prior to the election date (as described below).
The
exchange agent will use reasonable efforts to make a form of election available
to all persons who become stockholders of Conectiv between the record date and
the date that is two business days before the effective date (which we refer to
as the election date).
The form of election will be used by each of these
stockholders to indicate the form of consideration which he or she wishes to
receive for the shares of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common
stock which he or she holds.
Stockholders may indicate that they wish to
receive cash, shares of HoldCo common stock or a combination of cash and stock.

Shares as to which no valid form of election is received, or shares as to which
the stockholder indicates no preference as to the type of consideration, will
be deemed to have elected cash or shares of HoldCo common stock as determined
by Pepco.

   
Conectiv stockholders will have until the election date to return the
completed and signed form of election, together with the certificates that
represent the stock of Conectiv to which the form of election relates, to the
exchange agent.
To be effective, a form of election must be:

  .  properly completed and signed by the stockholder of record;

  .  
accompanied by certificates for the Conectiv stock for which the
     election is being made (duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in form
     acceptable for transfer on the books of Conectiv, or by an appropriate
     guarantee of delivery); and

  .  
delivered to the exchange agent before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on
     the date specified in the form of election.

   
Stockholders may revoke their elections by sending written notice to the
exchange agent before the deadline for submitting elections.
Upon any such
revocation, the certificates (or delivery guarantees) covered by

the election will be promptly returned.
Pepco (and, at Pepco's option, the
exchange agent) will have the discretion to determine whether forms of election
have been properly completed, signed and submitted or revoked and to disregard
immaterial defects in forms of election.

   
Within five days of the effective time, the exchange agent will mail to all
holders of Pepco common stock and to those holders of Conectiv common stock and
Conectiv Class A common stock who did not return a properly executed and
complete form of election:

  .  
a letter of transmittal for use in submitting shares to the exchange
     agent for exchange; and

  .  
instructions explaining what the stockholder must do to effect the
     surrender of Pepco and/or Conectiv certificates in exchange for
     consideration to be issued in the transaction.

   
Pepco stockholders, and any Conectiv stockholder who has not already
submitted all of his or her certificates accompanied by a form of election,
should complete and sign the letter of transmittal and return it to the
exchange agent together with such certificates in accordance with the
instructions.
Stockholders who hold shares through a nominee (for example, if
their shares of common stock are held by a broker as nominee) will not need to
request that certificates be issued.
Those stockholders will need to make their
elections in the same time period and will receive separate instructions at
that time.

   
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
If certificates for any Pepco or
Conectiv stock have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the stockholder must submit
an affidavit to that effect to the exchange agent.
HoldCo may also require the
stockholder to deliver a bond to the exchange agent in an amount reasonably
required to indemnify the exchange agent against claims with respect to lost
certificates.

   
Transfer of Ownership.
The exchange agent will issue a certificate for
shares of HoldCo common stock in a name other than that in which the Pepco or
Conectiv certificate surrendered in exchange therefor was registered only if
the certificate surrendered is properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form
for transfer.
The person requesting the exchange must also have paid any
required transfer or other taxes or established to the satisfaction of the
exchange agent that no tax is payable.

   Payments Following Surrender.
After the effective time, each stockholder who
has surrendered his or her certificates to the exchange agent with the letter
of transmittal, or, in the case of Conectiv stockholders, possibly with the
form of election, will be entitled to receive the merger consideration, which
will consist of a certificate representing, in the aggregate, the whole number
of shares of HoldCo common stock that that stockholder has the right to receive
under the merger agreement and/or a check in an amount equal to any cash that
such holder has the right to receive as consideration for his or her shares of
Conectiv stock plus, in the case of Conectiv stockholders, any cash that such
holder has the right to receive as payment for fractional shares of HoldCo
common stock.
Also upon such surrender of certificates, the stockholder will be
entitled to receive payment for the amount of dividends or other distributions
with a record date before the effective time that have already been paid with
respect to whole shares of HoldCo common stock.
These stockholders will also be
paid, on the appropriate payment date the amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the effective time but prior to
surrender, and a payment date subsequent to surrender, payable with respect to
such whole shares of HoldCo common stock.
No interest will be paid or will
accrue on any cash payable under the merger agreement.

   
Stockholders should not forward certificates to Pepco or Conectiv at any
time.
Stockholders should not forward certificates to the exchange agent until
they have received a form of election or letter of transmittal.
Stockholders
should not return certificates with the enclosed proxy.
A form of election and
complete instructions for properly making an election to receive cash, HoldCo
common stock or a combination of cash and stock will be mailed to Conectiv
stockholders under separate cover not more than 60 days nor less than 20 days
before the anticipated election date (which is two business days before the
anticipated effective time), and a letter of transmittal will be mailed to
Pepco stockholders and to Conectiv stockholders who did not return a

properly executed and complete form of election, within five days of the
effective time.
The effective time is currently anticipated to be in the first
quarter of 2002.


Representations and Warranties of Pepco and Conectiv

   In the merger agreement, each of Pepco and Conectiv makes representations
and warranties about itself and its business in favor of the other party.
These
representations and warranties relate to such matters as:

  .  
the organization of the parties and their subsidiaries and similar
     corporate matters;

  .  
the parties' capital structures;

  .  
authorization, execution, delivery, performance and enforceability of
     the merger agreement and related matters;

  .  
absence of breach or conflict and compliance with applicable laws,
     regulations, organizational documents, agreements and other existing
     obligations;

  .  
regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;

  .  
reports and financial statements filed with the SEC and accuracy of the
     information contained therein;

  .  
absence of material adverse changes and the non-occurrence of certain
     events;

  .  
approval of the transaction by the respective party's board of
     directors;

  .  
rights plans;

  .  
votes required to adopt the merger agreement;

  .  
non-applicability of certain takeover provisions to the transaction;

  .  brokers' and finders' fees incurred in connection with the transaction;

  .  
opinions of Credit Suisse First Boston and Merrill Lynch;

  .  
regulation as a utility and regulation under the 1935 Act;

  .  
tax matters;

  .  
retirement and other employee benefit plans, and matters relating to the
     Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;

  .  
litigation;

  .  
environmental compliance and liability;

  .  
beneficial ownership or holding by either Pepco or Conectiv of common
     shares, or rights to acquire common shares, issued by the other party;

  .  
intellectual property;

  .  
insurance;

  .  
with respect to Conectiv, nuclear operation and Nuclear Regulatory
     Commission actions;

  .  
with respect to Conectiv, commodity matters;

  .  
with respect to Pepco, matters related to HoldCo; and

  .  
with respect to Pepco, sufficiency of funds to complete the transaction.

Covenants Relating to the Conduct of Business Before the Effective Time

   Ordinary Course of Business.
In the merger agreement, each of Pepco and
Conectiv has agreed that, pending the completion of the transaction, each of
them and their subsidiaries will carry on their businesses in

the usual, regular and ordinary course consistent with past practice and will
use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their present
business organizations and goodwill, preserve the goodwill and relationships
with customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with them and
(subject to prudent management of their workforces and on-going programs
currently in force) keep available the services of their present officers and
employees, to the end that their goodwill and ongoing businesses shall not be
impaired in any material respect at the effective time.

   
Conectiv Covenants.
Under the merger agreement, during the period from
February 9, 2001 until the effective time, Conectiv has agreed as to itself and
its subsidiaries that, except as contemplated or permitted by the merger
agreement or as required by a governmental entity or by applicable law, rule or
regulation, or to the extent that Pepco consents in writing (which consent is
not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld), Conectiv and each of its
subsidiaries will be subject to customary restrictions for the conduct of its
business as to, among other things:

  .  
changes in lines of business;

  .  
investments;

  .  dividends and distributions;

  .  
changes in capital structure;

  .  
issuances of securities;

  .  
organizational documents;

  .  acquisitions;

  .  
dispositions of assets;

  .  
incurrence of guarantees or indebtedness;

  .  
material contracts;

  .  
capital expenditures;

  .  
employee benefit plans and similar matters;

  .  accounting matters;

  .  
rate matters and 1935 Act matters;

  .  
insurance;

  .  
actions with respect to the tax treatment of the transaction;

  .  
Conectiv's rights plan;

  .  
affiliate agreements;

  .  
third-party standstill agreements;

  .  
environmental matters;

  .  
tax matters and tax rulings; and

  .  
actions that would reasonably be expected to result in the closing
     conditions not being satisfied.


Conectiv also agrees, if requested by Pepco, to use its reasonable best efforts
to obtain certain third-party consents.

   
Pepco Covenants.
Under the merger agreement, during the period from February
9, 2001 until the effective time, Pepco has agreed as to itself and its
subsidiaries that, except as contemplated or permitted by the

merger agreement or as required by a governmental entity or by applicable law,
rule or regulation, or to the extent that Conectiv consents in writing (which
consent is not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld), Pepco and each of its
subsidiaries will be subject to customary restrictions for the conduct of its
business as to, among other things:

  .  dividends and distributions;

  .  
changes in capital structure;

  .  
issuances of securities;

  .  
organizational documents;

  .  acquisitions;

  .  
dispositions of assets;

  .  
incurrence of guarantees or indebtedness;

  .  accounting matters;

  .  
1935 Act matters;

  .  
insurance;

  .  
actions with respect to the tax treatment of the transaction;

  .  
acquisition of other entities;

  .  
activities of HoldCo, Merger Sub A and Merger Sub B;

  .  
actions that would reasonably be expected to result in the closing
     conditions not being satisfied; and

  .  actions that could reasonably be expected to materially delay or impede
     the transaction.

   
Additional Covenants.
Conectiv and Pepco have also agreed to several other
covenants for the conduct of their actions prior to the effective time.
Among
these are that, subject to applicable laws and regulations:

  .  
Conectiv will confer with, and report to, Pepco on operational matters;

  .  
Conectiv and Pepco will file all reports required to be filed by each of
     them with the SEC and other governmental entities between February 9,
     2001 and the effective time and will deliver to the other party copies
     of all these documents;

  .  
each party will have the right to review in advance, and will consult
     with the other with respect to, all the information relating to the
     other party and each of their respective subsidiaries, which appears in
     any filings, announcements or publications made with, or written
     materials submitted to, any third party or any governmental entity in
     connection with the transaction;

  .  
Conectiv and Pepco will each appoint one or more representatives to a
     committee that will be responsible for coordinating transition planning
     and implementation relating to the transaction; and

  .  
Conectiv, HoldCo and Pepco will coordinate with each other the
     declaration, setting of record dates and payment of dividends on capital
     stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv's subsidiaries so that holders of
     capital stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv's subsidiaries do not
     receive dividends on either both or none of the capital stock of
     Conectiv or any of Conectiv's subsidiaries and HoldCo common stock
     received in the transaction in respect of any calendar quarter.

   
In addition, each of Pepco and Conectiv may, with respect to the quarter in
which the effective time occurs, pay a special dividend with respect to each
class of its common stock in an amount consisting of the pro rata portion of
the dividend which it would be permitted to pay had the effective time not
occurred in that quarter, payable for the period from and including the first
day of such quarter through, but not including, the day of the effective time.


Acquisition Proposals

   Negotiations and Provision of Information.
Under the merger agreement,
Conectiv has agreed that it will immediately cease any existing discussions or
negotiations, if any, with any parties with respect to any proposal for
Conectiv to engage in any merger, recapitalization, consolidation, business
combination, sale of 15% or more of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, sale of 15% or more of the shares of capital
stock of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries whose assets constitute 15% or
more of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or similar or comparable transactions involving Conectiv or any of its
subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement.

We refer to any such proposal as an Acquisition Proposal.
Conectiv agrees not
to solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries
or the making of any proposal or offer with respect to an Acquisition Proposal,
and not to engage in negotiations or discussions concerning, or provide any
non-public information to any entity relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

   
The Conectiv Board may, however, furnish information to, or engage in
discussions or negotiations with, any person in response to an unsolicited bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal of that person if, and only to the extent
that, the Conectiv Board determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside legal counsel, that such action is reasonably necessary for the
Conectiv Board to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties under
applicable law.

   
Superior Proposal.
If a third party makes a bona fide written proposal for
Conectiv to engage in any merger, recapitalization, consolidation, business
combination, sale of a majority of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, sale of a majority of the shares of capital
stock of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries whose assets constitute a majority
of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or similar or comparable transactions involving Conectiv or any of its
subsidiaries, that the Conectiv Board concludes in good faith (after
consultation with its financial advisor and legal counsel), taking into account
all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the
person making the proposal, would, if consummated, result in a transaction that
is more favorable to Conectiv's stockholders (in their capacities as
stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and is reasonably capable of being
completed (which we refer to as a Superior Proposal), then the Conectiv Board
may approve the Superior Proposal and terminate the merger agreement, but only
if:

  .  
Conectiv first provides Pepco with a reasonable opportunity (not to
     exceed three business days) to make adjustments in the terms and
     conditions of the merger agreement sufficient to cause the Conectiv
     Board to determine that the Superior Proposal at issue no longer
     constitutes a Superior Proposal; and

  .  
Conectiv pays to Pepco a termination fee of $60 million.


Stock Options

   Under the merger agreement, Conectiv agrees to take all action reasonably
necessary so that, immediately prior to the effective time, the outstanding
stock options issued under its stock option plan will become vested and
exercisable as of the effective time and will, at the election of the holder
thereof, be either:

  .  
canceled, in which case the holder will be entitled to receive cash in
     an amount equal to the excess, if any, of $25 per share over the
     exercise price per share of the stock option, or

  .  
converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of HoldCo common
     stock that the stockholder would have received in the transaction had
     the stock option been exercised prior to the effective time.

   
The exercise price of each converted option will be adjusted to retain the
ratio between the exercise price of the option and the value of the underlying
shares of stock.
Otherwise, the terms and conditions of the converted options
will not change.
HoldCo will use its best efforts to register, and maintain the
registration of, the HoldCo common stock subject to the converted options.


Employment Related Obligations; Employee Benefits

   Following the effective time of the transaction, and subject to the other
terms of the merger agreement, HoldCo will, or will cause the appropriate
subsidiary to:

  .  
assume and honor all employment-related obligations, agreements and
     benefits plans covering current and former employees, directors and
     consultants of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries;

  .  
for at least two years after the effective time, provide each Conectiv
     employee with a base salary or wages at least equal to that provided to
     the employee immediately prior to the effective time, and provide
     benefits to these employees that are no less favorable in the aggregate
     than the benefits provided to them immediately prior to the effective
     time;

  .  
for that two-year (or, if applicable, such longer) period, provide each
     Conectiv employee with severance payments and benefits no less favorable
     than those provided under the Conectiv severance plans and policies in
     effect immediately prior to the effective time; and

  .  
for the two-year period following the effective time, not amend (other
     than to provide for the substitution of stock in connection with the
     transaction) or terminate Conectiv's supplemental retirement plan or
     deferred compensation plan.

   
Although HoldCo, Conectiv or the appropriate subsidiary will assume the
obligations described above, except for Conectiv's supplemental retirement plan
and deferred compensation plan, HoldCo, Conectiv or the appropriate subsidiary
may terminate or amend any benefit plan if such amendment or termination is
allowed under the plan, subject to satisfaction of any legal duty to bargain
with the collective bargaining representatives with respect to these matters.

   
In addition, if Conectiv's Personnel and Compensation committee decides to
distribute benefits to participants according to the participants' previous
elections in its supplemental retirement plan and deferred compensation plan
upon termination of employment or service following the effective time, Pepco,
HoldCo or Conectiv will, to the extent Conectiv has not already done so,
contribute cash to a grantor trust or trusts maintained by an independent
institutional trustee, as soon as practicable after the effective time of the
transaction, in an amount not less than the value, as of the effective time, of
all participants' benefits under the supplemental retirement plan and the
deferred compensation plan, as determined by Conectiv's actuary.

   
With respect to any Conectiv benefit plans in which Conectiv employees
participate after the effective time, HoldCo will, or will cause Conectiv or
the appropriate subsidiary to:

  .  
if either satisfied or inapplicable under Conectiv's benefit plans
     immediately before the effective time, waive limitations as to pre-
     existing conditions, exclusions and waiting periods related to
     participation and coverage of Conectiv's employees under any benefit
     plan in which these employees may participate after the effective time;

  .  
provide each Conectiv employee with credit for any co-payments and
     deductibles paid prior to the effective time; and

  .  
if recognized under a comparable Conectiv benefit plan immediately
     before the effective time, recognize Conectiv's employees' service with
     Conectiv and its current and former affiliates for all purposes in
     benefit plans in which these employees may be eligible to participate
     after the effective time, unless it would result in a duplication of
     benefits that is neither contemplated in a HoldCo plan, agreement or
     arrangement nor approved by HoldCo.


Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance

   With certain limitations and restrictions, the merger agreement provides
that, for a period of six years following the effective time, HoldCo and
Conectiv (as the surviving corporation in the Conectiv Merger) will,

jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law, any person who was an officer, director or
employee of Conectiv and its subsidiaries at the effective time against all
claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees,
costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred in
connection with any claim, action, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to the
fact that the person is or was an officer, director or employee of Conectiv or
any of its subsidiaries or matters existing or occurring at or prior to the
effective time, whenever these claims, actions, etc. were asserted or claimed.

   
The persons who receive this indemnification may not settle any claim
without the prior approval of HoldCo, and will be entitled to advancement of
expenses incurred in the defense of any claim, action, proceeding or
investigation; provided that any person to whom these expenses are advanced
must provide an undertaking, to the extent required by the Delaware General
Corporation Law, to repay these advances if it is ultimately determined that
this person is not entitled to indemnification.

   
In addition, HoldCo has agreed to cause Conectiv (as the surviving
corporation in the Conectiv Merger):

  .  
to maintain in effect, for a period of six years after the effective
     time, in its certificate of incorporation and bylaws the current
     provisions regarding elimination of liability of directors and
     indemnification of, and advancement of expenses to, officers, directors
     and employees contained in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws
     of Conectiv; and

  .  
at the election of HoldCo, for a period of six years after the effective
     time, either:

   .  
to maintain in effect the current policies of directors' and officers'
      liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by
      Conectiv, or

   .  to provide tail coverage for persons covered by current policies of
      directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
      insurance maintained by Conectiv which will provide coverage for a
      period of six years for acts prior to the effective time on terms no
      less favorable than the terms of such current insurance coverage.


Additional Agreements

   Reasonable Best Efforts.
The parties have agreed as to themselves and their
subsidiaries that, subject to the terms and conditions of the merger
agreement, they will use their reasonable best efforts to take all actions and
do all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and
regulations to consummate the transaction as soon as practicable, including
the obtaining of regulatory approvals.

   
Pepco's Stock Buyback Program.
Prior to the effective time, Pepco will not
rescind, or modify in a manner adverse to Conectiv, its program to repurchase
up to $450 million of Pepco common stock.
In addition, Pepco agrees to
implement such program in good faith consistent with past practices and
subject to its reasonable business judgment.

   
The HoldCo Board.
At or prior to the effective time, the HoldCo Board will
elect, effective immediately following the effective time, at least two
persons who were members of the Conectiv Board prior to the effective time.

Those directors will be chosen by the mutual agreement of Pepco and Conectiv.

   Significant Presence and Community Support.
The merger agreement provides
that Pepco intends that Conectiv, after the effective time, will maintain a
significant presence in Wilmington, Delaware.
In addition, after the effective
time, Conectiv will provide charitable contributions and community support at
comparable levels as have been provided before the effective time within
Conectiv's and its subsidiaries' service areas.


Conditions to the Transaction

   Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Transaction.
Unless
waived in writing, the obligations of the parties to complete the transaction
are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

  .  
the stockholders of each of Conectiv and Pepco have, respectively,
     adopted and approved the merger agreement and the related transactions;

  .  
no federal, state, local or foreign, if any, law, statute, regulation,
     code, ordinance or decree has been adopted or promulgated, and no
     temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or
     other order issued by a court or other governmental entity of competent
     jurisdiction is in effect, and has the effect of making the transaction
     illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the transaction;

  .  
the parties have obtained the required statutory approvals, which have
     become final orders, and no final order imposes terms or conditions that
     would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect (as
     defined below) on HoldCo (giving effect to the transaction);

  .  
the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has been terminated or
     has expired;

  .  
the shares of HoldCo common stock to be issued or reserved for issuance
     in, or in connection with, the transaction have been approved upon
     official notice of issuance for listing on NYSE; and

  .  
this joint proxy statement/registration statement has been declared
     effective and the SEC has not threatened, initiated or taken any action
     suspending the effectiveness of this joint proxy statement/registration
     statement.

   
Under the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means, with respect to
any entity, any change or effect that would be materially adverse to the
business, financial condition or results of operations of such entity and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any change or effect resulting from
the following:

  .  
changes in economic conditions;

  .  
the announcement and performance of the merger agreement and compliance
     with its covenants;

  .  
changes or developments in the industries in which such entity and its
     subsidiaries operate;

  .  
any failure to consummate the transactions contemplated by any of the
     agreements specified by Conectiv; or

  .  
certain other specified items.

   
Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Pepco.
The obligations of Pepco
to complete the transaction are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the following additional conditions:

  .  
the representations and warranties of Conectiv in the merger agreement
     are correct as of the closing date or at the earlier date to which they
     relate, as applicable, unless the failure of all the representations and
     warranties that are not qualified as to having a material adverse effect
     have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect;

  .  
Conectiv has performed or complied in all material respects with all
     material agreements and covenants required to be performed by it under
     the merger agreement prior to the closing date;

  .  
Pepco has received from LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P., counsel
     to Pepco, a written opinion dated as of the closing date that the
     transaction will be treated for federal income tax purposes as
     transactions described in Section 351 of the Code;

  .  
no material adverse effect on Conectiv has occurred and no fact or
     circumstance exists which would reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on Conectiv; and

  .  
with respect to certain of the statutory approvals required for the
     transaction from the state commissions where only Conectiv has regulated
     operations, these approvals shall have become final orders and no

   final order has imposed terms and conditions that would reasonably be
   expected to result in a material adverse effect on Conectiv.

   Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Conectiv.
The obligations of
Conectiv to complete the transaction are also subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following additional conditions:

  .  
the representations and warranties of Pepco in the merger agreement are
     correct as of the closing date or at the earlier date to which they
     relate, as applicable, unless the failure of all the representations and
     warranties that are not qualified as to having a material adverse effect
     have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect;

  .  
Pepco has performed or complied in all material respects with all
     material agreements and covenants required to be performed by it under
     the merger agreement prior to the closing date;

  .  
Conectiv has received from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to
     Conectiv, a written opinion dated as of the closing date that the
     transaction, will be treated for federal income tax purposes as
     transactions described in Section 351 of the Code; and

  .  
no material adverse effect has occurred on Pepco and no fact or
     circumstance exists which would reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on Pepco.


Termination

   Pepco and Conectiv each have the right to terminate the merger agreement,
whether before or after the stockholders have adopted the merger agreement,
under the following circumstances:

  .  
by mutual written consent;

  .  
if the transaction has not been completed by August 9, 2002, so long as
     the delay has not been caused by a failure of the party seeking
     termination to fulfill its obligations under the merger agreement.
If
     all closing conditions are satisfied or able to be satisfied on August
     9, 2002, other than the receipt of the required statutory approvals, but
     the receipt of these approvals is being pursued diligently and in good
     faith, then the date for termination will be extended to February 9,
     2003;

  .  
if any governmental entity has issued an order, decree or ruling or has
     taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
     prohibiting the transaction, and this order, decree, ruling or other
     action has become final and nonappealable, unless this action by the
     governmental entity was to any extent caused by the failure of the party
     seeking termination to fulfill its obligations in the merger agreement
     to work with these governmental entities to permit the transaction to be
     completed; or

  .  
if the stockholders of either party do not adopt or approve the merger
     agreement at their duly held meetings of stockholders.

   
In addition, Pepco has the right to terminate the merger agreement under the
following circumstances:

  .  
if the Conectiv Board withdraws, or modifies in any manner adverse to
     Pepco, its approval of the merger agreement, approves or recommends an
     Acquisition Proposal or resolves to take any of those actions; or

  .  
if a material breach of Conectiv's representations, warranties,
     covenants or agreements in the merger agreement has occurred such that
     Conectiv would not satisfy its closing conditions under the merger
     agreement before August 9, 2002 (or, if applicable, February 9, 2003)
     and this breach has not been remedied within 30 business days after
     Conectiv receives notice in writing from Pepco specifying the nature of
     such breach and requesting that it be remedied, as long as at that time
     Pepco, HoldCo, Merger Sub A and Merger Sub B are not in material breach
     of any of Pepco's representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
     contained in the merger agreement.

   
In addition, Conectiv has the right to terminate the merger agreement under
the following circumstances:

  .  
if the Conectiv Board approves a Superior Proposal, as long as Conectiv
     first provides Pepco with a reasonable opportunity to make adjustments
     in the terms and conditions of the merger agreement sufficient to cause
     the Conectiv Board to determine that the Superior Proposal no longer
     constitutes a Superior Proposal and Conectiv pays Pepco the termination
     fee described below;

  .  
if a material breach of Pepco's, HoldCo's, Merger Sub A's and Merger Sub
     B's representations, warranties, covenants or agreements in the merger
     agreement has occurred such that the Pepco would not satisfy its closing
     conditions under the merger agreement before August 9, 2002 (or, if
     applicable, February 9, 2003) and this breach has not been remedied
     within 30 business days after Pepco receives notice in writing from
     Conectiv specifying the nature of such breach and requesting that it be
     remedied, as long as at that time Conectiv is not in material breach of
     any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
     contained in the merger agreement;

  .  
if the Pepco Board withdraws, or modifies in any manner adverse to
     Conectiv, its approval of the merger agreement or resolves to take any
     of those actions; or

  .  
if the Average Final Price is less than $16.50, as long as Conectiv
     first gives Pepco written notice of Conectiv's intent to terminate for
     this reason at any time during the three-business day period starting on
     the date on which the Average Final Price was determined, following
     which Pepco has two business days to, at its option, supplement the
     stock portion of the merger consideration by either (i) adjusting the
     exchange ratio so as to provide holders of Conectiv stock with a value
     of $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock and $18.35 per share of
     Conectiv Class A common stock or (ii) maintaining the exchange ratio and
     paying additional cash consideration to Conectiv stockholders entitled
     to receive HoldCo common stock so that they receive a total value of
     $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock and $18.35 per share of
     Conectiv Class A common stock, or (iii) doing a combination of (i) and
     (ii), provided that any such combination must be in the same proportion
     with respect to the Conectiv common stock and the Conectiv Class A
     common stock.
See "The Transaction--Conectiv "Walk-Away' Right and Pepco
     "Top-Up' Right" on page 31.

   
Effect of Termination.
If the merger agreement is terminated, there will be
no liability or obligation on the part of Pepco or Conectiv or any of their
officers or directors, except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement
and as described below under "--Termination Fees."
Nothing, however, will
relieve any party from liability for a willful breach of the merger agreement.

   
Termination Fees.
Under the merger agreement, termination fees are payable
in the following circumstances:

  .  
If Conectiv terminates the merger agreement due to the Conectiv Board's
     approval of a Superior Proposal, Conectiv will be obligated to pay a
     termination fee of $60 million to Pepco.

  .  
If Conectiv or Pepco terminate the merger agreement due to the failure
     of Conectiv's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement, at any time
     after February 9, 2001 and at or before the time of the Conectiv
     stockholders' meeting, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal (with the
     replacement of "15%" with "35%" in the definition of Acquisition
     Proposal) has been made public and has not been withdrawn and, within 12
     months of the termination of the merger agreement, Conectiv enters into
     a definitive agreement with a third party with respect to an Acquisition
     Proposal (which is subsequently consummated) or an Acquisition Proposal
     is consummated, then Conectiv will be obligated to pay a termination fee
     of $60 million to Pepco.

  .  
If Pepco terminates the merger agreement as a result of the Conectiv
     Board withdrawing or modifying its approval of the merger agreement and
     the transaction, approving or recommending an Acquisition Proposal, or
     resolving to do any of those things, so long as this action by the
     Conectiv Board giving rise to Pepco's termination right was not caused
     by Pepco entering into a definitive agreement with respect to

   a Pepco Transaction that could reasonably be expected to materially delay
   or impede the consummation of the transaction, then Conectiv will be
   obligated to pay a termination fee of $60 million to Pepco.

  .  
If Conectiv or Pepco terminate the merger agreement due to the failure
     of Pepco's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement, at any time after
     February 9, 2001 and at or before the time of the Pepco stockholders'
     meeting a bona fide proposal with respect to a Pepco Transaction has
     been made public and not withdrawn and, within 12 months of the
     termination of merger agreement, Pepco enters into a definitive
     agreement with a third party with respect to a Pepco Transaction (which
     is subsequently consummated) or a Pepco Transaction is consummated, then
     Pepco will be obligated to pay a termination fee of $60 million to
     Conectiv.

  .  
If Conectiv terminates the merger agreement as a result of the Pepco
     Board withdrawing or modifying its approval of the merger agreement and
     the transaction, or resolving to do any of those things, then Pepco will
     be obligated to pay a termination fee of $60 million to Conectiv.


Amendment and Waiver

   Amendment.
The merger agreement may be amended by Pepco, Conectiv and
HoldCo at any time before or after the stockholders of Pepco and Conectiv
adopt the merger agreement.
However, after these stockholder approvals, if any
laws or rules of any relevant stock exchange require additional stockholder
approval for an amendment, then such an amendment may not be made without that
approval.

   
Extension; Waiver.
At any time prior to the effective time, the parties
may:

  .  
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
     acts of the other parties;

  .  
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
     other parties; and

  .  
waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in
     the merger agreement.

   
The failure of any party to the merger agreement to assert any of its
rights under the merger agreement will not constitute a waiver of those
rights.

                APPROVAL OF THE HOLDCO LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

   In connection with the transaction, the HoldCo Board has adopted the HoldCo
Long-Term Incentive Plan (which we refer to in this section as the Plan).
The
Plan is being submitted for approval to the stockholders of Pepco and the
stockholders of Conectiv at their respective annual meetings.
If the
transaction is completed and the Plan is approved by the stockholders of both
Pepco and Conectiv, the Plan will become effective on the closing date of the
transaction.


Description of the Plan

   The continuing growth and development and financial success of HoldCo and
its subsidiaries will be dependent upon ensuring the best possible management.

The HoldCo Board believes that the Plan will be an important aid to HoldCo in
attracting and retaining individuals of outstanding abilities and in rewarding
them for the continued profitable performance of HoldCo and its subsidiaries.
A
summary of the material provisions of the Plan is set forth below.
Please read
this information in conjunction with the full text of the Plan, which is
attached as Annex I to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   
Objective.
The objective of the Plan is to increase stockholder value by
providing a long-term incentive to reward officers, key employees, and
directors of HoldCo and its subsidiaries for the profitable performance of
HoldCo and its subsidiaries, and to increase the ownership of HoldCo common
stock by such individuals.

   
Term of the Plan.
The Plan has a term of ten years, commencing at the
effective time, but may be terminated earlier by the HoldCo Board.

   
Shares Available under the Plan.
The total number of shares of HoldCo common
stock for which awards may be granted to participants under the Plan is
10,000,000.
If an award lapses or the participant's rights with respect to an
award otherwise terminate, the shares of HoldCo common stock subject to the
award will again be available for future awards under the Plan.
The shares of
HoldCo common stock available for awards under the plan may consist of
authorized and unissued shares, shares held in treasury, or shares purchased in
the open market (including private purchases).

   Administration.
The Plan provides that it will be administered by a
committee of the HoldCo Board (which we refer to as the Committee), but
generally allows the HoldCo Board in its entirety, in its discretion, to assume
responsibility for any of the functions for which the Committee is responsible
under the terms of the Plan, except in the case of awards that are intended to
satisfy the requirements of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.
In
addition, the HoldCo Board has retained the sole authority and discretion to
modify the provision of the Plan that provides for an annual grant to the non-
employee directors of HoldCo of an option to purchase 1,000 shares of HoldCo
common stock.
Subject to these qualifications, the Plan gives the Committee
broad authority to determine the persons to whom, and the times at which,
awards will be granted, expire, or lapse, the types of awards to be granted,
the number of shares of HoldCo common stock to be covered by each award, and
all other terms and conditions for awards granted under the Plan.
After awards
are made, the Committee also is responsible for all questions of interpretation
and application of the Plan.


Eligible Participants

   Under the Plan, the Committee from time to time, in its sole discretion, may
make awards to officers or key employees of HoldCo and its subsidiaries
selected by the Committee and may grant awards in the form of nonqualified
stock options to the non-employee directors of HoldCo.
In addition, in
accordance with the terms of the Plan, each non-employee director of HoldCo
will receive annually, on or about May 1 of each year, a nonqualified stock
option to purchase 1,000 shares of HoldCo common stock.
The Pepco Board
anticipates that immediately following the effectiveness of the Plan
approximately     officers and key employees of HoldCo and approximately
non-employee directors of HoldCo would be eligible to participate in the Plan.

   
Awards.
The Plan provides for the granting of the following types of awards:

   Restricted Stock.
An award of restricted stock consists of shares of HoldCo
common stock that the grantee is prohibited from transferring until the lapse
of a restriction period and that are subject to forfeiture if the condition to
the vesting of the shares is not satisfied.
Receipt of a restricted stock award
does not require a payment by the grantee.
The Committee establishes the terms
and conditions of each grant, including the restriction period (which will be
not less than one and not more than ten years), whether dividends will be paid
currently or accumulated, and the form of any dividend payment.

   
The vesting of a restricted stock award may be conditioned on the completion
of a specified period of service (which we refer to as a service-based award)
or on the attainment, during a performance period, of one or more performance
objectives (which we refer to as a performance-based award).
The performance
objectives for performance-based awards, which may vary from participant to
participant, will be based on such performance criteria or combination of
factors, as the Committee deems appropriate.
In the case of a performance-based
restricted stock award that is intended to satisfy the requirements of section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the vesting of the award may be based, in
the sole discretion of the Committee, on one or more business criteria that
relate to the individual grantee, groups of individuals, a product or service
line, a business unit, a division, or a subsidiary of HoldCo or HoldCo as a
whole, individually or in any combination.
The performance goals will consist
of any one or more of the following:

  .  
gross, operating or net earnings before or after income taxes;

  .  
earnings per share;

  .  
book value per share;

  .  
cash flow per share;

  .  
return on equity;

  .  
return on investment;

  .  
return on assets, employed assets or net assets;

  .  
total stockholder return (expressed on a dollar or percentage basis);

  .  
return on cash flow;

  .  
internal rate of return;

  .  
cash flow return on investment;

  .  
improvements in capital structure;

  .  
residual income;

  .  
gross income, profitability or net income;

  .  
price of any HoldCo security;

  .  
sales to customers (expressed on a dollar or percentage basis);

  .  
retention of customers (expressed on a dollar or percentage basis);

  .  
increase in HoldCo's or a subsidiary's customer satisfaction ratings
     (based on a survey conducted by an independent third party);

  .  
economic value added (defined to mean net operating profit minus the
     cost of capital);

  .  
market value added (defined to mean the difference between the market
     value of debt and equity, and economic book value);

  .  
market share;

  .  
level of expenses;

  .  
combined ratio;

  .  
payback period on investment; and

  .  
net present value of investment.


On completion of the restriction period and attainment of any performance
objectives, the restrictions will expire with respect to one or more shares of
restricted stock.
If target performance objectives are exceeded, the Committee
may award additional shares of HoldCo common stock to a participant.

   Options.
An option entitles the holder to purchase shares of HoldCo common
stock at an exercise price determined at the time of the grant.
Options granted
under the Plan may be either incentive stock options that are qualified under
section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (or ISOs) or options that are intended
not to qualify under that provision (or Nonqualified Options).
The grant of an
option does not require a payment by the grantee.
Options may not be granted
with an exercise price per share that is less than 100% of the fair market
value of a share of HoldCo common stock on the grant date.
The term of an
option may not exceed ten years.
In the Committee's discretion, the exercise
price may be paid in cash, shares of HoldCo common stock, or combination of the
cash and stock.

   
Performance Units.
Performance units are the right to receive a payment in
cash, HoldCo common stock, or both, upon the attainment during a performance
period of one or more performance objectives.
Receipt of a performance unit
does not require a payment by the grantee.
The performance objectives, which
may vary from participant to participant, will be based on such performance
criteria of combination of factors as the Committee deems appropriate.
In the
case of a performance unit that is intended to satisfy the requirements of
section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the performance goals are the same
as those that are set forth above for performance-based awards of restricted
stock.

   
Stock Appreciation Rights.
Stock appreciation rights (or SARs) are the right
to receive a payment equal in amount to the difference between, depending on
the terms of the SAR, either the fair market value of a share of HoldCo common
stock or the book value of a share of HoldCo common stock on the date of the
award and the date of exercise.
SARs may be awarded in conjunction with an
option or as a separate award.
Receipt of an SAR does not require a payment by
the grantee.
If an SAR is awarded in conjunction with a stock option, the
exercise of the SAR will extinguish the corresponding stock option, and vice
versa.
The term of an SAR may not exceed ten years.
The payment upon the
exercise of SARs may be made in cash, in shares of HoldCo common stock, or
both, in the Committee's discretion.

   
Dividend Equivalents.
A dividend equivalent entitles the recipient to
receive a payment in an amount equal to the dividends paid on shares of HoldCo
common stock from the date of grant until the dividend equivalent lapses.

Dividend equivalents may be granted in conjunction with an option, a separately
awarded stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance units, or
awards of additional HoldCo common stock if performance-based restricted stock
target performance objectives are exceeded.
Receipt of dividend equivalents
does not require a payment by the grantee.
Dividend equivalents lapse no later
than the date that the corresponding award lapses or is exercised.


Limitations on Performance-Based Awards to Certain Executives

   No award of performance-based restricted stock or performance units made to
a person who is, or in the opinion of the HoldCo Board or the Committee is
likely to be, a "covered employee" within the meaning of section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code (whom we refer to as a covered executive) is permitted to
exceed $3,000,000, either in cash or in fair market value of HoldCo common
stock, for any performance period.
In addition, no covered executive is
permitted to receive more than 5,000,000 in the aggregate of options, stock
appreciation rights, and shares of performance-based restricted stock over the
ten-year term of the Plan.


Consequences of a Change in Control of HoldCo

   If a participant in the Plan is terminated as an employee or director or
suffers a diminution of responsibility, authority, position, or salary
following a change in control of HoldCo, any outstanding awards held by the
participant will be affected in the following manner:

  .  
All outstanding restricted stock awards will be entitled to an
     accelerated payout that is prorated based on the number of months of the
     restricted period that have elapsed when the change in control occurs.
     
In determining the amount of the payment, the maximum performance
     achievement will be assumed.

  .  
All outstanding options or stock appreciation rights will become
     immediately exercisable.

  .  
All outstanding performance unit awards will be entitled to an
     accelerated payout that is prorated based on the number of months of the
     performance period that have elapsed when the change in control occurs,
     and assuming that the maximum performance was achieved.

   
The term "change in control" as defined by the Plan means:

  .  
the purchase or acquisition by any person, entity, or group of persons
     of beneficial ownership of 30% or more of the combined voting power of
     HoldCo's then outstanding shares of voting securities;

  .  
the approval by the stockholders of HoldCo of a merger or consolidation
     with respect to which persons who were stockholders of HoldCo
     immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not, immediately
     thereafter, own more than 70% of the combined voting power of the merged
     or consolidated entity's then outstanding securities;

  .  
a liquidation of HoldCo or the sale of substantially all of its assets;
     or

  .  
within a 24-month period, a change of more than one-half of the members
     of the HoldCo Board whose election by the HoldCo Board or nomination for
     election by HoldCo's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least 2/3
     of the directors who were directors at the beginning of the period or
     whose election or nomination was previously so approved.


Tax Withholding

   HoldCo or its subsidiaries may withhold any applicable federal, state, or
local taxes upon payment under an award.
Subject to any applicable law, if
payment under an award is to be made in HoldCo common stock, the HoldCo Board
may in its discretion permit or require a participant to satisfy any
withholding or other taxes payable through:

  .  
the payment of cash by the participant to HoldCo or its subsidiaries;

  .  
the retention by HoldCo or its subsidiaries of shares of HoldCo common
     stock; or

  .  
the delivery by the participant to HoldCo or its subsidiaries of shares
     of HoldCo common stock owned by the participant.


Amendment or Termination of the Plan

   The HoldCo Board may at any time and from time to time alter, amend,
suspend, or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, as it determines in its
sole discretion.
However, no such action may, without the consent of the
participant to whom any award was previously granted, adversely affect the
rights of such participant concerning the award, except to the extent that such
termination, suspension, or amendment of the Plan or award (1) is required by
law or (2) is deemed by the HoldCo Board necessary in order to comply with the
requirements of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code or Rule 16b-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following is a discussion of the material federal income tax
consequences of the various types of awards under the Plan:

   Restricted Stock.
The grant of restricted stock generally does not result in
taxable income to a participant or a tax deduction for HoldCo.
At the time the
restrictions expire, however, a participant will realize ordinary taxable
income in an amount equal to the fair market value of the HoldCo common stock
on the date the restrictions expire, and HoldCo will be entitled to a
corresponding deduction.
In addition, during or after the restriction period
(depending on whether the dividends are paid to the individuals or
accumulated), a participant will be taxed on the dividends paid with respect to
restricted stock as compensation, and HoldCo will be entitled to a
corresponding deduction.

   
Incentive Stock Options.
ISOs are intended to meet the requirements of
section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code.
The grant of an ISO does not result
in taxable income to the participant or a tax deduction for HoldCo.
The
exercise of an ISO will not result in ordinary taxable income to the
participant (although the difference between the exercise price and the fair
market value of the HoldCo common stock subject to the option may result in
alternative minimum tax liability to the participant) and HoldCo will not be
allowed a deduction at any time in connection with such award, if the following
conditions are met:

  .  
at all times during the period beginning with the date of grant and
     ending on the day three months before the date of exercise, the
     participant is an employee of HoldCo or of a subsidiary; and

  .  
the participant makes no disposition of HoldCo common stock within two
     years from the date of grant nor within one year after the HoldCo common
     stock is transferred to the participant.


The three-month period is extended to one year in the event of disability and
is waived in the event of death of the participant.
If the HoldCo common stock
is sold by the participant after meeting these conditions, any gain realized
over the exercise price ordinarily will be treated as long-term capital gain,
and any loss will be treated as long-term capital loss, in the year of the
sale.

   
If the participant fails to comply with the employment or holding period
requirements discussed above, the participant will recognize ordinary taxable
income in an amount equal to the lesser of:

  .  
the excess of the fair market value of the HoldCo common stock on the
     date of exercise over the exercise price; or

  .  
the excess of the amount realized upon such disposition over the
     exercise price.
If the participant realizes ordinary taxable income on
     account of such a disqualifying disposition (described above), a
     corresponding deduction will be allowed to HoldCo for the same year.

   
Nonqualified Stock Options.
The grant of a Nonqualified Option does not
result in taxable income to the participant or a tax deduction for HoldCo.
Upon
exercise of a nonqualified stock option, the participant will realize
compensation taxable as ordinary income in an amount equal to the difference
between the exercise price and the fair market value of the HoldCo common stock
on the date of exercise, and HoldCo will be entitled to a corresponding
deduction for the same year.
The participant's basis in such shares will be the
fair market value on the date income is realized, and when the participant
disposes of the shares he or she will recognize capital gain or loss, either
long-term or short-term, depending on the holding period of the shares.

   
Stock Appreciation Rights.
The grant of an SAR does not result in taxable
income to the participant or a tax deduction for HoldCo.
Upon exercise of an
SAR, the participant will realize ordinary taxable income in an amount equal to
the excess of the fair market value of the HoldCo common stock or cash received
over any amount paid by the participant upon exercise, and HoldCo will be
entitled to a corresponding deduction for the same year.

   
Performance Units.
The grant of a performance unit does not result in
taxable income to the participant or a tax deduction for HoldCo.
Upon the
expiration of the applicable award cycle and receipt of the HoldCo common
stock distributed in payment of the award or an equivalent amount of cash, the
participant will realize ordinary taxable income equal to the full fair market
value of the shares delivered or the amount of cash paid.
At that time, HoldCo
generally will be allowed a corresponding tax deduction equal to the
compensation taxable to participant.

   
Dividend Equivalents.
Dividend equivalents generally are taxed as
compensation when they are paid to the participant, and HoldCo receives a
corresponding deduction.
If a participant elects (with the Committee's
consent) to be taxed on the value of a restricted stock award when the award
is granted, however, dividend equivalents paid with respect to the award will
be taxed as dividends and will not be deductible by HoldCo.

   
Deduction Limit.
Compensation paid to HoldCo's chief executive officer and
its four other most highly compensated officers generally will not be
deductible to the extent it exceeds $1 million.
Certain performance-based
awards granted under a stockholder-approved plan are exempt from this
deduction limit, however.
The Plan permits the Committee to make performance-
based awards to participants who otherwise might be subject to the deduction
limit.


New Plan Benefits

   The benefits that may be received under the Plan by any participant or
group of participants are not determinable, except for the annual grant to
each non-employee director of an option to purchase 1,000 shares.
All other
awards to eligible participants will depend on future determinations made by
the HoldCo Board or the Committee.


Vote Required

   Approval of the Plan requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of Pepco common stock present in person or represented
by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting.
Abstentions will be deemed
present and entitled to vote, but will not be counted as a vote either for or
against this proposal, and therefore will have the same effect as a vote
against the approval of the Plan.
Shares that are the subject of broker non-
votes will be counted as shares not entitled to vote.

   
Likewise, approval of the Plan requires the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Conectiv stock present in person or represented
by proxy and entitled to vote at the annual meeting.
Abstentions will be
deemed present and entitled to vote, but will not be counted as a vote either
for or against this proposal, and therefore will have the same effect as a
vote against the approval of the Plan.
Shares that are the subject of broker
non-votes will be counted as shares not entitled to vote.

   
The Pepco Board and the Conectiv Board each recommend a vote "FOR" the
adoption of the Plan.

               
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The unaudited pro forma combined financial information have been prepared to
give effect to the merger of Pepco and Conectiv resulting in both becoming
wholly owned subsidiaries of New RC, Inc. (HoldCo), a company recently formed
by Pepco (the transaction).
The transaction will be accounted for as an
acquisition of Conectiv by Pepco under the purchase method of accounting.
The
unaudited pro forma financial information is derived from the December 31, 2000
historical financial statements of Pepco and the unaudited December 31, 2000
historical financial statements of Conectiv.
The Conectiv historical financial
statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation in Pepco's
financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma balance sheet assumes the
transaction was consummated as of December 31, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma
income statement assumes the transaction was consummated as of the beginning of
the year ended December 31, 2000.

   
Under the purchase method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of
Conectiv and liabilities assumed will be recorded at fair value and any excess
of the merger consideration, including direct acquisition costs, over such
amounts will be recorded as goodwill.
The unaudited pro forma financial
information does not give effect to possible acquisition financing in
connection with this transaction as no specific conclusions have been reached
as to the amount or type of borrowing.

   
The fair value of Conectiv's regulated assets equal their unaudited
historical net book value since such assets are recognized for ratemaking
purposes at their book value in determining regulated revenue requirements.

Conectiv maintains a portfolio of non-regulated generating assets and has
entered into agreements to sell certain assets included in that portfolio.
The
unaudited pro forma financial information does not give effect to the sale of
these assets since such agreements are subject to regulatory approval.
For
purposes of the unaudited pro forma combined financial information, the fair
values have been determined based on Conectiv's sales agreements in place for
assets to be sold and valuations performed during 2000 for retained non-
regulated generating assets.

   
This unaudited pro forma combined financial information should be read in
conjunction with the separate historical financial statements and accompanying
notes of Pepco and Conectiv.
The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations or
financial position that would have been achieved had the transactions reflected
therein been consummated as of the dates indicated, or of the results of
operations or financial position for any future periods or dates.

                                     
HOLDCO

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                                            Pro Forma
                                                           Adjustments
                                                           ---------------
                              Pepco          Conectiv                          HoldCo
                          (As Reported)  (As Reclassified) Debit    Credit   (Pro Forma)
                          -------------  -----------------
-----    ------   -----------
                              (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts)

Operating Revenue
  Utility...............    $2,237.5         $2,112.6                         $4,350.1
  Competitive
   operations...........       
386.4          2,931.6                          3,318.0
  Gain (loss) on
   divestitures of
   generation and other
   assets...............       423.8             (8.6)                           415.2
                            --------         --------                         
--------
    Total Operating
     Revenue............     
3,047.7          5,035.6                          8,083.3
                            --------         --------                         --------
Operating Expenses
  Fuel and purchased
   energy...............     
1,206.2          3,393.5                          4,599.7
  Other operation and
   maintenance..........       409.8            798.2                          1,208.0
  Depreciation and
   amortization.........       247.6            260.1      29.3(e)               537.0
  Other taxes...........       207.4             80.9                            288.3
  Interest..............       211.5            211.4                            422.9
  Impairment loss.......        45.7              --                              45.7
                            --------         --------                         --------
    Total Operating
     Expenses...........     
2,328.2          4,744.1                          7,101.6
                            --------         --------                         --------
Loss from Equity
 Investments,
 Principally
 Telecommunication
 Entities...............       (17.1)            33.2                             16.1
                            --------         --------                         --------
Operating Income........       702.4            324.7                            997.8
Distributions on
 Preferred Securities of
 Subsidiary Trust.......         9.2             20.4                             29.6
Income Tax Expense......       341.2            133.5                 6.0(e)     468.7
                            --------         --------                         --------
Net Income..............       352.0            170.8                            499.5
                            --------         --------                         --------
Dividends and Redemption
 Premium/Expenses on
 Preferred Stock........         5.5              --                               5.5
                            --------         --------                         --------
Earnings Available for
 Common Stock...........    $  346.5         $  170.8                         $  494.0
                            ========         ========                         ========
Weighted Average Shares
 Outstanding
 (in millions)
  
Common stock..........       
114.9             83.7       --       38.1(f)     166.2
  Class A Common Stock..         --               5.7       --        --           --
Earnings Per Share of
 Common Stock
  Common Stock, Basic...    $   3.02(a)      $   1.97       --        --      $   2.97
  Common Stock,
   Diluted..............    $   2.96              --        --        --      $   2.91
  Class A Common Stock..         --          $   1.06       --        --           --
Dividends Declared Per
 Share
  Common Stock..........    $   1.66         $   0.88       --        --      $   1.73
  Class A Common Stock..         --          $   3.20       --        --           --

                                     HOLDCO

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

                               DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                                            Pro Forma
                                                           Adjustments
                             Pepco         Conectiv      ---------------------        HoldCo
                         (As Reported) (As Reclassified)  
Debit        Credit       (Pro Forma)
                         -------------
-----------------
--------      -------      -----------
                                            (Millions of Dollars)

ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
 Cash and cash
  equivalents...........   $ 1,864.6       $   123.6                   1,098.0(a)        890.2
 Marketable securities..       231.4             1.4                                     232.8
 Accounts receivable,
  net...................       478.4           792.8                                   1,271.2
 Fuel, materials and
  supplies--at average
  cost..................        36.4           117.3                                     153.7
 Prepaid expenses and
  other.................       413.6            36.5                                     450.1
                           ---------       ---------                                 ---------
   Total Current
    Assets..............     
3,024.4         1,071.6                                   2,998.0
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
INVESTMENTS AND OTHER
 ASSETS
 Investment in finance
  leases................       589.5            53.7                                     643.2
 Operating lease
  equipment, net........        54.6             --                                       54.6
 Goodwill...............         --            344.5        575.4(d)                     919.9
 Regulatory assets,
  net...................         --          1,188.9                                   1,188.9
 Other..................       637.0           356.1        283.3(d.2)                 1,276.4
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
   Total Investments and
    Other Assets........     
1,281.1         1,943.2                                   4,083.0
                           ---------       ---------                                 ---------
PROPERTY, PLANT AND
 EQUIPMENT
 Property, plant and
  equipment.............     
4,284.7         5,643.2        497.7(d.1) 2,180.0(h)      8,245.6
 Accumulated
  depreciation..........    (1,562.9)       (2,180.0)     2,180.0(h)                  (1,562.9)
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
 Net Property, Plant
  and Equipment.........     
2,721.8         3,463.2                                   6,682.7
                           ---------       ---------                                 ---------
   TOTAL ASSETS.........   $ 7,027.3       $ 6,478.0                                 $13,763.7
                           =========       =========                                 =========
LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Short-term debt........   
$ 1,150.1       $   968.6                                   2,118.7
 Accounts payable and
  accrued payroll.......       273.8           490.9                      24.0(d.3)      814.7
                                                                          16.0(d)
                                                                          10.0(d.3)
 Capital lease
  obligations due within
  one year..............        15.2             --                                       15.2
 Interest and taxes
  accrued...............       814.4            56.2                                     870.6
 Other..................       181.9           208.3                      11.1(d.3)      401.3
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
   Total current
    liabilities.........     
2,435.4         1,724.0                                   4,220.5
                           ---------       ---------                                 ---------
DEFERRED CREDITS
 Regulatory liabilities,
  net...................       
186.1            49.3                                     235.4
 Income taxes...........       418.7           823.1                     299.6(d.6)    1,541.4
 Investment tax credits
  and other.............        28.3            64.3         26.8(d.5)                    65.8
 Other..................        21.4           336.6          8.6(d.5)                   349.4
                           ---------       ---------                                 ---------
   Total Deferred
    Credits.............       
654.5         1,273.3                                   2,192.0
                           ---------       ---------                                 ---------
LONG-TERM DEBT AND
 CAPITAL LEASE
 OBLIGATIONS............     
1,859.6         2,035.5          2.9(d.4)                 
3,892.2
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
COMPANY OBLIGATED
 MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE
 PREFERRED SECURITIES OF
 SUBSIDIARY TRUST WHICH
 HOLDS SOLELY PARENT
 JUNIOR SUBORDINATED
 DEBENTURES.............       
125.0           165.0                                     290.0
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
PREFERRED STOCK.........        
90.3           119.9          1.7(d.4)                   208.5
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Common stock, $.01 par
  value for HoldCo......       
118.5             0.9        117.8(a)                       1.6
 Additional paid in
  capital...............     
1,014.3         1,122.5         60.1(c)      84.7(b)      2,161.4
 Unearned compensation..         --             (1.2)                      1.2(c)
 Accumulated other
  comprehensive loss....        (7.5)           (2.0)                      2.0(c)         (7.5)
 Retained income........       
937.2            42.8         42.8(c)                     805.0
                                                         132.2(c)                        805.0
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
                             2,062.5         1,163.0                                   2,960.5
 Less cost of shares of
  common stock in
  treasury..............      (200.0)           (2.7)                    200.0(c)
                                                                           2.7(c)
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
                             1,862.5         1,160.3                                   2,960.5
                           ---------       ---------                                 
---------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY...   $ 7,027.3       $ 6,478.0                                 $13,763.7
                           =========       =========                                 =========

           NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    (a)  
The following pro forma adjustment is used to record the estimated par
value of HoldCo common stock ($.01) to be issued to existing Pepco and Conectiv
stockholders and to eliminate each company's existing par value common stock
balance.
The number of shares of HoldCo common stock to be issued was estimated
using the number of Pepco common stock and Conectiv common stock and Class A
common stock shares outstanding as of December 31, 2000.
Each outstanding share
of Pepco common stock was converted into one share of HoldCo common stock and
each outstanding share of Conectiv common stock and Class A common stock was
converted into HoldCo common stock on the basis outlined in the merger
agreement, as shown below:

                                                          As of December 31,

                                                         ---------------------
                                                         (Amounts in Millions,
                                                           except per share
                                                               amounts)

Adjustment to Record HoldCo
Par Value
Total consideration to be paid to Conectiv's
 stockholders
 [see Adjustment (g)]...................................       $2,196.0
Portion to be paid in cash--(50%).......................        
1,098.0
                                                               --------
HoldCo stock to be issued as consideration to Conectiv
 stockholders--(50%)....................................       $1,098.0
Price per share based upon average Pepco share price
 immediately before and after announcement of merger
 agreement [see Adjustment (g)].........................       $  21.40
Number of HoldCo shares to be issued to Conectiv
 stockholders, net of treasury shares...................           51.3
Number of HoldCo shares to be issued to Pepco
 stockholders, net of treasury shares...................          
110.8
Total number of HoldCo shares to be issued..............          162.1
Par value per share.....................................       $   0.01
                                                               --------
Adjusted par value of HoldCo shares to be issued........       $    1.6
                                                               ========
Elimination of Pepco's common stock (par value), as
 reported...............................................       
$(118.5)
Elimination of Conectiv's common stock and Class A
 common stock (par value), as reclassified..............       $    (.9)
                                                               
--------
Adjustment to common stock..............................       $ (117.8)
                                                               
========

   The par value calculation above assumes that at the consummation of the
transaction the Average Final Price equals $21.40.
The merger agreement defines
boundaries (the "collar") for the Average Final Price.
If the Average Final
Price does not fall within the established collar of $19.50 to $24.50 then the
effect of the Average Final Price and the Conectiv common stock exchange ratio,
as defined in the merger agreement, will impact the pro forma financial
information including total goodwill, goodwill amortization, and paid in
capital.
The impact of Pepco's closing share price being above $24.50 or below
$19.50 will be as follows:

  .  
If the Average Final Price price falls below $19.50, the total number of
     HoldCo common stock shares issued to Conectiv common stockholders will
     increase by approximately 5.0 million shares.
For each $1.00 decrease in
     the Average Final Price below $19.50, the total merger consideration
     would decrease by approximately $56.3 million primarily resulting in a
     decrease to additional paid in capital and goodwill relating to the
     unaudited pro forma Combined Balance Sheet and a reduction of
     $1.4 million to goodwill amortization included in net income on the
     unaudited pro forma Combined Statement of Earnings.

  .  
If the Average Final Price price rises above $24.50, the total number of
     HoldCo common stock shares issued to Conectiv common stockholders will
     decrease by approximately 6.5 million shares.
For each $1.00 increase in
     the Average Final Price above $24.50, the total merger consideration
     would increase by approximately $44.8 million primarily resulting in a
     increase to additional paid in capital and

     goodwill relating to the unaudited pro forma Combined Balance Sheet and
     an additional $1.1 million in goodwill amortization included in net
     income on the unaudited pro forma Combined Statement of Earnings.
    (b) Adjustment to reflect HoldCo's additional paid-in capital:

                                                            As of December 31,

                                                           ---------------------
                                                           (Amounts in millions)

     
Change in par value of Pepco common stock ($1 par
      value) upon conversion to 110.8 million shares of
      HoldCo common stock ($.01 par value)...............        $   109.7
     Stock consideration to Conectiv's stockholders in
      excess of HoldCo common stock par value............          
1,097.5
     Elimination of Conectiv's historical additional paid
      in capital.........................................         (1,122.5)
                                                                 
---------
     Adjustment to additional paid-in capital............             
84.7
                                                                 ---------

    (c) Under the terms of the merger agreement, Pepco's and Conectiv's common
stock held in treasury at December 31, 2000 will be canceled.
The pro forma
entry eliminates Pepco's treasury stock related to the excess of cost over par
value of common stock (see Adjustment (a)--elimination of common stock) to
additional paid in capital and retained earnings on a pro rata basis.

Conectiv's unaudited historical amounts eliminate treasury stock, unearned
compensation, accumulated other comprehensive loss and retained income.

    
(d)
The table below presents the estimated total cost of acquiring
Conectiv and the allocation of that cost to Conectiv's identifiable tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities.
Although this calculation is
preliminary, it represents all supportable adjustments known to Conectiv's and
Pepco's management.

                                                                   
Required
                                         Conectiv,     Fair Value  Pro Forma
                                     (As Reclassified)   
Amount   Adjustments
                                     ----------------- ----------
-----------
                                              (Amounts in millions)

Consideration to be paid to
 Conectiv's stockholders [see
 Adjustment (a)]....................                    $2,196.0       --
Add: Estimated direct acquisition
      costs to be incurred by
      Pepco.........................                        
16.0       --
                                                        --------
   Total acquisition costs..........                    $2,212.0
                                                        --------
Less assets acquired:
  Property, plant and equipment,
   net..............................     $3,463.2        3,960.9     497.7 (1)
  Investments and other assets,
   excluding Conectiv's existing
   goodwill.........................      
1,598.7        1,882.0     283.3 (2)
  Current assets....................      
1,071.6        1,071.6       --
                                         --------       --------
  Total assets acquired.............     $6,133.5        6,914.5
Add liabilities acquired:
  Preferred stock and securities of
   subsidiaries.....................     $  284.9          283.2      (1.7)(4)
  Long-term debt....................      
2,035.5        2,032.6      (2.9)(4)
  Current liabilities...............      
1,724.0        1,724.0       --
  Deferred credits and other
   liabilities......................      
1,273.3        1,237.9     (35.4)(5)
                                         --------       --------
  Total liabilities acquired........     $5,317.7        5,277.7       --
  Liabilities assumed...............          --            45.1      45.1 (3)
  Deferred income tax liability.....          --             --      299.6 (6)
  Goodwill..........................                       
919.9
                                                        --------
  Eliminate Conectiv's historical
   goodwill.........................                      
(344.5)
                                                        --------
Adjustment to goodwill..............                       
575.4
                                                        ========

   In addition to the stock consideration paid by HoldCo for Conectiv [see
Adjustments (a) and (b)], cash consideration of $1,098 million will be paid
[see Adjustment (a)].

   (1) This amount includes a $306.7 million adjustment to record non-regulated
generating assets adjusted to fair value based on existing agreements to divest
in 2001 and a $191.0 million adjustment to other generating assets based on
independent valuations performed in 2000.
The unaudited pro forma financial
information does not give effect to the sale of these assets since such
agreements are subject to regulatory approval.
The fair value of Conectiv's
regulated assets reflect their book value due to the jurisdictional ratemaking
process, as regulated assets are recognized for ratemaking purposes at their
book values in determining regulated revenue requirements.
Accordingly, the
economic substance is that the fair value of regulated assets is their book
value.

   
(2) This amount consists of adjustments of $183.4 million for additional
prepaid pension assets based on the excess of plan assets over the projected
benefit obligation after eliminating unrecognized actuarial gains, prior
services costs and net transaction assets, $97 million to record the fair value
of energy contracts as determined by comparing contractual costs to quoted
market prices for equivalent purchase energy contracts and $2.9 million to
record the market value of contracts under FAS 133.

   
(3) This amount consists of adjustments for the assumption of liabilities
related to $24.0 million of estimated merger costs for Conectiv, $10 million
for the estimated compensation that Conectiv will incur due to the change in
control and $11.1 million adjustment to record an estimated liability
associated with Conectiv's settlement of stock options held by certain Conectiv
officers and management.
The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statement of Earnings
for the year ended December 31, 2000 does not reflect these amounts, as they
are nonrecurring charges.

   
(4) Adjustment to record $2.9 million and $1.7 million fair value
adjustments to Conectiv's long-term debt and preferred stock.

   
(5) Adjustment to eliminate $26.8 million of Conectiv deferred investment
tax credits (which we refer to as ITC); and a liability reduction of $8.6
million relating to other post retirement benefits projected plan obligations
over plan assets after eliminating unrecognized actuarial gains, prior service
costs and net trust or obligations for the excess of the fair value of the plan
assets over the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.

   
(6) Represents the net deferred tax liability for the estimated income tax
effect of the pro forma adjustments, other than the elimination of Conectiv
ITCs included in (5) above, using an estimated effective tax rate of 40%.

   
(e) Adjustment to reflect the amortization of the adjustment to goodwill
over a 40-year period of $14.4 million and $14.9 million in depreciation based
on the pro forma adjustments to property plant and equipment using an estimated
depreciation rate of 3% and the effect of $6.0 million for the unaudited pro
forma adjustment excluding non-deductible goodwill to based on an effective tax
rate of 40%.

   (f) Adjustment to reflect the weighted average number of common stock shares
outstanding giving effect to the common stock shares issued to the Conectiv
common stockholders.

   
(g) The following details the calculation for the total consideration to be
paid to Conectiv stockholders:

   Total Conectiv common stock shares.................      82.9 million
   Purchase price per share of Conectiv common stock..            $25.00(1)
                                                        
----------------
   Consideration paid for Conectiv common stock.......  $2,072.4 million

   Total Conectiv Class A common stock shares.........       5.7 million
   Purchase price per share of Conectiv Class A common
    stock.............................................            $21.69(1)
                                                        ----------------
   Consideration paid for Conectiv common stock and
    Class A common stock..............................    $123.6 million

   Total Consideration Paid to Conectiv stockholders..  $2,196.0 million
                                                        ================

   50% allocation between cash and HoldCo common
    stock.............................................          $1,098.0(1)
   Conversion price ..................................            
$21.40(1),(2)
                                                        ----------------
   Total shares of HoldCo common stock to be issued to
    Conectiv stockholders.............................      51.3 million
   Pepco common stock shares (less treasury stock)....     110.8 million
                                                        ----------------
   Total HoldCo common stock shares to be issued......     162.1 million
                                                        ================

- --------

(1) Purchase price per share of Conectiv common stock and Class A common stock
    and purchase price cash and common stock allocation is determined in the
    merger agreement.


(2) Conversion price is based on the five-day average closing price of Pepco
    common stock for the period beginning two days before and ending two days
    subsequent to the transaction announcement (February 12, 2001).

   (h) Adjustment to eliminate Conectiv's accumulated depreciation on property
plant and equipment.

                                    
CONECTIV

                RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                    Conectiv      Conectiv        Conectiv
                                  (Historical) (Reclasses)(a) (As Reclassified)
                                  ------------ --------------
-----------------
                                              (Millions of Dollars)

OPERATING REVENUES
  Utility........................   $    --      $ 2,112.6        $2,112.6
  Competitive operations.........        --        2,931.6         2,931.6
  Gain/loss on divestiture of
   generation and other assets...        --           (8.6)           (8.6)
  Electric.......................    
2,906.3      (2,906.3)            --
  Gas............................    
1,529.8      (1,529.8)            --
  Other services.................      593.0        (593.0)            --
                                    --------     ---------        
--------
                                     5,029.1           6.5         5,035.6
                                    --------     ---------        --------
OPERATING EXPENSES
  Fuel and purchased energy......        --        3,393.5         3,393.5
  Electric fuel and purchased
   energy and capacity...........    
1,613.5      (1,613.5)            --
  Gas purchased..................    
1,445.9      (1,445.9)            --
  Other services' cost of sales..      504.6        (504.6)            --
  Special charges (Loss on sale
   of businesses)................       25.2         (25.2)            --
  Gain on sale of interest in
   nuclear plants................      (16.6)         16.6             --
  Operation and maintenance......      627.7         170.5           798.2
  Depreciation and amortization..      260.1           --            260.1
  Taxes other than income taxes..       80.9           --             80.9
  Interest.......................        --          211.4           211.4
                                    --------     ---------        
--------
                                     4,541.3         202.8         4,744.1
                                    --------     ---------        
--------
Earnings from equity
 investments.....................        --           33.2            33.2
                                    --------     ---------        
--------
OPERATING INCOME.................      
487.8        (163.1)          324.7
OTHER INCOME.....................       49.5         (49.5)            --
                                    --------     ---------        --------
INTEREST EXPENSE
  Interest charges...............      
223.4        (223.4)            --
  Allowance for borrowed funds
   used during construction and
   capitalized interest..........      (10.8)         10.8             --
                                    --------     ---------        
--------
                                       212.6        (212.6)            --
                                    --------     ---------        
--------
PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDEND
 REQUIREMENTS OF SUBSIDIARIES....       20.4           --             20.4
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES.......      
304.3        (304.3)            --
INCOME TAXES.....................      133.5           --            133.5
                                    --------     ---------        --------
NET INCOME.......................      
170.8           --            170.8
                                    ========     =========        ========
EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO:
  Common stock...................      
164.7           --            164.7
  Class A common stock...........        
6.1           --              6.1
                                    --------     ---------        --------
    Total........................      
170.8           --            170.8
                                    ========     =========        ========

- --------
(a) These reclassifying entries are necessary to reflect Conectiv's statement
    of earnings amounts for the year ended December 31, 2000 on a consistent
    basis with Pepco's presentation.
The effects of accounting policy
    differences between Pepco and Conectiv are not material and therefore have
    not been reflected.

                                    
CONECTIV

                    RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                               DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                     Conectiv      Conectiv        Conectiv
                                   (Historical) (Reclasses)(a) (As Reclassified)
                                   ------------ --------------
-----------------
                                               (Millions of Dollars)

             ASSETS
Current Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents......    $  123.6           --         $  123.6
  Marketable securities..........         --            1.4             1.4
  Accounts receivable, net.......       792.8           --            792.8
  Inventories, at average cost...         --          117.3           117.3
    Fuel (coal, oil and gas).....        
54.6         (54.6)            --
    Materials and supplies.......        62.7         (62.7)            --
  Deferred energy supply costs...        22.1         (22.1)            --
  Prepayments....................        23.4           --             23.4
  Deferred income taxes, net.....        13.1           --             13.1
                                     --------      --------        --------
                                      1,092.3         (20.7)        1,071.6
                                     --------      --------        --------
Investments and Other Assets
  Investment in leveraged
   leases........................        53.7           --             53.7
  Goodwill, net..................         --          344.5           344.5
  Regulatory assets..............         --        1,188.9         1,188.9
  Other..........................         --          356.1           356.1
  Funds held by trustee..........       122.4        (122.4)            --
  Other investments..............        70.8         (70.8)            --
                                     --------      --------        
--------
                                        246.9       1,696.3         1,943.2
                                     --------      
--------        --------
Property, Plant and Equipment
  Electric generation............     
1,576.5           --              --
  Electric transmission and
   distribution..................     2,711.9           --              --
  Gas transmission and
   distribution..................       277.7           --              --
  Other electric and gas
   facilities....................       390.3           --              --
  Telecommunications, thermal
   systems, and other property,
   plant, and equipment..........       
251.6           --              --
                                     --------      --------        --------
  Property, Plant and Equipment..     
5,208.0         435.2         5,643.2
  Less: Accumulated
   depreciation..................     
2,180.0           --          2,180.0
                                     --------      --------        --------
  Net plant in service...........     
3,028.0         435.2         3,463.2
  Construction work-in-progress..       406.9        (406.9)            --
  Leased nuclear fuel, at
   amortized cost................        28.4         (28.4)            --
  Goodwill, net..................       344.5        (344.5)            --
                                     --------      --------        --------
                                      3,807.8        (344.6)        3,463.2
                                     --------      --------        --------
Deferred Charges and Other Assets
  Recoverable stranded costs,
   net...........................       
988.1        (988.1)            --
  Deferred recoverable income
   taxes.........................        84.6         (84.6)            --
  Unrecovered purchased power
   costs.........................        14.5         (14.5)            --
  Unrecovered New Jersey state
   excise tax....................        10.4         (10.4)            --
  Deferred debt refinancing
   costs.........................        20.7         (20.7)            --
  Deferred other postretirement
   benefit costs.................        30.0         (30.0)            --
  Prepaid pension costs..........        70.0         (70.0)            --
  Unamortized debt expense.......        25.6         (25.6)            --
  License fees...................        22.0         (22.0)            --
  Other..........................        65.1         (65.1)            --
                                     --------      --------        
--------
                                      1,331.0      (1,331.0)            --
                                     --------      --------        --------
Total Assets.....................     
6,478.0           --          6,478.0
                                     ========      ========        ========

- --------
(a) These reclassifying entries are necessary to reflect Conectiv's balance
    sheet amounts at December 31, 2000 on a consistent basis with Pepco's
    presentation.
The effects of accounting policy differences between Pepco
    and Conectiv are not material and therefore have not been reflected.

                                    
CONECTIV

                    RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                               DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                    Conectiv      Conectiv        Conectiv
                                  (Historical) (Reclasses)(a) (As Reclassified)
                                  ------------ --------------
-----------------
                                              (Millions of Dollars)

 CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES
Current Liabilities
  Short-term debt................   $  709.5           --         $  709.5
  Long-term debt due within one
   year..........................      
100.7           --            100.7
  Variable rate demand bonds.....      158.4           --            158.4
  Accounts payable and accrued
   payroll.......................      490.9           --            490.9
  Interest and taxes accrued.....        0.0          56.2            56.2
  Taxes accrued..................       
10.9         (10.9)            --
  Interest accrued...............       
45.3         (45.3)            --
  Dividends payable..............       
27.1         (27.1)            --
  Deferred energy supply costs
   (reg liability)...............       
34.7         (34.7)            --
  Current capital lease
   obligation....................       15.6         (15.6)            --
  Above-market purchased energy
   contracts.....................       23.9         (23.9)            --
  Other..........................      
107.0         101.3           208.3
                                    --------      --------        
--------
                                     1,724.0           --          1,724.0
                                    --------      --------        --------
Deferred Credits and Other
 Liabilities
  Other postretirement benefits
   obligation....................       
90.3         (90.3)            --
  Deferred income taxes, net.....      823.1           --            823.1
  Deferred investment tax
   credits.......................       64.3           --             64.3
  Regulatory liability for New
   Jersey income tax benefit.....       49.3           --             49.3
  Above-market purchased energy
   contracts.....................      103.6        (103.6)            --
  Deferred gain on termination of
   purchased energy contract.....       75.0         (75.0)            --
  Long-term capital lease
   obligation....................       13.7         (13.7)            --
  Other..........................       67.8         268.8           336.6
                                    --------      --------        
--------
                                     1,287.1         (13.8)        1,273.3
                                    --------      --------        --------
Long-term debt and capital lease
 obligations.....................        --        2,035.5         2,035.5
                                    --------      --------        --------
Company obligated mandatorily
 redeem preferred securities.....        --          165.0           165.0
                                    --------      
--------        --------
Preferred Stock
  Not subject to mandatory
   redemption....................        --           95.9            95.9
  Subject to mandatory
   redemption....................        --           24.0            24.0
                                    --------      --------        
--------
                                         --          119.9           119.9
                                    --------      --------        --------
Capitalization
  Common stock: $0.01 per share
   par value;....................        0.8           --              0.8
  Class A common stock, $0.01 per
   share par value;..............        0.1           --              0.1
  Additional paid-in capital--
   common stock..................    
1,028.8           --          1,028.8
  Additional paid-in capital--
   Class A common stock..........       93.7           --             93.7
  Retained earnings..............       42.8           --             42.8
  Treasury shares, at cost.......       (2.7)          2.7             --
  Unearned compensation..........       (1.2)          --             (1.2)
  Accumulated other comprehensive
   income........................       (2.0)          --             (2.0)
                                    --------      --------        
--------
                                     1,160.3           2.7         1,163.0
  Treasury shares, at cost.......        --           (2.7)           (2.7)
                                    --------      --------        
--------
    Common stockholders' equity..    
1,160.3           --          1,160.3
                                    --------      --------        --------
  Preferred stock and securities
   of subsidiaries:
    Not subject to mandatory
     redemption..................       95.9         (95.9)            --
    Subject to mandatory
     redemption..................      189.0        (189.0)            --
  Long-term debt.................    
2,021.7      (2,021.7)            --
                                    --------      --------        
--------
                                     3,466.9      (2,306.6)            --
                                    --------      --------        --------
Total Capitalization and
 Liabilities.....................    
6,478.0           --          6,478.0
                                    ========      ========        ========

- --------
(a) These reclassifying entries are necessary to reflect Conectiv's balance
    sheet amounts at December 31, 2000 on a consistent basis with Pepco's
    presentation.
The effects of accounting policy differences between Pepco
    and Conectiv are not material and therefore have not been reflected.

           
HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF CONECTIV

                HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                   Year ended December 31, 2000  (UNAUDITED)
                             (Millions of Dollars)

Cash Flows From Operating Activities
 Net income (loss).....................................................
$170.8
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by
  operating activities.................................................     --
  Deferred recoverable purchased power contract termination payment....     --
  Distribution from partnership in excess of recognized earnings.......     --
  Extraordinary item, net of income taxes..............................     --
  Special charges......................................................   25.2
  Depreciation and amortization........................................  283.1
  Investment tax credit adjustments, net...............................  (10.1)
  Deferred income taxes, net...........................................  
114.3
  Net change in:
   Accounts receivable................................................. (267.5)
   Inventories.........................................................    5.8
   Accounts payable....................................................  
182.1
   Accrued/prepaid taxes...............................................   24.3
   Other current assets & liabilities(1)...............................  (25.9)
  
Other, net...........................................................  (36.7)
                                                                        
------
Net cash provided by operating activities..............................  
465.4
                                                                        ======
Cash Flows From Investing Activities
 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired.......................     (1)
 Capital expenditures.................................................. (390.5)
 Investments in partnerships...........................................  (11.8)
 Proceeds from assets sold.............................................  114.6
 Deposits to nuclear decommissioning trust funds.......................    
(.7)
 (Increase)/Decrease in bond proceeds held in trust funds..............     --
 Leveraged leases, net.................................................    9.6
 Other, net............................................................    
1.3
                                                                        ------
Net cash used by Investing activities..................................
(278.5)
                                                                        
======
Cash Flows From Financing Activities
 Common stock dividends paid...........................................    
(92)
 Common stock issued...................................................     
.2
 Common stock redeemed.................................................  (54.7)
 Preferred securities issued...........................................     --
 Preferred securities redeemed.........................................     --
 Long-term debt issued.................................................   70.1
 Long-term debt redeemed...............................................
(121.1)
 Variable rate demand bonds issued.....................................     --
 Principal portion of capital lease payments...........................  (48.5)
 Net change in short-term debt.........................................  129.8
 Cost of Issuances and refinancings....................................   (3.3)
                                                                        ------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities....................... (119.5)
                                                                        
------
Net change in cash and cash equivalents................................   67.3
                                                                        ------
Beginning of year cash and cash equivalents............................   56.2
                                                                        ------
End of year cash and cash equivalents.................................. $123.5
                                                                        ======

- --------
(1)Other than debt and deferred income taxes classified as current.

                                   
CONECTIV
  HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                               Additional
                                                Par Value    Paid-in Capital
                                             ---------------
----------------
                                                      Class            Class    Retained                          Accumulated
                     Common    Total Common             A                A      Earnings                             Other
                     Shares    Stockholders'  Common  Common  Common   Common (Accumulated Treasury   Unearned   Comprehensive
                   Outstanding    Equity     Stock(1)
Stock   Stock    Stock    Deficit)    Stock   Compensation Income/(Loss)
                   -----------
------------- -------- ------
--------  ------
------------ -------- ------------ -------------
                                                                    (Dollars in millions)
                                                                    ---------------------

Balance as of
December 31,
1999(6)..........   
91,915.5      1,138.2        .9      0    1,085.1   93.7     (36.5)      (3.4)      (1.6)
Net Income.......                   170.8                                        170.8
Unrealized net
loss marketable
securities, net
of $890 of income
taxes............                    (1.7)                                                                            (1.7)
Reclassification
adjustment for
realized gain on
marketable
securities net of
$211 of income
taxes............                     
(.4)                                                                             (.4)
Comprehensive
income...........
Cash dividends
declared
 Common stock
 ($0.68 per
 share)..........                   
(73.2)                                       (73.2)
 
Class A common
 stock ($3.20 per
 share)..........                   (18.4)                                       (18.4)
Issuance of
common stock
CICP(2)..........        147           .2         0                .5                         1.1       (1.4)

Reacquired common
stock(7).........   
(3,411.5)       (54.7)        0             (54.6)                          0
Incentive
compensation.....
 Expense
 recognition.....                     
(.6)                       (1.4)                                    
.8
 Forfeited common
 shares..........      (48.9)         --                          (.8)                        (.3)         1
                    --------     
--------      ----    ---   --------  
-----     -----      -----      -----         
-----
Balance as of
December 31,
2000(8)..........   88,602.1     $1,160.2      $ .9    $ 0   $1,028.8  $93.7     $42.7      $(2.6)     $(1.2)        $(2.1)
                    
========     ========      ====    ===   ========  =====     =====      =====      =====         =====

                   Comprehensive
                   Income/(Loss)
                   -------------

Balance as of
December 31,
1999(6)..........
Net Income.......      170.8
Unrealized net
loss marketable
securities, net
of $890 of income
taxes............       (1.7)
Reclassification
adjustment for
realized gain on
marketable
securities net of
$211 of income
taxes............        (.4)
                   -------------
Comprehensive
income...........      168.7
                   =============
Cash dividends
declared
 Common stock
 ($0.68 per
 share)..........
 
Class A common
 stock ($3.20 per
 share)..........

Issuance of
common stock
CICP(2)..........

Reacquired common
stock(7).........

Incentive
compensation.....
 Expense
 recognition.....
 
Forfeited common
 shares..........
Balance as of
December 31,
2000(8)..........

- ----
(1) There are 150,000,000 and 10,000,000 shares of Conectiv common stock and
    Conectiv Class A common stock, respectively, which are authorized.
The
    common stock had a par value of $2.25 per share prior to the merger on
    March 1, 1998, between Delmarva and Atlantic Energy (which we refer to as
    the 1998 Merger) and $0.01 per share after the 1998 Merger.

(2) Includes restricted common shares granted and stock options exercised
    under the Conectiv Incentive Compensation Plan (CICP), and under the
    incentive plan of Delmarva in 1998.
(3) Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock were issued to
    former Atlantic Energy common stockholders, and Conectiv common stock was
    issued to former Delmarva common stockholders, pursuant to the 1998 Merger
    discussed in Note 4 to the Conectiv Consolidated Financial Statements.
(4) Includes 5,560,612 shares of Conectiv Class A common stock; all other
    shares are Conectiv common stock.

(5) Includes 12,768,215 shares of Conectiv common stock and 818,297 shares of
    Conectiv Class A common stock, and costs associated with the tender offer
    discussed in Note 17 to the Conectiv Consolidated Financial Statements.

(6) Includes 66,173,159 shares of Conectiv common stock and 5,742,315 shares
    of Conectiv Class A common stock.

(7) As of December 31, 2000, 2,780,700 shares of common stock remained
    authorized for purchase under a stock purchase program.

(8) Includes 62,859,779 shares of Conectiv common stock and 5,742,315 shares
    of Conectiv Class A common stock.

                       
Report of Independent Accountants

To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of
New RC, Inc.:

   
In our opinion, the accompanying balance sheet presents fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of New RC, Inc. (HoldCo) at March 13,
2001 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.
This financial statement is the responsibility of HoldCo's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial
statement based on our audit.
We conducted our audit of this statement in
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the balance sheet is free of material misstatement.
An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the balance sheet, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall balance
sheet presentation.
We believe that our audit of the balance sheet provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, D.C.
March 14, 2001

                                  NEW RC, INC.

                                 BALANCE SHEET

                                 MARCH 13, 2001

                                  ASSETS
Cash...................................................................... $200
                                                                           ----
  Total assets............................................................ $200
                                                                           ====
                   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Liabilities............................................................... $--
Shareholder's equity
  Common stock, $0.01 par value (Note 1):
    100 shares authorized, issued, and outstanding........................    
1
  Additional paid-in capital..............................................  
199
                                                                           ----
      Total liabilities and shareholder's equity.......................... $200
                                                                           ====

        The accompanying note is an integral part of this balance sheet.

                                  
NEW RC, INC.
                          NOTE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
                                 MARCH 13, 2001

1.
Formation and Organization

   New RC, Inc. (HoldCo) was incorporated under the laws of the Delaware on
February 9, 2001, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Potomac Electric Power
Company (Pepco).
HoldCo has issued 100 shares of common stock (with a par value
of $.01), all of which is owned by Pepco.
HoldCo will be a holding company
registered under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended.

   
Pepco, HoldCo, and Conectiv (a Delaware corporation), entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (Agreement) on February 9, 2001, providing for a
reorganization in which two wholly owned and newly formed subsidiaries of
HoldCo will merge with and into Pepco and Conectiv, respectively.
As a result
of these mergers, Pepco and Conectiv will be wholly owned subsidiaries of
HoldCo and existing Pepco and Conectiv shareholders will own all outstanding
shares of HoldCo.
The Agreement is expected to close shortly after all of the
conditions to the consummation of the Agreement, including obtaining applicable
regulatory approvals, are met or waived.
The regulatory approval process is
expected to take approximately 12 to 18 months from the date of the Agreement.

                             
ACQUISITION FINANCING

   Before completing the transaction, the management of Pepco and HoldCo will
evaluate various sources and methods of financing the amount necessary to fund
a portion of the cash consideration to be paid in the transaction (the total
amount of approximately $1.098 billion).
We currently anticipate that a portion
of the cash consideration will be financed at the HoldCo level through external
sources.
Sources of financing that we are considering include commercial and
investment banks, institutional lenders and public securities markets.
Methods
of financing that we may consider include commercial paper, bank lines of
credit, debt and preferred securities of various maturities and types.
The
management of Pepco and HoldCo believe that HoldCo will have access to many
sources and types of short-term and long-term capital sources at reasonable
rates.

                            
INFORMATION ABOUT PEPCO

Potomac Electric Power Company
1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20068

   Pepco is engaged in three principal lines of business: (1) the provision of
regulated electric utility transmission and distribution services in the
Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, (2) the supply of telecommunications
services including local and long distance telephone, high-speed Internet and
cable television, and (3) the supply of energy products and services in
competitive retail markets.
Pepco's regulated electric utility activities are
referred to herein as the "Utility" or "Utility Operations," and its
telecommunications services and competitive energy activities are referred to
herein as its "Competitive Operations.
"

   Utility Operations.
In 2000, the generating segment of the electric utility
industry continued to transition from a regulatory to a competitive
environment, and in response to this transition, the Utility executed its
business plan to exit the electricity generating business by completing the
divestiture of substantially all of its generation assets in early 2001.

Additionally, Pepco's comprehensive plans to implement customer choice were
completed as Maryland and D.C. customers began to have their choice of
electricity suppliers on July 1, 2000, and January 1, 2001, respectively.

   
In accordance with the terms of agreements approved by the Maryland
Commission in 1999, retail access to a competitive market for generation
services was made available to all Maryland customers on July 1, 2000.
Also
under these agreements, Maryland customers who are unable to receive generation
services from another supplier, or who do not select another supplier, are
entitled to receive services (default services) from Pepco until July 1, 2004,
at a rate for the applicable customer class that is no higher than the bundled
rate in effect on June 30, 2000, but subject to adjustment for tax law changes
enacted by the Maryland General Assembly relating to its authorization of
electric industry restructuring.
Thereafter, Pepco will provide default
services using power obtained through a competitive bidding process at
regulated tariff rates determined on a pass-through basis and including an
allowance for the costs incurred by Pepco in providing the services.
In D.C.,
customers began to have their choice of electricity suppliers on January 1,
2001.
Pepco has a full requirements contract with Mirant Corp. to fulfill these
obligations.

   
Competitive Operations.
Over the past few years, with the passage of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996, and the deregulation of the natural gas and
electric industries also under way, the focus of Pepco's Competitive Operations
has been expanded to include telecommunications and energy businesses.
To
facilitate this expansion, in May 1999, Pepco created a new unregulated
company, Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI), as the parent company of two wholly owned
subsidiaries, Potomac Capital Investment Corporation (PCI) and Pepco

Energy Services.
Pepco's telecommunications services are provided by PCI and
its competitive energy products and services are provided by Pepco Energy
Services.
Additional information about Pepco's competitive telecommunications
services and financial investments, and its competitive energy products and
services, is provided below.

   
Competitive Telecommunications Services and Financial Investments.
Pepco
supplies bundled residential telecommunications products and services through
PCI's operations in the D.C. and Northern Virginia metropolitan areas.
PCI also
manages a financial investments portfolio intended to provide additional
earnings and cash flow.
PCI's telecommunications products and services are
provided through Starpower Communications (Starpower), which was formed in 1997
by wholly owned subsidiaries of PCI and RCN Corporation (RCN).
Starpower is
currently the only regional company providing cable television, local and long
distance telephone, dial-up and high-speed Internet services in a competitively
priced, bundled package for residential consumers, over an advanced fiber-optic
network.

   
Beginning in the mid-1990s, PCI began redirecting its business operations by
reducing its involvement in investments that are not related to the energy or
telecommunications industries.
Significant progress has been made in reducing
PCI's previous concentration of investments in the aircraft industry and recent
investments have expanded PCI's portfolio of electric generating and natural
gas transmission and distribution equipment leases.

   
PCI's utility industry products and services are provided through various
operating interests.
Its underground cable services company, W. A. Chester,
provides construction, installation and maintenance services to utilities and
to other customers throughout the United States.
During 2000, PCI acquired
Severn Cable, a growing telecommunications contractor in the Washington, D.C.
metropolitan area that specializes in the installation of strand, fiber-optic
and coaxial cable.
Additionally, in 1999, PCI launched Pepco Technologies,
Inc., a new business strategy that is focused on bringing new technologies to
the electric utility industry as it deregulates.

   
Competitive Energy Products and Services.
Pepco Energy Services currently
provides nonregulated energy and energy-related products and services in the
mid-Atlantic region.
Its products include electricity, natural gas, energy-
efficiency contracting, equipment operation and maintenance, fuel management,
and appliance warranties.
These products and services are sold either in
bundles or individually to commercial, industrial, and residential customers.

In addition, with the transfer of the Benning Road and Buzzard Point generating
plants from the Utility to Pepco Energy Services in December 2000, its
operations now also include the generation and sale of electricity in the
wholesale market.

                           INFORMATION ABOUT CONECTIV

Conectiv
800 King Street
Wilmington, DE 19801

   Conectiv began operations on March 1, 1998, upon completion of a series of
merger transactions involving Delmarva and Atlantic Energy, Inc. (the former
parent of Atlantic City Electric and which we refer to as Atlantic Energy).

Conectiv's primary businesses are: the supply and delivery of electricity and
gas in markets subject to price regulation (we refer to these as regulated
businesses), trading under the name "Conectiv Power Delivery;" and the supply
and trading of electricity and gas in markets not subject to price regulation
(we refer to these as non-regulated businesses), trading under the name
"Conectiv Energy."
These businesses, particularly the regulated businesses, are
weather sensitive and seasonal because sales of electricity are usually higher
during the summer months, due to air conditioning usage, and natural gas sales
are usually higher in the winter when gas is used for space-heating.
Conectiv
also has a telecommunications business.

   
Business Segments.
Conectiv currently has the following business segments:

  .  
"Power Delivery" includes activities related to delivery of electricity
     and gas to customers at regulated prices over transmission and
     distribution systems.
The Power Delivery business is conducted by
     Delmarva and Atlantic City Electric.
Rates charged to Delmarva's
     customers for delivery services are subject to regulation primarily by
     the Delaware Public Service Commission, Maryland Public Service
     Commission, and Virginia State Corporation Commission.
Rates charged to
     Atlantic City Electric's customers for electric delivery service are
     subject to regulation primarily by the New Jersey Board of Public
     Utilities.

  .  
"Energy" includes the following businesses, trading under the name
     "Conectiv Energy": (a) the generation, purchase, trading and sale of
     electricity, including the obligations of Delmarva and Atlantic City
     Electric to supply electricity to customers who do not choose an
     alternative electricity supplier; (b) gas and other energy supply and
     trading activities, (c) power plant operation services, and (d) district
     heating and cooling systems operation and construction services provided
     by an additional Conectiv subsidiary, Conectiv Thermal Systems, Inc.

  .  
"Telecommunications" represents services provided by another Conectiv
     subsidiary, Conectiv Communications, Inc., including local and long-
     distance telephone service and Internet services.
Conectiv initiated a
     process in 2000 to identify a strategic partner for CCI.
Due to
     weaknesses in the valuations of telecommunications businesses, Conectiv
     continues to evaluate its partnering or other options.

   
Electric Utility Industry Restructuring.
The electric utility businesses of
Delmarva and Atlantic City Electric were restructured in 1999 pursuant to
legislation enacted in Delaware, Maryland, and New Jersey and orders issued by
the Delaware Public Service Commission, Maryland Public Service Commission, and
New Jersey Board of Public Utilities.
Among other things, the electric
restructuring orders provided for the choice of alternative electricity
suppliers by customers, decreases in customer electric rates, recovery of
stranded costs (which are the uneconomic portion of assets and long-term
contracts that resulted from electric utility industry restructuring),
securitization of Atlantic City Electric's stranded costs, and the regulatory
treatment of any gain or loss arising from the divestiture of electric power
plants.
All customers in Atlantic City Electric's service area could choose an
alternative electricity supplier, effective August 1, 1999.
All of Delmarva's
Delaware and Maryland customers, or about 95% of Delmarva's customers, could
choose an alternative electricity supplier by October 1, 2000.

   
Mid-merit Electric Generation.
Conectiv is changing the types of electric
generating plants it owns in conjunction with implementing its asset-backed,
"merchant" strategy focusing on "mid-merit" electric generating plants.
Mid-
merit electric generating plants can quickly increase or decrease their
kilowatt-hour (or kWh) output level on an economic basis.
Mid-merit plants
typically have relatively low fixed operating and

maintenance costs and also can use different types of fuel.
These plants are
generally operated during times when demand for electricity rises and prices
are higher.
In contrast, baseload electric generating plants run almost
continuously to supply the base level of demand for electricity, or the minimum
demand level which generally always exists on an electrical system.
Conectiv
management expects that mid-merit electric generating plants will be more
profitable and provide higher returns on invested capital than baseload
electric generating plants.
Delmarva sold its ownership interests in baseload
nuclear electric generating plants on December 29, 2000, and the ownership
interests of Conectiv subsidiaries in other baseload electric generating plants
are expected to be sold during 2001, pursuant to existing agreements.

   
Conectiv plans to add to its mid-merit electric generating plants by
building combined cycle units, which include combustion turbines, waste heat
recovery boilers and a steam turbine.
On September 21, 2000, Conectiv announced
that it had ordered 21 combustion turbines, which, with additional equipment,
could be constructed into 8 combined cycle units.
Each combined cycle unit
would represent approximately 500 MW, allowing Conectiv to add up to 4,000 MW
of electric generating capacity or about $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion of plant.

Under an accelerated schedule, construction would occur in phases and would be
completed by the end of 2004.

   
Conectiv is actively working on developing sites for combined cycle units
within the PJM Interconnection region.
The three new combustion turbines
planned for the Hay Road site are expected to be installed during the summer of
2001 (adding 330 MW of capacity) and the waste heat recovery boiler and steam
turbine needed for combined cycle operation are expected to be installed by the
third quarter of 2002 (resulting in 550 MW of total capacity for the combined
cycle unit).
The expected installation dates of the combined cycle units could
change depending on whether suitable financing is obtained, construction
proceeds on schedule, permits and licenses are obtained as planned, and other
factors.

                        HOLDCO FOLLOWING THE TRANSACTION

Management of HoldCo

   Pepco and Conectiv agreed in the merger agreement that at the effective time
the HoldCo Board will consist of 12 persons, at least two of whom will come
from the current Conectiv Board and the remainder of whom will come from the
Pepco Board.
At the effective time, it is expected that John M. Derrick, Jr.,
chairman and chief executive officer of Pepco, will be chairman and chief
executive officer of HoldCo.


Operations and Headquarters of HoldCo

   
At the effective time, HoldCo will operate from and have its headquarters in
Washington, D.C.

Operations of Pepco

   At the effective time, Pepco will continue its operations from its
headquarters in Washington, D.C. substantially as currently operated.


Operations of Conectiv

   At the effective time, Conectiv will continue to maintain its headquarters
in Wilmington, Delaware and will continue to have significant operations in New
Jersey and on the Delmarva Peninsula.


Dividends

   HoldCo will adopt Pepco's dividend policy.
The annual dividend at the
expected effective time is anticipated to be $1.00 per share of HoldCo common
stock.
However, no assurance can be given that such dividend rate will be in
effect or will remain unchanged, and HoldCo reserves the right to increase or
decrease the dividend on HoldCo common stock as may be required by law or
contract or as may be determined by the HoldCo Board, in its discretion, to be
advisable.

                      
DESCRIPTION OF HOLDCO CAPITAL STOCK

   At or prior to the effective time of the transaction, HoldCo's current
certificate of incorporation and bylaws will be replaced with the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (which we refer to as the HoldCo
certificate) and the amended and restated bylaws (which we refer to as the
HoldCo bylaws), the material provisions of which are described below and which
are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annexes B and C,
respectively.
This summary of the characteristics of HoldCo's capital stock and
the rights of HoldCo stockholders under the HoldCo certificate and the HoldCo
bylaws at the effective time are qualified in all respects by reference to the
HoldCo certificate and the HoldCo bylaws.


HoldCo's Capitalization

   As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, HoldCo's total
authorized equity capitalization consists of 100 shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share.
These 100 shares are currently owned by Pepco, and will
be canceled, without any consideration, at the effective time.

   
At the effective time, the authorized equity capitalization of HoldCo will
be     shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, and     shares of
preferred stock, $  par value per share.


HoldCo
Preferred Stock

   The HoldCo Board has the authority under the HoldCo certificate to issue,
without any vote or action by the HoldCo stockholders, shares of HoldCo
preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, preferences,
rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the stock, including
the dividend rights, conversion rights, terms of redemption, including sinking
fund provisions, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting
any series.
The HoldCo Board may also fix the voting rights, if any, of a
series.

   
There are no shares of HoldCo preferred stock designated or outstanding as
of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and there are no existing
agreements or understandings for the designation of any series of preferred
stock or the issuance of preferred shares.

HoldCo
Common Stock

   This description of the HoldCo common stock assumes that no HoldCo preferred
stock is issued and outstanding and that the HoldCo Board has not determined
the rights and preferences of any shares of HoldCo preferred stock.
The rights
and preferences of the HoldCo common stock, as generally described below, may
change in relation to any shares of HoldCo preferred stock that might be issued
in the future.

   
Par Value.
The HoldCo common stock has a par value of $.01 per share.

   
Dividend Rights.
Subject to the prior rights, if any, of holders of HoldCo
preferred stock, holders of HoldCo common stock are entitled to any dividends
that might be declared by the HoldCo Board.
The HoldCo Board may pay these
dividends from any funds, property or shares legally available for this
purpose.

   
Voting Rights and Cumulative Voting.
Each share of HoldCo common stock is
entitled to one vote on all matters on which holders of common stock are
entitled to vote.
Holders of HoldCo common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights for the election of directors.

   
Preemptive Rights.
The holders of HoldCo common stock have no preemptive
rights to purchase additional shares of HoldCo common stock or other securities
of HoldCo.

   
Liquidation Rights.
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of HoldCo, after payment (or making provision for payment) of the debts and
liabilities of HoldCo and payment of the full preferential amounts to which the
holders of any series of preferred stock are entitled, unless otherwise
provided by the terms of any series of preferred stock, the holders of HoldCo
common stock are entitled to receive the net balance of any of HoldCo's
remaining assets.

                       
COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Controlling Law and Documents

   The rights of Pepco common and preferred stockholders are governed by the
corporate laws of the District of Columbia and Virginia, the Pepco restated
articles of incorporation and articles of restatement (which we refer to as the
Pepco articles), and the Pepco bylaws, as amended (which we refer to as the
Pepco bylaws).
The rights of Conectiv stockholders are governed by the
corporate law of the State of Delaware, the Conectiv restated certificate of
incorporation (which we refer to as the Conectiv certificate) and the Conectiv
bylaws.
In the transaction, holders of Pepco common stock and Conectiv stock
will become holders of HoldCo common stock.
The rights of HoldCo stockholders
will be governed by the corporate law of the state of Delaware, the HoldCo
certificate and the HoldCo bylaws.
The Pepco preferred stock will remain
outstanding after the transaction and the rights of holders of Pepco preferred
stock will remain unchanged.

   
The material differences between the rights of a Pepco common stockholder
under the Pepco articles, the Pepco bylaws and District of Columbia and
Virginia laws, or the rights of a Conectiv stockholder under the Conectiv
certificate and the Conectiv bylaws and Delaware law as of the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, on the one hand, and the rights of a holder
of HoldCo common stock under the HoldCo certificate, the HoldCo bylaws and
Delaware law as of the effective time, on the other hand, are summarized below.

   
This summary does not purport to be a complete statement of all differences,
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the relevant provisions of the
laws and the documents discussed below.
Also, this summary does not reflect any
rules of the NYSE that may apply to HoldCo, Pepco or Conectiv in connection
with the matters discussed.


Authorized Capital

   Pepco: Pepco's authorized equity capitalization consists of 216,550,000
shares of stock, of which 7,750,000 shares are designated as serial preferred
stock, par value $50 per share; 8,800,000 shares are designated as preference
stock, par value $25 per share; and 200,000,000 shares are designated as common
stock, par value $1 per share.

   
Conectiv: Conectiv's authorized equity capitalization consists of
150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share; 10,000,000 shares
of Class A common stock, par value $.01 per share; and 20,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $.01 per share.
Under the Conectiv certificate, the
Conectiv Board has the power to issue preferred stock and to designate its
rights and preferences, which might be superior to the Conectiv common stock
and Conectiv Class A common stock.
The Conectiv Board has designated 1,200,000
shares of preferred stock as Series One Junior Preferred Stock and 65,606
shares of preferred stock as Series Two Junior Preferred Stock and in each case
reserved such shares for issuance upon exercise of Conectiv's Preferred Stock
Purchase Rights distributed to holders of Conectiv stock in connection with
Conectiv's stockholder rights agreement.

   
HoldCo:
HoldCo's authorized equity capitalization consists of     shares of
HoldCo common stock, par value $.01 per share, and     shares of preferred
stock, par value $    per share.
Under the HoldCo certificate, the HoldCo Board
has the power to issue preferred stock and to designate its rights and
preferences, which might be superior to the rights of the HoldCo common stock.


Stockholder Action Without a Meeting

   Pepco: Under District of Columbia law, any action required or permitted to
be taken at a stockholders meeting may be taken without a meeting if a consent
in writing setting forth the action is signed by all stockholders entitled to
vote on that action, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the
stockholders' meetings.

   
Under Virginia law, any action required or permitted to be taken at a
stockholders meeting of a corporation with 300 or more stockholders may be
taken without a meeting and without action by the board of directors if the
action is taken by all the stockholders entitled to vote on that action, and is
evidenced by a writing describing the action taken, signed by all the
stockholders and delivered to the secretary of the corporation for inclusion in
the minutes of the stockholders' meetings.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Under Delaware law, unless a corporation's certificate
of incorporation provides otherwise, any action required to be taken at any
annual or special stockholders' meeting may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote if approved by written consent of stockholders
with not less than the minimum number of votes necessary to take the action at
a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on the action were present and
voted.
Both the Conectiv certificate and the HoldCo certificate require
stockholder action to be effected at a meeting of stockholders and prohibit
stockholder action by written consent.


Stockholder Inspection Rights

   Pepco: The laws of the District of Columbia provide that any stockholder of
record of at least 5% of all the outstanding shares of a corporation will have
the right to examine, in person, or by agent or attorney, at any reasonable
time or times, for any proper purpose, its record of stockholders and to make
extracts from that record.

   
Under Virginia law, a stockholder of a corporation is entitled to inspect
and copy, during regular business hours at the corporation's principal office,
minutes of stockholders' and directors' meetings, accounting records and
certain other records of the corporation if he gives the corporation written
notice of his demand at least 5 business days before the date on which he
wishes to inspect and copy.
A stockholder may inspect and copy the records only
if he has been a stockholder of record for at least 6 months immediately
preceding his demand or is the holder of record of at least 5% of all the
outstanding shares, his demand is made in good faith and for a proper purpose,
he describes with reasonable particularity his purpose and the records he
desires to inspect, and the records are directly connected with his purpose.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law provides that any stockholder of record,
in person or by attorney or other agent, upon a written demand under oath,
stating the stockholder's purpose, has the right during the usual hours for
business to inspect for any proper purpose the corporation's stock ledger, a
list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and to make copies
or extracts from those records.
A proper purpose means a purpose reasonably
related to the person's interest as a stockholder.
In every instance where an
attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the
demand under oath must be accompanied by a power of attorney or another writing
that authorizes the attorney or other agent to act on behalf of the
stockholder.
The demand under oath must be directed to the corporation at its
registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.


Required Stockholder Votes for Certain Reorganizations

   Pepco: Under the laws of the District of Columbia, unless the articles of
incorporation require otherwise, a plan of merger or consolidation requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each
class of stock of the corporation.
The required stockholder vote can not be
reduced to less than a majority of the outstanding shares.

   
Under Virginia law, a plan of merger must be approved by two-thirds of all
the votes entitled to be cast thereon by each voting group, provided that the
board of directors may require a greater vote and the articles of incorporation
may provide for a greater or lesser vote, so long as the vote provided for is
not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast by each voting group.

   
Pepco's articles and Pepco's bylaws provide that, to approve an
extraordinary transaction, the affirmative vote of (1) the holders of two-
thirds of the outstanding shares of Pepco common stock voting separately as a
class and (2) a majority of all outstanding shares of Pepco common and
preferred stock, voting together as a single class are the only votes required.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law requires stockholder approval of certain
mergers and consolidations, sales of all or substantially all of a
corporation's assets, and dissolution by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote thereon.
Such stockholder
approval is required for mergers or consolidations to which a Delaware
corporation is a constituent corporation, except for certain mergers involving
a parent company and its 90% owned subsidiaries, certain mergers where a
Delaware corporation's stock remains outstanding in a merger and the
corporation issues less than 20% of its stock pursuant to the merger and
certain mergers involving a holding company reorganization.
Neither the
Conectiv certificate nor the HoldCo certificate requires a different vote than
that required by Delaware law to approve an extraordinary transaction.


Anti-Takeover Laws and Provisions

   Pepco: The District of Columbia has not enacted any takeover defense
provisions.

   
Virginia law contains a provision that prohibits a corporation from engaging
in an "affiliated transaction" with a 10% stockholder for three years following
the acquisition of the 10% stake, unless that transaction is approved by a
majority of the corporation's disinterested directors and the holders of two-
thirds of the shares not held by the 10% stockholder or the corporation has
elected not to be bound by this provision.
Virginia law also contains a
"control share" provision whereby the voting rights of a stockholder are
eliminated with respect to shares, the acquisition of which causes the
percentage of shares beneficially owned by such stockholder to exceed one of
several percentage thresholds, unless a resolution granting voting power is
approved by a majority of all votes which could be cast in a directors'
election, excluding certain shares including those of the acquiring
stockholder, or the corporation has elected not to be bound by this provision.

Virginia law also includes a provision permitting a board of directors to adopt
a "poison pill.
"

   Conectiv and HoldCo:  
Delaware law generally prohibits a stockholder that
owns 15% or more of a Delaware corporation's outstanding voting stock (which we
refer to as an interested stockholder) from engaging in certain business
combinations involving the corporation during the three years after the time
the person became an interested stockholder unless, among other things:

  .  
prior to such time, the board of directors approved either the business
     combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
     becoming an interested stockholder;

  .  
upon the consummation of the transaction which resulted in the
     stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the stockholder owned at
     least 85% of the voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction
     commenced; or

  .  
at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by
     the board of directors and by the stockholders at a meeting by a vote of
     at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by
     interested stockholders.

   
The business combinations subject to such restriction include, with certain
exceptions, mergers, consolidations, sales of assets, issuances of stock and
transactions providing a financial benefit with or to the interested
stockholder.

   
Delaware law does not contain a law such as the Virginia control share
provision.


Stockholder Rights Plans

   Pepco: Pepco does not currently have a stockholder rights plan, commonly
known as a "poison pill" plan.

   
Conectiv: Each share of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class
A common
stock has attached to it the right to purchase preferred shares issued under a
Conectiv stockholder rights agreement.
These rights would become exercisable
if, without the approval of the Conectiv Board, a person or group becomes the
beneficial owner of 15% or more of the total voting power represented by
Conectiv's outstanding voting stock (such a person or group being referred to
as an Acquiring Person) or after commencement of a tender or exchange offer
that would result in any person or group becoming an Acquiring Person.
Conectiv
has taken all necessary actions to render these rights inapplicable to the
transactions under the merger agreement.

   
HoldCo:
HoldCo does not currently have a stockholder rights plan.


Dissenters' Appraisal Rights

   Pepco: Virginia law allows stockholders to dissent from, and obtain payment
for the fair value of their shares in the event of specified corporate actions,
including mergers, share exchanges and sales of property.
The right to dissent
and obtain a fair value payment is not available under Virginia law for holders
of shares of any class or series which were listed on a national securities
exchange or on NASDAQ or were held by at least 2,000 record stockholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to dissent is available if:

  .  
the articles of incorporation so provide;

  .  
the transaction is an affiliated transaction, as defined in the Virginia
     Stock Corporation Act; or

  .  
in the case of a merger or share exchange, the stockholders are required
     to accept anything other than cash or shares or membership interests of
     the surviving corporation or limited liability company or any other
     corporation or limited liability company that were either listed on a
     national securities exchange or held of record by at least 2,000 holders
     at the time of the record date for the stockholders' meeting.

   
Under the law of the District of Columbia, if a stockholder files, prior to
or at the meeting where the matter is submitted to a vote, written objection to
a proposed merger or consolidation, and within 20 days after the merger or
consolidation is effected, he or she may make written demand on the surviving
corporation for payment of the fair value of his or her shares.
A stockholder
failing to make the demand within the 20-day period will be bound by the terms
of the merger or consolidation.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law entitles the holders of a corporation's
stock to dissent from and obtain a judicial appraisal of the fair value for
their shares in the event of certain corporate actions.
Subject to certain
exceptions, limitations and conditions, stockholders of corporations
incorporated in Delaware may dissent from an agreement of merger.
Delaware law
provides that shares listed on a national securities exchange or designated as
a National Market System security on an interdealer quotation system by the
National Association of Securities Dealers and shares that are held of record
by more than 2,000 holders do not carry dissenters' appraisal rights unless the
holders thereof are required to accept in consideration of their shares
anything other than shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting
from the merger, listed securities or cash in lieu of fractional shares.

   
The provisions of the District of Columbia Business Corporation Act, the
Virginia Stock Corporation Act and the Delaware General Corporation Law
governing dissenter's rights are included as Annexes F, G and H, respectively,
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
For more information regarding
dissenters' rights, see also "Dissenters' Appraisal Rights" on page 54.


Size, Classification and Terms of Board of Directors

   Pepco: Under the Pepco bylaws, the Pepco Board consists of eleven directors,
divided into three classes.
The directors of each of the three classes serve
staggered three-year terms.

   
Conectiv: Delaware law provides that a corporation can have one or more
directors, as provided in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws.
The
Conectiv certificate provides for a board of directors consisting of not fewer
than nine and not more than eighteen directors, the exact number of directors
to be determined from time to time by resolution of the Conectiv Board.
The
Conectiv certificate provides that directors shall be divided into three
classes to provide for staggered terms, with each class consisting, as nearly
as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors.
The
directors in each class are elected for three year terms.

   
HoldCo:
Delaware law provides that a corporation can have one or more
directors, as provided in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws.
The
HoldCo certificate provides for a board of twelve, unless otherwise specified
in the certificate, as amended from time to time, or in the bylaws, the HoldCo
certificate further provides that the number of directors shall not be less
than six nor more than fifteen, and that the number of directors may be
increased or decreased from time to time as provided in the HoldCo bylaws.
The
certificate provides that the directors shall be divided into three classes
(designated Class I, Class II, and Class III) to provide for staggered terms,
with each class consisting, as nearly as possible of one-third of the total
number of directors.
The terms of the initial Class I directors will expire at
the     annual meeting, the terms of the initial Class II directors will expire
at the     annual meeting, and the terms of the initial Class III directors
will expire at the     annual meeting, and thereafter each class of directors
will serve a three year term.


Director and Officer Liability; Indemnification

   Pepco: Under District of Columbia law, a corporation may indemnify against
expenses any directors or officers made party to a proceeding by reason of his
service as such, except in relation to matters as to which any such director or
officer shall be adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the
performance of duty.
Such indemnification is not exclusive of any other rights
to which those indemnified may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote of
shareholders or otherwise.

   
Virginia law provides that a corporation may indemnify against certain
liabilities and expenses an officer or director made a party to a proceeding by
reason of his service in such capacity if the director or officer acted in good
faith and (i) he believed, in the case of conduct undertaken in his official
capacity, that such conduct was in the best interests of the corporation or, in
the case of other conduct, that the other conduct was not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation or (ii) in the case of a criminal proceeding, he
had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
However, a
corporation may not indemnify a director or officer if he was found liable to a
corporation in a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation or for
receiving improper personal benefit.
Unless limited by its articles of
incorporation, a corporation must indemnify against reasonable expenses a
director or officer who prevails in defense of any proceeding.
In addition, a
corporation must indemnify a director or officer if so ordered by a court.
A
corporation may advance expenses to a director or officer under certain
conditions.

   
Article II, Section 9 of the Pepco bylaws provides that, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, Pepco will indemnify any officer, director or employee
of Pepco and may indemnify any other person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
Pepco or is or was serving at the request of Pepco as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another enterprise against expenses (including attorneys'
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection with any such matter, except in relation
to matters as to which such person is finally adjudged to have knowingly
violated the criminal law or is liable for willful misconduct in the
performance of his duty to Pepco.


The termination of any action by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or
upon a plea of nolo contendere shall not of itself create a presumption that
the person was guilty of willful misconduct.
The foregoing right of
indemnification is not exclusive of any other right to which such persons may
be entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or otherwise.

   
Article II, Section 11 of the Pepco bylaws provides that in any proceeding
brought by a stockholder in the right of Pepco or on behalf of Pepco
stockholders, no director or officer will be liable for any monetary damages
unless the director or officer engaged in willful misconduct or a knowing
violation of criminal law.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo: Under Delaware law, the certificate of incorporation
may include a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of
directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
except for breach of the duty of loyalty, for acts not in good faith or
involving intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, for acts from
which the director derived an improper personal benefit, or for the unlawful
declaration of dividends or the unlawful repurchase or redemption of capital
stock.
The Conectiv certificate provides for the elimination of the personal
liability of directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty,
except for acts for which no such elimination of liability is permitted in
Delaware law.
The HoldCo certificate also provides for the elimination of the
personal liability of directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty, except for such acts enumerated in the DGCL for which no such elimination
of liability is permitted.

   
Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify against certain
liabilities and expenses an officer, director, employee or agent of the
corporation, or a person serving at the request of the corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another entity, who is made a party to
certain proceedings by reason of his or her service in such capacity if such
person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to
any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct
was unlawful.
However, under the Delaware law, a corporation may not indemnify
any person with respect to any claim or issue as to which such person was found
liable to the corporation in a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation, unless indemnification of expenses is ordered by a court.
Delaware
law provides that a corporation must indemnify against reasonable expenses a
present or former director or officer of the corporation who is made a party to
any proceeding by reason of his or her service in such capacity and who is
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein.
Delaware law permits a corporation to advance expenses to a
director or officer under certain conditions.

   
The Conectiv certificate provides that Conectiv shall indemnify directors or
officers of Conectiv, as well as persons serving at the request of Conectiv as
directors, officers, agents or employees of any other entity, to the full
extent permitted by applicable law in connection with certain actions, suits or
proceedings, and that Conectiv may, by action of the Conectiv Board, indemnify
employees or agents of Conectiv to the full extent permitted by applicable law
in connection with certain actions, suits or proceedings.
The Conectiv
certificate also requires Conectiv to advance expenses to directors and
officers of Conectiv, as well as persons serving at the request of Conectiv as
directors, officers, agents or employees of another entity, under certain
circumstances.

   
The HoldCo certificate provides that HoldCo shall indemnify and advance
expenses to directors, officers and employees of HoldCo, and may indemnify or
advance expenses to any other persons, who are or were or are threatened to be
made parties to certain actions, suits or proceedings by reason of their
service as directors, officers, employees, or agents of HoldCo or their service
at the request of HoldCo as directors, officers, agents or employees of another
entity, to the full extent permitted by applicable law.


Election of Directors

   Pepco: Under the Pepco bylaws, holders of Pepco common stock are entitled to
one vote per share in elections of directors.
Directors are elected at meetings
of stockholders by a plurality of the votes cast at a

meeting of stockholders present and entitled to vote in the election.
Holders
of Pepco preferred stock generally have no voting rights, except that during
periods when dividends payable to Pepco preferred stock are in default in an
amount equal to four full quarter-yearly dividends, the holders of Pepco
preferred stock are entitled to elect separately 25% of the Pepco Board, or the
smallest number of directors that exceeds 25%, but in no event fewer than two
directors.
The Pepco articles do not allow for cumulative voting for directors.

   
Conectiv: Under the Conectiv certificate and the Conectiv bylaws, holders of
Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock are entitled to one
vote per share in elections of directors.
Directors are elected by a plurality
of the votes of the shares of Conectiv stock that are present, in person or by
proxy, and entitled to vote in the election.
Under Delaware law, stockholders
of a Delaware corporation do not have the right to cumulate their votes in the
election of directors, unless such right is granted in the certificate of
incorporation of the corporation.
The Conectiv certificate does not allow for
cumulative voting.

   
HoldCo:
Under the HoldCo bylaws, holders of HoldCo common stock are entitled
to one vote per share in elections of directors.
Directors are elected by a
plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders by the stockholders
entitled to vote in the election.
Under Delaware law, stockholders of a
Delaware corporation do not have the right to cumulate their votes in the
election of directors, unless such right is granted in the certificate of
incorporation of the corporation.
The HoldCo certificate does not allow for
cumulative voting.


Removal of Directors

   Pepco: Under Article IX of the Pepco articles and Article II, Section 8 of
Pepco's bylaws, a director elected by the holders of Pepco common stock may be
removed only for cause, by a majority vote of the holders of Pepco common stock
at a special meeting called for that purpose.
Any director elected by the
holders of Pepco preferred stock may be removed only for cause by a vote of the
holders of a majority of the Pepco preferred stock, at a special meeting called
for that purpose.

   
Conectiv: The Conectiv certificate provides that a member of the Conectiv
Board may be removed only for cause, at an annual meeting or a special meeting
of the stockholders called for that purpose, by a vote of not less than a
majority of votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all the then
outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote in the election of
directors generally.

   
HoldCo:
Under the HoldCo certificate, directors of HoldCo may be removed
only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of HoldCo capital stock entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors (considered for this purpose as one class) cast at a
meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose.


Vacancies on the Board and Newly Created Directorships

   Pepco: The Pepco bylaws provide that any vacancy, from any cause other than
an increase in the number of directors, occurring among the directors must be
filled without undue delay by a majority of the remaining directors who were
elected, by the same class of stockholders as the class that elected the last
incumbent of the vacant directorship.
The term of any director elected by the
remaining directors to fill a vacancy (other than one caused by an increase in
the number of directors) expires at the next stockholders' meeting at which
directors are elected.
Vacancies created by an increase in directors are filled
by the stockholders.

   
Conectiv: The Conectiv certificate provides that newly created directorships
and vacancies in the Conectiv Board shall be filled by a majority of the
directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining
director.

   HoldCo:
The HoldCo certificate provides that any vacancy on the HoldCo Board
that results from an increase in the authorized number of directors elected by
all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be
filled by a majority of the entire HoldCo Board.
The HoldCo certificate
provides that all

other vacancies in the HoldCo Board may be filled by a majority of the
directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining
director.


Loans to Directors and Officers

   Pepco: District of Columbia law prohibits loans by a corporation to its
directors or officers.
The directors of a corporation who vote for the making
of a loan to a director, and any officer participating in the making of such
loan, shall be jointly and severally liable to the corporation for the amount
of such loan until repayment.

   
There is no provision of Virginia law addressing this topic.
The Pepco
articles and the Pepco bylaws are likewise silent as to loans to directors.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law permits a corporation to lend money to,
guarantee an obligation of or otherwise assist an officer or employee
(including an officer or employee who is a director) if, in the judgment of the
board of directors, the action may reasonably be expected to benefit the
corporation.
The loan, guaranty or other assistance may be with or without
interest and may be unsecured or secured, as the board approves, including by a
pledge of shares of the stock of the corporation.
The Conectiv certificate and
the Conectiv bylaws are also silent as to this topic.
The HoldCo certificate
and the HoldCo bylaws are silent as to this topic.


Dividend and Distribution Rights

   Pepco: District of Columbia law allows the board of directors of a
corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the corporation's
articles of incorporation, to declare and pay dividends on its outstanding
shares in cash, property or its own shares, provided that no dividend may be
declared or paid if after such payment the corporation would be insolvent as
its remaining assets would be less than its stated capital.

   
Under Virginia law, a board of directors may authorize and the corporation
may make distributions to its stockholders, subject to restriction by the
articles of incorporation, provided that no distribution may be made if, after
giving it effect, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they
become due in the usual course of business or the corporation's assets would be
less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount needed, if the
corporation were dissolved at the time of the distributor, to satisfy
preferential rights, upon dissolution, of stockholders whose preferential
rights are superior to those receiving the distribution.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law provides that, subject to any restrictions
contained in a corporation's certificate of incorporation, the directors may
declare and pay dividends either:

  .  
out of the corporation's surplus; or

  .  
if there is no surplus, out of the corporation's net profits for the
     fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding
     fiscal year, unless the corporation's capital is diminished by
     depreciation to an amount less than the aggregate capital represented by
     the corporation's issued and outstanding stock having a distribution
     preference.

   
The Conectiv certificate further generally limits:

  .  dividends on the Conectiv common stock to the amount that would be
     legally available for the payment of common stock dividends under
     Delaware law if Conectiv's Residual Group were a separate Delaware
     corporation; and

  .  dividends on the Conectiv Class A common stock to the amount that would
     be legally available for the payment of common stock dividends under
     Delaware law if Conectiv's Atlantic Utility Group were a separate
     Delaware corporation.


There are no restrictions in HoldCo's certificate regarding dividend
distribution rights.
The dividends of HoldCo common stock, however, are subject
to the rights of the holders of HoldCo preferred stock.

   
In addition, the 1935 Act prohibits Conectiv and HoldCo from paying
dividends out of capital or unearned surplus without the prior approval of the
SEC.


Calling Special Stockholder Meetings

   Pepco: Pepco's bylaws provide that the Pepco Board, the executive committee
or holders of record of not less than one-fifth of all the outstanding shares
entitled to vote at a meeting may call a special meeting of stockholders.

   
Conectiv: Conectiv's certificate provides that special meetings of the
stockholders may be called only by the Chairman of the Conectiv Board or by the
Conectiv Board pursuant to a resolution approved by a majority of the entire
Conectiv Board.

   HoldCo:
HoldCo's certificate provides that special meetings may be called
only by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire HoldCo Board.


Stockholder Proposal and Nomination Procedures

   Pepco: Under the Pepco bylaws, a stockholder proposal or nomination will be
considered at an annual meeting if the stockholder has given timely notice to
the Secretary not less than 60 days nor more than 85 days prior to the meeting;
provided, however, that in the event that less than sixty-five days' notice or
prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to
stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be received not later
than the close of business on the fifteenth day following the day on which such
notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure
was made, whichever first occurs.

   
Conectiv: The Conectiv certificate provides that any stockholder proposal or
nomination for election to the Conectiv Board brought before Conectiv's annual
meeting must be received by Conectiv not less than 60 days nor more than 90
days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting.
If
the date of such annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by
more than 60 days, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be received not
earlier than the ninetieth day prior to such annual meeting and not later than
the close of business on the later of (1) the sixtieth day prior to such annual
meeting or (2) the tenth day following the date on which notice of the date of
the annual meeting was given.
The Conectiv certificate of incorporation also
provides that no business may be brought before a special meeting by
stockholders.

   
HoldCo:
Under the HoldCo bylaws, a stockholder proposal or nomination will
be considered at an annual meeting if the stockholder has given timely notice
to the Secretary not less than 85 days nor more than 115 days prior to the
meeting; provided, however, that in the event that less than 85 days' notice or
prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to
stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be received not later
than the close of business on the fifteenth day following the day on which such
notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure
was made, whichever first occurs.


Amendment of Articles

   Pepco: District of Columbia law provides that unless the articles of
incorporation provide otherwise, an amendment must be adopted by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote as a class in respect thereof and the total outstanding
shares entitled to vote.
In no event may approval be reduced to lower than a
majority of the shares entitled to vote.

   
Virginia law provides that the board of directors may condition its
submission of a proposed charter amendment to the shareholders on any basis.
To
be adopted, the amendment must be approved by a two-thirds

vote of each voting group entitled to vote thereon, provided that the directors
may require a greater vote or the articles of incorporation may provide for a
greater or lesser vote, so long as the vote provided for is not less than a
majority.

   
Under the Pepco articles, as long as any shares of Pepco preferred stock are
outstanding, no amendments to the Pepco articles may be effected which would
(1) create, change junior stock into, or increase the rights and preferences of
any senior or parity stock, (2) increase the authorized amount of Pepco
preferred stock or any senior or parity stock, or (3) change the express terms
of outstanding Pepco preferred stock in a manner substantially prejudicial to
the holders thereof, without the affirmative consent of the holders of more
than two-thirds of the aggregate shares of preferred stock then outstanding (or
of any particular series thereof that is disproportionately prejudiced by such
amendment).

   
The Pepco articles also provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of
four-fifths of all the capital stock entitled to vote shall be required to
amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Pepco articles relating to the
establishment of the classified board and removal of directors, and the
provisions of the Pepco bylaws relating to the bringing of stockholder business
before meetings and the calling of special stockholder meetings.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law provides that the board of directors may
propose amendments to a corporation's certificate of incorporation.
Proposed
amendments must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares entitled to vote, and a majority of each class entitled
to vote thereon as a separate class, unless the corporation's certificate of
incorporation requires a larger percentage.
Additionally, Delaware law requires
that certain amendments must be approved by a separate vote of a class or
series of stock whether or not entitled to vote thereon by the articles of
incorporation, if, among other things, the amendment would adversely affect the
rights or preferences of such class or series.

   
Although Conectiv's certificate provides generally that amendments to the
Conectiv certificate may be approved by a majority vote of the aggregate vote
that the holders of the Conectiv's capital stock are entitled to cast on the
amendment, a vote of at least 80% of the aggregate vote that the holders of the
Conectiv's capital stock are entitled to cast on amendment is required for: (1)
amendments to the provisions authorizing the Conectiv Board to issue and fix
the rights of preferred stock; (2) amendments to the provisions dividing the
Conectiv Board into classes or providing that directors may be removed only for
cause; (3) amendments to the provisions limiting who may call special
stockholder meetings, and the ability of stockholders to act without a meeting
and providing time requirements for the submission of stockholders' proposals;
and (4) amendments that modify these supermajority voting requirements.

   
Under the HoldCo certificate, any provision within Article V (Directors) of
the HoldCo certificate may be amended or repealed only upon the affirmative
vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of HoldCo capital
stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (considered for
this purpose as one class) cast at a meeting of the stockholders called for
that purpose.


Amendment of Bylaws

   Pepco: Virginia law provides that a corporation's board of directors may
amend or repeal bylaws except to the extent that (1) such right is reserved
exclusively to the stockholders in the articles of incorporation or by statute
or (2) the stockholders, in adopting or amending a particular bylaw, provide
expressly that the board of directors may not amend or repeal that bylaw.
Under
the VSCA, stockholders may amend or repeal bylaws even though the bylaws also
may be amended or repealed by the board of directors.
District of Columbia law
provides that the power to adopt, alter and repeal bylaws as vested in the
stockholders except to the extent that the charter or bylaws vests such power
in the board of directors.
Under the Pepco bylaws, the Pepco Board may amend or
repeal the Pepco bylaws at any meeting of the Pepco Board, by the affirmative
vote of not less than the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum.

   
Conectiv and HoldCo:
Delaware law provides that the power to adopt, amend,
and repeal bylaws shall be in the stockholders entitled to vote; provided that
any corporation may in its certificate of incorporation, confer upon the
directors, in addition to the stockholders, the power to adopt, amend, and
repeal bylaws.

   
The Conectiv certificate authorizes the Conectiv Board to make, alter, amend
or repeal the Conectiv bylaws.
The Conectiv certificate also provides that
stockholders shall have the power to amend the Conectiv bylaws only by the
affirmative vote of 80% or more of the aggregate number of votes that the
holders of the then outstanding shares of Conectiv stock are entitled to cast
on the amendment.

   
The HoldCo certificate authorizes the HoldCo Board to make, alter, amend or
repeal the HoldCo bylaws.
Under the HoldCo certificate, Article II of the
HoldCo bylaws (Directors) may be amended, altered or repealed by action of the
stockholders only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of HoldCo capital stock entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors (considered for this purpose as one class) cast at a
meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose.

                   
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PEPCO ANNUAL MEETING

   
In addition to the vote on the proposals to approve the merger agreement and
the HoldCo Long-Term Incentive Plan, the following matters will, or may, in the
case of the stockholder proposal described below, be brought before the Pepco
annual meeting:

Election of Directors

   At the Pepco meeting, three directors are to be elected to the Pepco Board
by the holders of the common stock to hold office for three-year terms that
expire in 2004, and until their respective successors shall have been elected
and qualified.
In addition, one director is to be elected to hold office for a
two-year term that expires in 2003 and one director is to be elected to hold
office for a one-year term that expires in 2002.
Eleven directors constitute
the entire Pepco Board.

 
Can a stockholder nominate someone for election as a director of Pepco?

   
Under Pepco's bylaws, a stockholder may nominate an individual for election
as a director at a future Annual Meeting by giving written notice of the
stockholder's intention to Pepco's Secretary at 1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20068, not less than 60 days nor more than 85 days prior to
the meeting (or if Pepco gives less than 65 days public notice of the meeting,
then the written notice must be received no later than the close of business on
the fifteenth day following the date of public notice of the meeting).
The
notice provided to the Secretary must set forth the name, residence and record
address of the nominating stockholder and the class and number of shares of
capital stock of Pepco beneficially owned by such stockholder; and, for each
nominee, the name, age, business address, residence address, principal
occupation or employment, the class and number of shares of the capital stock
of Pepco that are beneficially owned by the nominee, and any other information
concerning the nominee that would be required to be included in a proxy
statement.
Pepco will publicly announce the date of its 2002 Annual Meeting at
a later date.

   
Any stockholder also may recommend for the consideration of the Nominating
Committee one or more candidates who would serve as a Pepco nominee for
election as a director.
Recommendations for the 2002 Annual Meeting must be
received by Pepco by November 6, 2001, and must be accompanied by the
information described in the preceding paragraph.

 
What vote is required to elect the directors?

   
Nominees for each of respective classes will be elected by a plurality of
the votes cast.

 
How will proxies be voted?

   
The persons named in the enclosed proxy card will vote the shares in
accordance with the instructions given or, if no instructions are given, the
named persons will vote the shares for the election of each of the nominees of
the Pepco Board.
Each nominee has confirmed that he or she is willing to serve
as a director.
Should any of the nominees, prior to the annual meeting, become
unavailable to serve as a director for any reason, another nominee may be
selected by the Pepco Board, in which case the proxies will be voted for the
replacement nominee.

 
Who are the nominees for director?

                       NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS

                           For Terms Expiring in 2004

                     JOHN M. DERRICK, JR., age 60, has been Chairman of the
                     Board of Pepco since May 1999 and Chief Executive Officer
                     since October 1997.
From 1992 to May 2000, he also served
                     as President and from 1992 to October 1997, he also
                     served as Chief Operating Officer of Pepco.
Mr. Derrick
                     has been a director of Pepco since 1994.
Mr. Derrick is a
                     director of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust.

[Photo of John
Derrick]

                     PETER F. O'MALLEY, age 61, is Of Counsel to O'Malley,
                     Miles, Nylen & Gilmore, P.A., a law firm headquartered in
                     Calverton, Maryland.
Mr. O'Malley currently serves as the
                     President of Aberdeen Creek Corp., a privately held
                     company engaged in investment, business consulting and
                     development activities.
He has been a director of Pepco
                     since 1982.
Mr. O'Malley is a director of Legg Mason,
                     Inc. and FTI Consulting.

[Photo of Peter
O'Malley]

                     DENNIS R. WRAASE, age 56, has been President and Chief
                     Operating Officer of Pepco since January 2001.
He was
                     President and Chief Financial Officer of Pepco from May
                     2000 until January 2001.
From 1999 to 2000, he was
                     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and
                     from 1996 until 1999, he was Senior Vice President and
                     Chief Financial Officer of Pepco.
Mr. Wraase has been a
                     director of Pepco since 1998.

[Photo of
Dennis Wraase]

                           For Term Expiring in 2002

                     PAULINE A. SCHNEIDER, age 57, joined the Washington
                     office of the law firm of Hunton & Williams in 1985 and
                     has been a partner there since 1987.
In October 2000, Ms.
                     Schneider was elected Chair of the Board of MedStar
                     Health, Inc., a community-based healthcare organization
                     that includes seven major hospitals in the Washington,
                     D.C./Baltimore area.
Also, since, 1998, she has chaired
                     the Board of The Access Group, Inc., a not for profit
                     student loan provider headquartered in Wilmington,
                     Delaware.
Ms. Schneider was elected as a director by the
                     Pepco Board in April 2001 to fill a vacancy on the Pepco
                     Board.
In accordance with Pepco's bylaws, the term of any
                     director elected by the Pepco Board expires at the next
                     Annual Meeting.
To continue to serve until 2002, Ms.
                     Schneider must be elected by action of the stockholders
                     at the 2001 Annual Meeting.


[Photo of
Pauline A.
Schneider]

                           For Term Expiring in 2003

                     LAWRENCE C. NUSSDORF, age 54, since 1998 has been
                     President and Chief Operating Officer of Clark
                     Enterprises, Inc., a holding company based in Bethesda,
                     Maryland, which includes The Clark Construction Group, a
                     general contracting company, of which Mr. Nussdorf has
                     been Vice President and Treasurer since 1977.
Mr.
                     Nussdorf was elected as a director by the Pepco Board in
                     April 2001 to fill a vacancy on the Pepco Board.
In
                     accordance with Pepco's bylaws, the term of any director
                     elected by the Pepco Board expires at the next Annual
                     Meeting.
To continue to serve until 2003, Mr. Nussdorf
                     must be elected by action of the stockholders at the 2001
                     Annual Meeting.

[Photo of
Lawrence
Nussdorf]

                         DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE

                              Terms Expire in 2002

                     EDMUND B. CRONIN, Jr., age 63, is Chairman of the Board,
                     President and Chief Executive Officer of Washington Real
                     Estate Investment Trust, based in Rockville, Maryland,
                     which owns income-producing real estate in the mid-
                     Atlantic Region.
Mr. Cronin has been a director of Pepco
                     since 1998.

[Photo of
Edmund Cronin]

                     JUDITH A. McHALE, age 54, is President and Chief
                     Operating Officer of Discovery Communications, Inc.
                     (DCI), parent company of cable television's Discovery
                     Channel, which is based in Bethesda, Maryland.
Ms. McHale
                     has been a director of Pepco since 1998.
She is a
                     director of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc. and
                     Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation.

[Photo of
Judith McHale]

                     A. THOMAS YOUNG, age 62, is retired Executive Vice
                     President of Lockheed Martin Corporation.
From 1990 until
                     1995, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of
                     Martin Marietta Corporation.
Mr. Young has been a
                     director of Pepco since 1995.
He is a director of the
                     B.F. Goodrich Company and Science Applications
                     International Corporation.

[Photo of A.
Thomas Young]

                         DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE

                              Terms Expire in 2003

                     TERENCE C. GOLDEN, age 56, is Chairman of Bailey Capital
                     Corporation in Washington, D.C. Bailey Capital
                     Corporation is a private investment company.
From 1995
                     until 2000, Mr. Golden was President, Chief Executive
                     Officer and a director of Host Marriott Corporation.
He
                     continues to serve as a director of Host Marriott
                     Corporation.
Mr. Golden has been a director of Pepco
                     since 1998.
He is also a director of Cousins Properties,
                     Inc., American Classic Voyages, Inc. and the Morris &
                     Gwendolyn Cafritz Foundation.

[Photo of
Terence C.
Golden]

                     FLORETTA D. McKENZIE, age 65, is the Chairwoman and Chief
                     Executive Officer of The McKenzie Group, Inc., a District
                     of Columbia based educational consulting firm.
Dr.
                     McKenzie has been a director of Pepco since 1988.
                     
Dr. McKenzie is a director of Marriott International,
                     Inc.

[Photo of
Floretta D.
McKenzie]

                     EDWARD F. MITCHELL, age 69, is retired Chairman of the
                     Board of Pepco, a position he held from 1992-1999.
He was
                     Chief Executive Officer from 1989-1997.
He has been a
                     director of Pepco since 1980.

[Photo of
Edward F.
Mitchell]

 What are the Committees of the Pepco Board?
How often did the Pepco Board and
 each Committee of the Pepco Board meet in 2000?

   
The Pepco Board held ten meetings in 2000.
There are six Committees of the
Pepco Board.
With the exception of the Executive Committee, the members of each
committee are independent, non-employee directors.
In 2000, each director
attended more than 75% of the aggregate number of Pepco Board and Committee
meetings of which he or she was a member that were held during the period of
his or her service.

   
The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2000.
The Audit Committee
represents and assists the Pepco Board in discharging its responsibility of
oversight, but the existence of the Committee does not alter the traditional
roles and responsibilities of Pepco's management and the independent accountant
with respect to the accounting and control functions and financial statement
presentation.
For a more detailed description of the Audit Committee's duties
and responsibilities see the Audit Committee Report on page 135 of this joint
proxy

statement/prospectus and the Audit Committee Charter included as Annex J to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Committee members are Directors Blunt
(Chairman), Cronin, Golden, McHale, McKenzie and Young.

   
The Corporate Governance Committee held two meetings in 2000.
The
Committee's duties and responsibilities include making recommendations to the
Pepco Board regarding the governance of Pepco and of the Pepco Board, helping
to ensure that Pepco is properly managed to protect and enhance stockholder
value and to meet Pepco's obligations to stockholders, to the industry and to
the law.
The Committee also recommends amendments to Pepco's articles and
bylaws, makes recommendations regarding the structure, charter, practices and
policies of the Pepco Board, ensures processes are in place and reports to the
Pepco Board regarding annual CEO performance appraisal, succession planning and
management development.
Committee members are Directors Cronin, Maxwell,
McHale, McKenzie, O'Malley (Chairman) and Young.

   
The Executive Committee did not meet in 2000.
The Committee has, and may
exercise when the Pepco Board is not in session, all the powers of the Pepco
Board in the management of the property, business and affairs of Pepco except
as otherwise provided by law.
The Committee does not hold regularly scheduled
meetings.
Committee members are Directors Blunt, Derrick, McKenzie, Mitchell
(Chairman) and Wraase.

   
The Finance Committee held two meetings in 2000.
The Committee is
responsible for reviewing, approving or ratifying and recommending to the Pepco
Board, as appropriate, Pepco's financial planning, financing program and
investment programs, and for reviewing activities, progress and results with
respect to such planning and programs.
The Committee also reviews the capital
allocation and structure of Pepco.
Committee members are Directors Cronin,
Golden, Maxwell, Mitchell, O'Malley and Young.

   
The Nominating Committee held one meeting in 2000.
The Committee reviews and
recommends to the Pepco Board candidates for nomination for election as
directors.
Committee members are Directors Cronin, Golden, McKenzie (Chairman),
McHale and Young.

   
The Human Resources Committee held three meetings in 2000.
The Committee
exercises the powers of the Pepco Board with respect to Pepco's annual salary
administration program for all exempt employees.
The Committee makes specific
salary recommendations for senior officers and employees and administers
Pepco's executive compensation plans.
The Committee also makes recommendations
to the Pepco Board with respect to Pepco's General Retirement Plan and other
benefit plans.
Committee members are Directors Blunt, Golden, Maxwell
(Chairman), McHale, Mitchell and O'Malley.

 
What are the directors paid for their services?

   
Each of Pepco's non-employee directors is paid an annual retainer of
$26,000, plus a fee of $1,250 for each Pepco Board and Committee meeting
attended.
Each director who is a Chairman of a Committee is paid an additional
retainer of $3,500.

   
The Stock Compensation Plan for Directors requires each director who is not
an employee of Pepco to receive half of his or her $26,000 annual retainer
either (i) in shares of Pepco common stock or (ii) as a Pepco common stock
equivalent deferral under Pepco's Deferred Compensation Plan, the value of
which corresponds to the market price of Pepco's common stock.
A director may
elect to receive up to 100% of his or her retainer and meeting fees in shares
of Pepco common stock or Pepco common stock equivalents.
Pepco common stock
equivalents are credited with additional amounts equal to the dividend payout
on the corresponding number of shares of Pepco common stock, which amounts are
deemed reinvested in additional Pepco common stock equivalents.
Pepco common
stock equivalents have no voting rights.
A director alternatively may elect to
be paid in cash or to defer under the Deferred Compensation Plan the portion of
his or her annual retainer and meeting fee payments not required to be invested
in Pepco common stock or Pepco common stock equivalents.
Such deferrals are
credited, at the election of the director, with a return equal to the prime
rate, a return on a specified group of funds or a combination of both.
Balances
under the Deferred Compensation Plan, including

Pepco common stock equivalent balances, are paid out in cash, in either a lump
sum or installments, commencing at a time selected by the director.

   
On May 1 of each year, each non-employee director is granted an option to
purchase 1,000 shares of Pepco common stock.
Each option has an exercise price
equal to the market price of the Pepco common stock on the date of grant.

Options granted prior to 2000 become exercisable at the earlier of (i) four
years after date of grant or (ii) fifty percent upon attainment of a target
price and the remaining fifty percent upon the attainment of a higher target
price.
Options granted in 2000 become exercisable at the rate of twenty-five
percent on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.
Upon a
"change in control," all options become immediately exercisable.
Options expire
ten years after the date of grant or at such earlier date as specified by the
Plan in the event of retirement, death, disability or after termination of
service of the director.

   
Pepco also provides directors with travel accident insurance for company-
related travel and directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage.


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

   The Clark Construction Group, Inc., of which Mr. Nussdorf, a nominee for
director, is Vice President and Treasurer, serves as the general contractor
with a joint venture partner for the base building and interior construction of
Pepco's new headquarters in Washington, D. C.

   Pauline Schneider, a nominee for director, is a partner in the law firm of
Hunton & Williams.
Hunton & Williams rendered legal services to Pepco and its
subsidiaries in 2000 and is expected to render services to Pepco and its
subsidiaries in 2001.


Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

   The following table sets forth, as of March 7, 2001, for each director, the
five executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table on page 128 and
all directors and officers as a group (i) the number of shares of Pepco common
stock beneficially owned, (ii) the number of shares acquirable within 60 days
pursuant to exercise of stock options, (iii) credited Pepco common stock
equivalents and (iv) the total stock-based holdings.
None of the listed persons
beneficially owns shares of any other class of equity securities of Pepco.
Each
of the individuals, as well as all directors and executive officers as a group,
beneficially owned less than 1% of the outstanding shares of Pepco common
stock.
The following table also sets forth, as of February 9, 2001, the number
and percentage of shares of Pepco common stock owned by all persons known by
Pepco to own beneficially 5% or more of the Pepco common stock.

                                             
Pepco Common
                          Shares of Pepco  Stock Acquirable Deferred Pepco    Total
                           Common Stock       
Within 60      Common Stock  Stock-Based
Name of Beneficial Owner     Owned(1)          Days(2)      Equivalents(3) Holdings(4)
- ------------------------  ---------------  ---------------- --------------
-----------

Edmund B. Cronin, Jr. ..         
1,123           1,000           5,450         7,573
John M. Derrick, Jr. ...        
44,384         138,360             --        182,744
Terence C. Golden.......         1,942             --            4,577         6,519
Judith A. McHale........         4,683             --              --          4,683
Floretta D. McKenzie....         2,696           1,000             --          3,696
Edward F. Mitchell......        70,356           1,000           1,549        72,905
Lawrence C. Nussdorf....         1,000             --              --          1,000
Peter F. O'Malley.......         1,828           1,000           1,549         4,377
Pauline A. Schneider....           600             --              --            600
William J. Sim..........        15,387          16,509             --         31,896
William T. Torgerson....        20,815          29,343             --         50,158
Andrew W. Williams......        24,828          16,509             --         41,337
Dennis R. Wraase........        29,569          33,843             --         63,412
A. Thomas Young.........         1,000           1,000           6,328         8,328
All Directors and
 Executive Officers as a
 Group
 (22 Individuals).......       312,253         264,998          19,453       596,704

                          Shares of Pepco  Percent of Pepco
Name and Address of        Common Stock      Common Stock
Beneficial Owner               Owned         Outstanding
- -------------------       ---------------  
----------------

Franklin Resources,
 Inc....................    11,006,264(5)         9.9%
 777 Mariners Island
  Boulevard
 San Mateo, CA 94404

- --------
(1)   Includes shares held under Pepco's Dividend Reinvestment Plan and the
      Employee Savings Plan.
Also includes shares awarded under Pepco's Long-
      Term Incentive Plan which will vest over time.

(2)   Consists of Pepco common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock
      options.

(3)   Consists of Pepco common stock equivalents acquired under the Directors'
      Deferred Compensation Plan.

(4)   Consists of the sum of the three preceding columns.

(5)   
According to a Schedule 13G, dated February 2, 2001, filed with the SEC
      jointly by Franklin Resources, Inc., Templeton Global Advisors Limited, a
      subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc., and Charles B. Johnson and Rupert
      H. Johnson, Jr., each a principal stockholder of Franklin Resources,
      Inc., the Pepco common stock is beneficially owned by one or more open or
      closed-end investment companies or other managed accounts that are
      advised by direct and indirect advisory subsidiaries of Franklin
      Resources, Inc.
Sole power to vote or to direct the voting of the Pepco
      common stock is reported as follows: Templeton Global Advisors Limited:
      8,457,369; Franklin Advisers, Inc.: 2,080,000; Franklin Templeton
      Investment Management Limited: 413,853; and Templeton Investment Counsel,
      LLC: 42,362.
Sole power to dispose or to direct the disposition of the
      common stock is reported as follows: Templeton Global Advisors Limited:
      8,470,049; Franklin Advisers, Inc.: 2,080,000; Franklin Templeton
      Investment Management Limited: 413,853; and Templeton Investment Counsel,
      LLC: 42,362.

                           
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                                         Long-Term Incentive Plan
                                   Annual Compensation                            Awards
                             --------------------------------            
-------------------------
                                                      Other
                                                     Annual                                        All Other
                                                     Compen-  Restricted            Incentive Plan  Compen-
 Name and Principal Position Year  Salary   Bonus   sation(6)  Stock(7)  Options(8)   Payouts(9)   sation(10)
 ---------------------------
----
-------- -------- ---------
----------
---------- --------------
----------

John M. Derrick, Jr. ...     2000 $541,667 $255,171  $22,630   $     0    119,900      $137,165     $57,528
 Chairman of the Board       1999  516,667  191,732   19,177         0          0       288,930      51,235
 and Chief Executive         1998  471,666  143,419   16,251   125,692    108,385       184,692      55,536
 Officer
Dennis R. Wraase........     2000 $366,667 $172,731  $ 5,341   $     0     48,000      $ 95,924     $36,390
 President and               1999  335,000  124,317    4,644         0          0       152,798      37,711
 Chief Operating Officer     1998  288,333   87,673    4,039    65,360     21,843        84,753      30,010
William T. Torgerson....     2000 $298,667 $140,697  $ 4,485   $     0     30,000      $ 93,527     $30,014
 Executive Vice              1999  281,667  104,525    3,900         0          0       145,688      26,359
 President
 and General Counsel         1998  255,000   77,537    3,391    60,332     21,843        83,135      27,499
Andrew W. Williams......     2000 $237,333 $ 91,202  $     0   $     0     10,300      $ 50,285     $23,598
 Senior Vice President       1999  225,000   63,108        0         0          0        63,074      24,556
 and Chief Financial         1998  208,333   48,729        0    40,221     13,934           --       23,187
 Officer
William J. Sim..........     2000 $222,667 $ 86,182  $     0   $     0     10,300      $ 48,481     $21,857
 Senior Vice President       1999  211,000   59,181        0         0          0        60,938      23,261
                             1998  198,333   49,396        0    40,221     13,934           --       23,610

- --------
(6)   Other Annual Compensation.
Amounts in this column for each year represent
      above-market earnings on deferred compensation funded by Pepco-owned life
      insurance policies held in trust, assuming the expected retirement at age
      65.
The amounts are reduced if the executive terminates employment prior
      to age 62 for any reason other than death, total or permanent disability
      or a change in control of Pepco.
In the event of a change in control and
      termination of the participant's employment, a lump sum payment will be
      made equal to the net present value of the expected payments at age 65
      discounted using the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation immediate
      payment interest rate plus one-half of one percent.
Pepco has purchased
      such policies on participating individuals under a program designed so
      that if assumptions as to mortality experience, policy return and other
      factors are realized, the compensation deferred and the death benefits
      payable to Pepco under such insurance policies will cover all premium
      payments and benefit payments projected under this program, plus a factor
      for the use of Pepco funds.

(7)   Restricted Stock.
Amounts in this column for each year represent the
      aggregate market price on the grant date of restricted shares of common
      stock.
These shares vest over a four-year period: 20% vested on the first
      anniversary of the grant date, 20% vest on the second anniversary of the
      grant date, 20% vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, and the
      remaining 40% vest on the fourth anniversary of the grant date.
The
      market price does not reflect that the shares are restricted.
Dividends
      are paid on the restricted shares.
Dollar amounts shown are for
      executives who received restricted shares of common stock in the year
      indicated.
The number and aggregate market value of the non-vested
      restricted shares of common stock at December 31, 2000 for the five named
      executives are: 3,000 shares, $74,130 for Mr. Derrick; 1,560 shares,
      $38,547 for Mr. Wraase; 1,440 shares, $35,582 for Mr. Torgerson; and 960
      shares, $23,722 each for Messrs. Williams and Sim.

(8)   Options.
Amounts in this column represent the number of stock options
      granted for each year.
The stockholders approved the Long-Term Incentive
      Plan in April 1998 and options were granted for the first time in May
      1998.
Additional options were granted in January 2000.
Fifty percent of
      the options granted

   in 1998 became exercisable on October 9, 1998 and the remaining 50% became
   exercisable on June 11, 1999.
Twenty-five percent of the options granted in
   2000 became exercisable on January 1, 2001.
The remaining options will
   become exercisable at the rate of twenty-five percent on January 1 of each
   year until January 1, 2004.

(9)   Incentive Plan Payouts.
All amounts in this column represent the value
      of vested common stock under Pepco's Performance Restricted Stock
      Program.
The amount shown for 2000 consists of 33 1/3% of the common
      stock award from the one-year performance cycle ended December 31, 1999,
      33 1/3% of the common stock award from the eight-month performance cycle
      ended December 31, 1999, and 50% of the common stock award from the
      performance cycle ended December 31, 1998 (the "1998 Cycle"), that
      vested on January 1, 2001.
The amounts shown for 1999 consist of 33 1/3%
      of the common stock award from the eight-month performance cycle ended
      December 31, 1999, 50% of the common stock award from the performance
      cycle ended December 31, 1998 (the "1998 Cycle"), and 50% of the common
      stock award from the performance cycle ended December 31, 1997 (the
      "1997 Cycle"), that vested on January 1, 2000.
For 1999, amounts also
      include cash awards for the Performance Share Plan, which was applicable
      to the years 1997 through 1999 (the "1999 Cycle").
The cash amounts
      awarded for the 1999 Cycle for Messrs. Derrick, Wraase, Torgerson,
      Williams and Sim were $119,722, $57,221, $53,482, $38,355 and $37,940,
      respectively.
The amount shown for 1998 consists of 50% of the common
      stock award for the 1997 Cycle and 50% of the common stock award for the
      performance cycle ended December 31, 1996 (the "1996 Cycle"), that
      vested on January 1, 1999.
The value of the vested common stock was
      calculated based on the market price of the common stock on the day
      preceding the vesting date.
Dollar amounts shown are for executives who
      were eligible to participate in the Performance Restricted Stock Program
      in the years indicated.

(10)   All Other Compensation.
Amounts in this column for 2000 consist of (i)
       Pepco contributions to the Savings Plan for Exempt Employees of $7,900,
       $7,804, $7,900, $4,232 and $7,900 for Messrs. Derrick, Wraase,
       Torgerson, Williams and Sim, respectively, (ii) Pepco contributions to
       the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan due to Internal Revenue
       Service limitations on maximum contributions to the Savings Plan for
       Exempt Employees of $13,069, $7,860, $5,790, $5,732 and $1,766 for
       Messrs. Derrick, Wraase, Torgerson, Williams and Sim, respectively,
       (iii) the term life insurance portion of life insurance written on a
       split-dollar basis of $4,111, $2,398, $1,953, $1,040 and $1,517 for
       Messrs. Derrick, Wraase, Torgerson, Williams and Sim, respectively, and
       (iv) the interest on employer paid premiums for split-dollar life
       insurance of $32,448, $18,328, $14,371, $12,594 and $10,674 for Messrs.
       Derrick, Wraase, Torgerson, Williams and Sim, respectively.
The split-
       dollar life insurance contract provides death benefits to the
       executive's beneficiaries of approximately three times the executive's
       annual salary.
The split-dollar program is designed so that, if the
       assumptions made as to mortality experience, policy return and other
       factors are realized, Pepco will recover all plan costs, including a
       factor for the use of Pepco funds.
The split-dollar policy provides a
       cash surrender value to each participant in excess of any premiums
       paid.

                       
OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

                            Individual Grants(11)
                         Number of
                         Securities Percent of Total
                         Underlying Options Granted  Exercise of                   Grant Date
                          Options     to Employees   Base Price                     Present
          Name            Granted    in Fiscal Year   ($/Share)   
Expiration Date  Value(12)
          
----           ----------
---------------- -----------
----------------- ----------

John M. Derrick, Jr.....  119,500         33.6%       $22.4375   December 31, 2009  $285,362
Dennis R. Wraase........   48,000         13.5%       $22.4375   December 31, 2009  $114,240
William T. Torgerson....   30,000          8.4%       $22.4375   December 31, 2009  $ 71,400
Andrew W. Williams......   10,300          2.9%       $22.4375   December 31, 2009  $ 25,514
William J. Sim..........   10,300          2.9%       $22.4375   December 31, 2009  $ 25,514

- --------
(11) Individual Grants.
The exercise price of options is the market price of
     the Pepco common stock on the grant date (January 1, 2000).
Twenty-five
     percent of the options became exercisable on January 1, 2001.
The
     remaining options will become exercisable at the rate of twenty-five
     percent on January 1 of each year until January 1, 2004.

(12) Grant Date Present Value.
The values in this column were determined based
     on the Black-Scholes option pricing model and are calculated at the time
     of grant.
The following assumptions were used in the calculation: (a)
     expected price volatility--twenty percent (20%), (b) options will be
     exercised in the tenth year, (c) an interest rate based upon the
     corresponding yield of a U.S. Treasury note maturing ten years from the
     date of grant, (d) dividends at the rate in effect on the date of grant,
     and (e) no adjustments for transferability.
The fact that Pepco used the
     Black-Scholes model does not necessarily mean that Pepco believes or
     acknowledges that the model can accurately determine the value of options.
     
The ultimate value of the option, if any, will depend on the future market
     price of Pepco's common stock and the optionee's individual investment
     decisions, neither of which can be predicted with any degree of certainty.

                
AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

                          Shares                 Number of Shares               Value of Unexercised
                         Acquired             Underlying Unexercised            In-the-Money Options
                            on     Value   Options at End of Fiscal Year      at End of Fiscal Year(13)
                         
Exercise Realized --------------------------------   
-------------------------
          Name             (#)      ($)     Exercisable      Unexercisable    Exercisable Unexercisable
          ----           --------
--------  -----------     ---------------   -----------
-------------

John M. Derrick, Jr.....     0        0             108,385           119,900   $30,077     $258,085
Dennis R. Wraase........     0        0              21,843            48,000   $ 6,061     $103,320
William T. Torgerson....     0        0              21,843            30,000   $ 6,061     $ 64,575
Andrew W. Williams......     0        0              13,934            10,300   $ 3,867     $ 22,171
William J. Sim..........     0        0              13,934            10,300   $ 3,867     $ 22,171

- --------
(13) Value of Unexercised In-the-Money Options at End of Fiscal Year.
The value
     of unexercised in-the-money options at December 29, 2000 is calculated by
     multiplying the number of shares by the amount by which the fair market
     value of the common stock on the last trading day of 2000, as reported by
     the New York Stock Exchange, exceeds the option exercise price.

              LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN--AWARDS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

                           Performance or
                         Other Period
Until
                           Maturation or       Threshold          Target          Maximum
          Name                 Payout       Number of Shares Number of Shares Number of Shares
          ----           ------------------ ----------------
----------------
----------------

John M. Derrick, Jr.....     2001-2003              0             17,500           35,000
Dennis R. Wraase........     2001-2003              0              7,000           14,000
William T. Torgerson....     2001-2003              0              5,000           10,000
Andrew W. Williams......     2001-2003              0              5,000           10,000
William J. Sim..........     2001-2003              0              5,000           10,000

   The preceding table reflects the share awards available under Pepco's
Performance Restricted Stock Program established under Pepco's Long-Term
Incentive Plan.
Under the Program, performance cycles will be measured over
three-year periods commencing January 1 of each year.
The Program provides for
the earning of Pepco common stock based on Pepco's total stockholder return
compared to other companies in a peer group comprised of 20 gas and electric
distribution companies.
If, during the course of a performance period, a
significant event occurs, as determined in the sole discretion of the Pepco
Board, which the Pepco Board expects to have a substantial effect on total
stockholder performance during the period, the Pepco Board may revise such
measures.

   
Under the Program, a target performance is established.
Each award provides
that, following completion of the performance period, the participant will be
eligible to earn a number of shares of Pepco common stock ranging from 0% to
200% of the target performance award to the extent that performance objectives
are achieved.
The shares of Pepco common stock earned by a participant will
vest immediately on the date that the performance award is earned.

                               
PENSION PLAN TABLE

                                       Annual Retirement Benefits
                          -----------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Salary in
Final                                         Years in Plan
Three Years of            -----------------------------------------------------
Employment                   15       20       25       30       35       40
- ------------------------  --------
-------- --------
-------- --------
--------

$350,000................  $ 92,000 $123,000 $153,000 $184,000 $214,000 $245,000
$450,000................  $118,000 $158,000 $197,000 $236,000 $276,000 $315,000
$550,000................  $144,000 $193,000 $241,000 $289,000 $337,000 $385,000
$650,000................  $171,000 $228,000 $284,000 $341,000 $398,000 $455,000
$750,000................  $197,000 $263,000 $328,000 $394,000 $459,000 $525,000
$850,000................  $223,000 $298,000 $372,000 $446,000 $521,000 $595,000
$950,000................  $249,000 $333,000 $416,000 $499,000 $582,000 $665,000

   Pepco's General Retirement Plan provides participants benefits after five
years of service based on the average salary (the term salary being equal to
the amounts contained in the Salary column of the Summary Compensation Table)
for the final three years of employment and years of credited service under the
Plan at time of retirement.
Normal retirement under the Plan is at age 65.
Plan
benefits are subject to an offset for any Social Security benefits.
Benefits
under the Plan may be reduced under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code, as amended, and by salary deferrals under Pepco's deferred compensation
plans (other than CODA contributions made under the Savings Plan).
Where any
such limitations occur, Pepco will pay a supplemental retirement benefit to
eligible executives designed to maintain total retirement benefits at the
formula level of the Plan.
In addition, for executives who retire under the
terms of the General Retirement Plan and are at least 59 years of age, their
retirement benefit will be calculated on the basis of average salary, plus the
average of the highest three annual incentive awards in the last five
consecutive years.
The annual incentive amounts are equal to the amounts shown
in the Bonus column of the Summary Compensation Table.
The current age, years
of credited service and compensation used to determine retirement benefits
(including supplemental benefits) for the above-named officers are as follows:
Mr. Derrick, 60 and 39 years of credit, $709,685; Mr. Wraase, 56 and 31 years
of credit, $458,240; Mr. Torgerson, 56 and 31 years of credit, $386,031; Mr.
Williams, 51 and 26 years of credit, $292,776; and Mr. Sim, 56 and 31 years of
credit, $275,864.
Annual benefits at age 65 (including the effect of the Social
Security offset and the supplemental retirement benefit) are illustrated in the
table above.

 
Employment Agreements and Severance Agreements

   Messrs. Derrick, Wraase and Torgerson each have entered into employment
agreements with Pepco that provide for his employment through December 10,
2004, and that automatically extend for successive periods of five years
thereafter unless Pepco or the executive has given notice that it shall not be
so extended.
Each of

the employment agreements provides that the executive (i) will receive an
annual base salary in an amount not less than his salary in effect as of
December 10, 1999, and incentive compensation as determined by the Pepco Board
and (ii) will be entitled to participate in retirement and other benefit plans,
and receive fringe benefits on the same basis as other senior executives of
Pepco.

   
Under each of the employment agreements, the executive is entitled to
certain benefits if his employment is terminated prior to the expiration of the
initial term of the agreement (or as extended) either (i) by Pepco other than
for cause, death or disability or (ii) by the executive if his salary is
reduced, he is not in good faith considered for incentive awards, Pepco fails
to provide him with retirement benefits and other benefits provided to
similarly situated executives, he is required to relocate by more than 50 miles
from Washington, D.C., or he is demoted from a senior management position.

These benefits include: (i) a lump sum payment in cash equal to three times (x)
the sum of the executive's highest base salary rate in effect during the three-
year period preceding termination and (y) the higher of (1) the annual target
bonus for the year in which the termination of employment occurs or (2) the
highest annual bonus received by the executive in any of the three preceding
calendar years and (ii) the executive's annual cash incentive award for the
year preceding termination of employment, if not yet paid, and a pro rata
portion of the executive's annual incentive award for the year in which the
executive's employment terminates.
In addition, any outstanding shares of
restricted stock will become immediately vested, and the executive will be
entitled to receive unpaid salary through the date of termination, certain
supplemental retirement benefits under existing plans of Pepco, and a
continuation of premium payments under Pepco's split-dollar life insurance
policy.
The agreements also provide that each executive is entitled to receive
a gross-up payment equal to the amount of any federal excise taxes imposed upon
compensation payable upon termination and the additional taxes that result from
such payment.

   
Messrs. Williams and Sim have entered into severance agreements with Pepco.

Each severance agreement provides for the payment of severance benefits to the
executive if, within two years following a change in control, which in the case
of Mr. Sim includes a sale of all or substantially all of the generation
assets, of Pepco, any of the following events occur: (i) termination of the
employment of the executive by Pepco (or a successor company), other than for
cause, death, disability or voluntary normal retirement; (ii) termination of
employment by the executive for "good reason," defined as the assignment of
duties materially inconsistent with the executive's duties prior to the change
in control or a material reduction or alteration of his duties, a reduction in
the executive's salary or relocation of the executive by more than 50 miles;
(iii) the failure or refusal by a successor company to assume Pepco's
obligations under the agreement; or (iv) a material breach of the agreement by
Pepco (or a successor company).
The executive also is entitled to severance
benefits upon (i) the termination of the executive's employment without cause
in contemplation of, but prior to, a change in control or (ii) the occurrence
of an event, in contemplation of, but prior to a change in control,
constituting "good reason" followed by the executive's voluntary termination of
employment within two years after a change in control.
The severance benefits
consist of: (i) an amount equal to two times the executive's annual base salary
(in effect at the time of termination) and annual bonus (average of annual
target bonuses during the three years prior to termination) paid in 24 equal
monthly installments and (ii) certain welfare benefits for a three-year period
after the date of termination.
The agreements also provide that each executive
is entitled to receive a gross-up payment equal to the amount of any federal
excise taxes imposed upon compensation payable upon termination and the
additional taxes that result from such payment.

 
Human Resources Committee Report on Executive Compensation

   The Human Resources Committee of the Pepco Board is composed entirely of
independent, non-employee directors.
The Committee's role includes review of
the performance of elected officers and other executives (except for the Chief
Executive Officer whose performance is evaluated by the Corporate Governance
Committee) in connection with executive compensation programs designed to
provide a strong and direct link between compensation, executive performance
and the current and long-term level of company performance.
The Committee
recommends specific executive salaries to the Pepco Board.
The Committee also
establishes performance guidelines under the Executive Incentive Compensation
Plan, recommends awards made to the

five most highly compensated officers pursuant to that Plan and recommends the
structure of compensation and amounts of awards under the Long-Term Incentive
Plan.
The Committee also reviews other elements of compensation and benefits,
making recommendations to the Pepco Board as appropriate.
The Committee carries
out these responsibilities with assistance from consulting firms and with such
input from the Chief Executive Officer and management as it deems appropriate.

 
Officer Compensation Philosophy

   Pepco's compensation philosophy reflects a commitment to attract and retain
key executives with a program which compensates executive officers
competitively with other companies in the industry while rewarding executives
for achieving levels of operational excellence and financial results which
result in growth in stockholder value.
Pepco's compensation policy is to
provide a total compensation opportunity comparable to the median compensation
levels of the companies in the S&P Midcap Utility Index (the "Index").
The
companies in the Index are comparable in size to Pepco and are considered to be
Pepco's peer group.
The Committee monitors the peer group annually to ensure
that the Index remains appropriate for measuring compensation.

   
The compensation program for executives consists of base salary, annual
incentive and long-term incentive components.
The combination of these three
elements balances short- and long-term business performance goals and aligns
officer financial rewards with company operating results and stockholder
return.
Total compensation for any specific year may, of course, be above the
median for the peer group in the event performance exceeds goals or below the
median if performance falls short of goals.

   
Annual incentive awards are earned based on Pepco's financial and
operational plans and results, including annual earnings.
Long-term incentive
awards are in the form of (1) restricted shares of Pepco common stock
(Restricted Stock) which will be earned at the end of three-year performance
periods based upon meeting pre-established goals and/or (2) stock options.
The
senior executive compensation program is structured so that between 38 percent
and 66 percent of the total compensation opportunity is composed of incentive
compensation.
There are approximately 28 executives who participate in the
Executive Incentive Compensation Plan and programs under the Long-Term
Incentive Plan.

   
The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 included a provision limiting
the deductibility of certain executive compensation.
For 2000, all compensation
earned by Pepco's five highest paid executives was completely deductible.
In
the future the Committee will, considering the best interests of Pepco and its
stockholders, use its best judgment to continue the complete tax deductibility
of the compensation paid to its executives.

 
Executive Salaries

   The Committee determines base salary ranges for executives based upon
competitive pay practices.
Executive salaries correspond to approximately the
median of the companies in the Index.
Mr. Derrick, Chief Executive Officer, was
awarded a 4.8% salary increase effective May 1, 2000 after the Committee made a
compensation assessment within the framework and philosophy outlined above.

 
Executive Incentive Compensation Plan

   In 1983, the Pepco Board established the Executive Incentive Compensation
Plan for Pepco executives.
Under the Plan guidelines, cash bonus awards for the
Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Vice Presidents and Senior Vice
Presidents are based upon Pepco's progress in achieving Plan goals; cash bonus
awards for other executives are based on a combination of corporate goals and
individual goals established at the beginning of the year.
For cash bonus
awards paid in January 2001 for performance during 2000, the weighted corporate
goals were (1) earnings relative to corporate plan and (2) achieving operating
and maintenance expense control objectives.

   
Application of the Plan formula for executives subject to utility earnings
goals resulted in an incentive award level of 142% of the target award level
(compared to the maximum of 180% of the target) based on (1) utility earnings
(which were above the target level) and (2) exceeding cost containment
objectives.
Under the Plan guidelines, the earnings goal of the Chief Executive
Officer was based on consolidated earnings, and the cash bonus award paid to
the Chief Executive Officer in January 2001 was based on 142% of the target
award level.

 
Long-Term Incentive Plan

   In 1999, the Pepco Board adopted the Performance Restricted Stock Program.

The Program provides for awards of Restricted Stock based on total stockholder
return as the only measurement.
Target awards require performance above the
median for the Index and awards range from 0% to 200% based on performance.
For
the Program beginning January 1, 2001 the Committee selected a peer group of 20
gas and electric distribution companies to better reflect the strategic
direction of Pepco since divestiture of its generation assets.
Amounts awarded
to senior executive participants under this Program for the three-year cycle
beginning January 1, 2001 are provided in the table titled "Long-Term Incentive
Plan--Awards in Last Fiscal Year" contained herein.
Restricted Stock, if any,
earned under the Program will vest immediately upon the determination of awards
earned under the Program at the conclusion of the three-year performance cycle.

   
To further ensure alignment of executive compensation, the Pepco Board also
approved the award of stock options for executives.
Stock option grants to
executives are based on current market surveys of long-term incentive
compensation.
Options granted have an exercise price equal to the fair market
value of Pepco common stock on the date of grant and typically vest in four
equal amounts over four years.

                                          
HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE

                                          David O. Maxwell, Chairman
                                          Roger R. Blunt, Sr.
                                          
Terence C. Golden
                                          Judith A. McHale
                                          Edward F. Mitchell
                                          Peter F. O'Malley

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

   The rules of the SEC require that Pepco disclose any late filing of the
reports of stock ownership (and changes in stock ownership), and any known
failure to file these reports, by its directors and executive officers.
Mary
Sharpe-Hayes, former Vice President, Strategic Planning, who became the
indirect owner of 500 shares of Pepco common stock when her spouse purchased
the shares in February 2000 inadvertently failed to file a Form 4 by the March
10, 2000 deadline.
She filed the form on March 16, 2000.
To the best of Pepco's
knowledge, all other filings required to be made by Pepco's directors and
executive officers were made on a timely basis in 2000.


Performance Presentation

   
The following chart compares Pepco's five-year cumulative total return to
stockholders consisting of the change in stock price and reinvestment of
dividends with the five-year cumulative total return on the Dow Jones Utilities
Index and the S&P Midcap Electric Utilities Index.

                                
1995    1996    1997    1998    1999    2000
                               -------
-------
-------
------- -------
-------

Pepco......................... $100.00 $104.52 $112.21 $121.95 $113.55 $130.80
Dow Jones Utilities........... $100.00 $109.03 $134.12 $159.05 $150.11 $226.61
S & P Midcap Electric
 Utilities.................... $100.00 $103.19 $130.98 $150.54 $127.70 $173.12

 Audit Committee Report

   The Audit Committee of the Pepco Board is responsible for providing
independent oversight of Pepco's accounting functions and internal controls.

The Audit Committee is composed of independent directors and acts under a
written charter adopted and approved by the Pepco Board in 2000.
Each of the
members of the Audit Committee is independent as defined by the New York Stock
Exchange listing standards.
A copy of the Audit Committee Charter is attached
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex J.

   The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include recommending to the
Pepco Board an accounting firm to be engaged as Pepco's independent accountants
and subsequent to the audit reviewing the services performed by the independent
accountant to ensure that the services provided were within the scope of the
prior approval.
Additionally, and as appropriate, the Audit Committee reviews
and evaluates, and discusses and consults with Pepco management, Pepco internal
audit personnel and the independent accountants regarding the following:

  1.   
the plan for, and the independent accountants' report on, the annual
       audit of Pepco's financial statements;

  2.   
Pepco's financial statements filed with the SEC;

  3.   changes in Pepco's accounting principles and practices or in Pepco's
       financial statements;

  4.   
the internal auditing staff annual audits and recommendations made as
       a result of those audits;

  5.   
Pepco's internal auditing, accounting and financial controls and the
       independent accountant's views of Pepco's financial and accounting
       personnel;

  6.   significant findings of the independent accountant, including
       significant transactions outside the normal course of Pepco's business
       and recommendations with respect to improving internal accounting
       controls, choice of accounting principles or management systems; and

  7.   
Pepco's Conflict of Interest Policy for Exempt Employees.

   
In 2000, the Audit Committee adopted an Audit Committee Charter formulated
on the new standards set forth in SEC regulations and the New York Stock
Exchange listing standards.
Generally, these standards detailed specifics to be
included in the Charter rather than changes in the Committee's practices.

   
The Audit Committee is responsible for recommending to the Pepco Board that
Pepco's financial statements be included in Pepco's annual report.
The
Committee took a number of steps as a basis for making this recommendation for
2000.
First, the Audit Committee discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
Pepco's independent accountants for 2000, those matters PricewaterhouseCoopers
communicated to and discussed with the Audit Committee under applicable
auditing standards, including information regarding the scope and results of
the audit.
These communications and discussions are intended to assist the
Audit Committee in overseeing the financial reporting and disclosure process.

Second, the Audit Committee discussed PricewaterhouseCoopers' independence with
PricewaterhouseCoopers and received a letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers
concerning independence as required under applicable independence standards for
auditors of public companies.
This discussion and disclosure informed the Audit
Committee of PricewaterhouseCoopers' relationships with Pepco, if any, and
assisted the Audit Committee in considering PricewaterhouseCoopers'
independence.
Finally, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed, with Pepco
management and PricewaterhouseCoopers, Pepco's audited consolidated balance
sheets at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and consolidated statements of income,
cash flows and stockholders' equity for the three years ended December 31,
2000.
Based on the discussions with PricewaterhouseCoopers concerning the
audit, the independence discussions, and the financial statement review, and
such other matters deemed relevant and appropriate by the Audit Committee, the
Audit Committee recommended to the Pepco Board that these financial statements
be included in Pepco's 2000 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                          AUDIT COMMITTEE

                                          Roger R. Blunt, Sr. (Chairman)
                                          
Edmund B. Cronin, Jr.
                                          Terence C. Golden
                                          Judith A. McHale
                                          Floretta D. McKenzie
                                          A. Thomas Young

 Audit Fees

   The aggregate fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers for professional
services rendered for the audit of Pepco's annual financial statements for the
2000 fiscal year and the reviews of the financial statements included in
Pepco's Forms 10-Q were $465,000.

 
Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation Fees

   The aggregate fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers to Pepco and its
consolidated subsidiaries for the professional services rendered for financial
information systems design and implementation for the 2000 fiscal year were
$44,700.

 
All Other Fees

   The aggregate fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers to Pepco and its
consolidated subsidiaries for all other services other than those covered under
"Audit Fees" and "Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation Fees"
for the 2000 fiscal year were $390,125.

 
Independent Public Accountants

   The Pepco Board appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Independent Public
Accountants for Pepco for the year 2000 and, upon recommendation of the Audit
Committee of the Pepco Board, has reappointed the

firm for 2001.
A representative of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is expected to
attend the Annual Meeting and will be given the opportunity to make a
statement and to respond to appropriate questions.


Shareholder Proposal

   The Pepco Board recommends a vote against this proposal.

   
Ms. Evelyn Y. Davis, Watergate Office Building, Suite 215, 2600 Virginia
Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20037, who is the record holder of 200 shares
of Pepco's common stock, has notified Pepco of her intention to present the
following proposal for action at the meeting:

   "RESOLVED: That the stockholders of Pepco recommend that the Board of
Directors take the necessary steps to reinstate the election of directors
ANNUALLY, instead of the staggered system which was recently adopted.
"

   The following statement has been supplied by the stockholder submitting
this proposal:

   "REASONS: Until recently, directors of Pepco were elected annually by all
shareholders."

   "The great majority of New York Stock Exchange listed corporations elect
all their directors each year.
"

   "This insures that ALL directors will be more accountable to ALL
shareholders each year and to a certain extent prevents the self-perpetuation
of the Board.
"

   "Last year the owners of 27,997,551 shares, representing approximately
28.1% of shares voting, voted FOR this proposal.
"

   "If you AGREE, please mark your proxy FOR this resolution.
"

                          End of Supporting Statement

   The Pepco Board unanimously recommends a vote "AGAINST" the adoption of
this proposal, which is set forth as Item 4 on the white proxy card.

   
Mrs. Davis has submitted this proposal at each of Pepco's last twelve
annual meetings.
In each instance, the proposal was defeated.

   
The Pepco Board believes that this proposal is not in the best interests of
Pepco and its stockholders.
The Pepco Board believes that the present system
which has been in place since 1987, providing for the election of directors
for three-year terms on a staggered bases, rather than one-year terms, has
enhanced the continuity and stability in the composition of and in the
policies formulated by the Pepco Board.
The Pepco Board also believes that
this, in turn, has permitted it to represent more effectively the interests of
all stockholders.

 
What vote is required to adopt this proposal?

   
Adoption of the stockholder proposal requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of the Pepco common stock present in
person or by proxy and entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders at which
a quorum is present.

 
How are the votes counted?

   
Abstentions will be deemed present and entitled to vote, but will not be
counted as a vote for or against this proposal, and therefore will have the
same effect as a vote against the approval of the stockholder proposal.
If no
voting instructions are given by a stockholder, a properly executed proxy will
be voted against the stockholder proposal.

                 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE CONECTIV ANNUAL MEETING

Election of Directors

   The Conectiv Board has nine members in three classes, with three directors
in each class.
The election this year is for three Class III Directors, Mr.
Cosgrove, Dr. Doberstein and Mr. Morgan, whose terms are expiring.
They are
nominated as Class III Directors for three-year terms expiring in 2004.

   
Continuing terms for the three Class I Directors, Mr. Balotti, Mr. Holley
and Mr. McGlynn, will expire in 2002.
Continuing terms for the three Class II
Directors, Mr. Burris, Mrs. Gore and Mr. MacCormack, will expire in 2003.

   
The three nominees for election to director were recommended by the
Nominating Committee of the Conectiv Board and approved as nominees at a
meeting of the Conectiv Board on      ,   .
These individuals have agreed to be
nominated and to serve if elected.
At the annual meeting, the proxyholders will
vote for the individuals identified in this proxy statement and on the enclosed
Conectiv proxy card.
Should any nominee become unavailable prior to the annual
meeting, the Conectiv Board may select another nominee and the proxyholders
will vote the proxies they hold for that person.

   
You can specify whether your shares are to be voted for any, all or none of
the nominees for director.
To be elected, a nominee must receive a plurality of
the vote of the shares of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common
stock (which are considered one class for voting purposes) that are present, in
person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the annual meeting.
Each proxy will
be voted as instructed (meaning for or against each nominee) or withheld
(meaning no vote is to be cast).
If no instruction is made, the proxy will be
voted for the nominees identified in this proxy statement and in the enclosed
proxy card.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the
election of directors.

   
The background of each nominee and incumbent director is shown in the
following section.
Unless otherwise shown, nominees and directors have been
engaged in their occupation or employment for at least the past five years.

                
The Conectiv Board recommends that you vote FOR
                       each of the nominees for director.


Information About the Nominees and Directors

 Nominated as Class III Director for Election at the Annual
 Meeting to Serve until the Annual Meeting in 2004

Howard E. Cosgrove

Age 57.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Delmarva since
1992.
Director of Delmarva Power & Light Company since
1986.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Conectiv.

Director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.

President of the Board of Trustees of The University of
Delaware.
                                                                  
[Photo of
                                                                  Cosgrove]

Audrey K. Doberstein

Age 68.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Delmarva Power & Light Company from 1986 to 2000.

President of Wilmington College, New Castle, Delaware.

Member of the Board of Directors of Blue Cross/Blue
Shield of Delaware and Mellon Bank Delaware (DE),
Wilmington, Delaware.                                             
[Photo of
                                                                 Doberstein]

Bernard J. Morgan

Age 64.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Atlantic Energy, Inc. from 1988 to 1998.
Retired,
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief
Operating Officer of Fidelity Bank, N.A.
Mr. Morgan also
serves as a director of Coastal Security.
                                                                  
[Photo of
                                                                   Morgan]

 Continuing as Class I Directors (Terms Expire in 2002)

R. Franklin Balotti

Age 58.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Delmarva Power & Light Company from 1995 to 1998.

Attorney.
Member of the law firm of Richards Layton &
Finger, Wilmington, Delaware.
Past President, Delaware
Bar Association.
Member of the Law School Advisory
Council at the Cornell Law School.
Adjunct Professor at           [Photo of
the University of Miami Law School and Cornell Law                 Balotti]
School.


Cyrus H. Holley

Age 64.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Atlantic Energy, Inc. from 1990 to 1998.
President of
Management Consulting Services, Grapevine, Texas.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Oakmont
Enterprises, Inc., Grapevine, Texas.
Director of Kerns
Oil & Gas Company.                                                
[Photo of
                                                                   Holley]

Richard B. McGlynn

Age 62.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Atlantic Energy, Inc. from 1986 to 1998.
Attorney.
Former
Vice President and General Counsel of United Water
Resources, Inc., Harrington Park, New Jersey.
                                                                  
[Photo of
                                                                   McGlynn]

 Continuing as Class II Directors (Terms Expire in 2003)

Robert D. Burris

Age 56.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Delmarva Power & Light Company from 1993 to 1998.

President of Burris Foods, Milford, Delaware.
Member of
the Board of Directors of BayHealth, Inc.
                                                                  
[Photo of
                                                                   Burris]

Sarah I. Gore

Age 65.
Director of Conectiv since 1998.
Director of
Delmarva Power & Light Company from 1993 to 1998.
Human
Resources Associate, W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.,
Newark, Delaware.
Member of the Delaware Advisory Board
of First Union, Wilmington, Delaware.
Mrs. Gore and her
family created the I Have a Dream Foundation of Delaware,      
[Photo of Gore]
a non-profit organization for which she serves as
director.


George F. MacCormack

Age 57.
Director of Conectiv since 2000.
Group Vice
President, Polyester Enterprise, E. I. DuPont de Nemours
& Company.
Previously, Vice President and General
Manager, White Pigments & Mineral Products Strategic
Business Unit and Vice President and General Manager,
Specialty Chemicals Strategic Business Unit for DuPont.           
[Photo of
                                                                 MacCormack]

Board and Committee Meetings in 2000

   Number of meetings: Conectiv Board, 10; Audit Committee, 6; Financial
Oversight Committee, 2; Executive Committee, 1; Nominating Committee, 2;
Nuclear Oversight Committee, 1; and Personnel and Compensation Committee, 3.

   
Every director attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Conectiv Board
and of each Committee on which they serve.
The Conectiv Board and Committees
also act by unanimous written consent.


Conectiv Board Committees

   Audit: Reviews auditing, accounting, financial reporting and internal
control functions.
Recommends our independent auditor to the Conectiv Board;
reviews the fees of the independent auditor and ensures auditor independence.

Advises the Board with respect to inter-company transactions and other
fiduciary matters that may relate to Class A common stock.
All members are
outside, non-employee directors: Messrs. McGlynn (Chair), Balotti, Burris and
Holley.

   
Financial Oversight: Evaluates Conectiv's major financial exposures and
assures that Management's risk management practices are appropriate, as well as
evaluates the effectiveness and compliance status of Conectiv's practices
regarding ethics, business code of conduct, and corporate information and
reporting systems, including any significant instances of non-compliance.
All
members are outside, non-employee directors: Messrs. Holley (Chair), Balotti,
Burris and McGlynn.

   Personnel and Compensation: Sets policy for and oversees executive and
employee compensation and benefit programs and practices.
Oversees management
succession.
All members are outside, non-employee directors: Ms. Gore (Chair),
and Messrs. Morgan, McGlynn and MacCormack.

   
Executive: Limited powers to act on behalf of the Conectiv Board when the
Conectiv Board is not in session.
With the exception of the Chairman of the
Board, Mr. Cosgrove, who serves as Chair, all members are outside, non-employee
directors: Ms. Gore and Messrs. Balotti, Holley and Morgan.

   
Nominating: Considers and recommends nominees for election as directors.
All
members are outside, non-employee directors: Dr. Doberstein (Chair) and Mr.
Morgan.
The Nominating Committee will consider nominees recommended by Conectiv
stockholders for election as directors.
The name of any such nominee, together
with the nominee's qualifications and consent to be considered as a nominee,
should be sent to the Secretary of Conectiv.

   Nuclear Oversight: Oversees Conectiv's investment in nuclear generating
assets.
All members are outside, non-employee directors: Mr. Holley (Chair) and
Mr. Burris.


Director Compensation

   Director compensation was set by the Conectiv Board on March 1, 1998, at the
time of the merger by which Delmarva and Atlantic Energy, Inc. became
subsidiaries of Conectiv.
Directors who are not officers of Conectiv receive an
annual retainer of $20,000; $1,000 for each Conectiv Board or committee meeting
attended in person; and $500 for each Conectiv Board or committee meeting
attended by teleconference.
Committee Chairs (other than Mr. Cosgrove as Chair
of the Executive Committee) also receive an annual retainer of $2,500.

   
Directors may defer any part of their compensation into record-keeping
accounts of stock equivalent units at a 20% discount.
These accounts earn at
the rate of the Conectiv common stock dividend.


Security Ownership of Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Beneficial
Owners

   
The following table shows the number of shares of Conectiv common stock and
Conectiv Class A common stock beneficially owned as of December 29, 2000 by:

 .
each person or company that we know beneficially owns more than 5% of the
  outstanding shares of Conectiv common stock or Conectiv Class A common stock;

 .
each member of and nominee to the Conectiv Board;

 .
each executive officer of Conectiv whose compensation is listed in the
  Summary Compensation Table on the next page; and

 .
the directors and executive officers of Conectiv as a group.

                                                             
Shares of Class A
                                  Shares of Common Stock(1)  Common Stock(1)(2)
                                  -------------------------
-------------------

Nominees For Director
CLASS III--TERM EXPIRING IN 2004
 HOWARD E. COSGROVE..............          204,854(4)                 0
 AUDREY K. DOBERSTEIN............            
7,909                    0
 BERNARD J. MORGAN...............            
8,332                  618
Incumbent Directors:
CLASS I--TERM EXPIRING IN 2002
 R. FRANKLIN BALOTTI.............            
9,238                    0
 RICHARD B. MCGLYNN..............            6,791                  522
 CYRUS H. HOLLEY.................            4,250                  724
CLASS II--TERM EXPIRING IN 2003
 ROBERT D. BURRIS................            5,921                    0
 SARAH I. GORE...................            6,506                    0
 GEORGE F. MacCORMACK............            2,901                    0
Other Executive Officers: (3)
 THOMAS S. SHAW, President and
  Chief Operating Officer........           55,457(4)                 0
 JOHN C. VAN RODEN, Senior Vice
  President and Chief Financial
  Officer........................           10,700(4)                 0
 BARBARA S. GRAHAM, Senior Vice
  President......................           36,354(4)                 0
 WILLIAM H. SPENCE, Senior Vice
  President, Energy..............           13,085(4)                 0

   As of December 29, 2000, all current directors and executive officers as a
group (15 persons) owned beneficially 427,511 shares of Conectiv common stock,
representing 0.5% of the shares of Conectiv common stock outstanding, and 1,864
shares of Conectiv Class A common stock, representing 0.03% of the shares of
Conectiv Class A common stock outstanding.
Conectiv is not aware of any person
or company that beneficially owns more than 5% of the outstanding shares of
Conectiv common stock or Conectiv Class A common stock.

- --------
(1) Each of the individuals listed beneficially owned less than 1% of
    Conectiv's outstanding Conectiv common stock (including Conectiv common
    stock and Conectiv Class A common stock).

(2) Includes shares owned beneficially by Mr. Cosgrove and other Executive
    Officers of Conectiv pursuant to the Conectiv Savings and Investment Plan
    (including Payroll-Based Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Employee Stock
    Ownership Plan), Deferred Compensation Plan and Conectiv Incentive
    Compensation Plan.

(3) Also reportable as a "named executive officer" is Mr. Barry R. Elson,
    former Executive Vice President of Conectiv.
Mr. Elson's employment
    terminated on October 1, 2000.
As of December 29, 2000, Mr. Elson held
    3,158 shares of Conectiv common stock in the Deferred Compensation Plan.

(4) Includes 35,100 shares for Mr. Cosgrove, 15,000 shares for Mr. Shaw, 7,700
    shares for Mr. van Roden, 11,000 shares for Mrs. Graham and 4,000 shares
    for Mr. Spence of Performance Accelerated Restricted Stock (which we refer
    to as PARS).
Unless the restrictions lapse under the terms of Conectiv's
    Long-Term Incentive Plan (which we refer to as the LTIP), the number of
    shares actually earned will depend on meeting pre-determined financial
    performance measures related to stockholder value at the end of the seven-
    year restriction period.


Executive Compensation

 Summary Compensation Table

   
The following table shows information regarding the compensation earned
during the past year by Conectiv's Chief Executive Officer and by Conectiv's
other four most highly-compensated executive officers for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2000.

                      
Table 1--SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                        Annual Compensation              Long Term Compensation
                                 ----------------------------------
--------------------------------
                                                                           Awards          Payouts
                                                                    ---------------------
----------
                                            Variable                Restricted Securities
   Name and Principal                     Compensation Other Annual   Stock    Underlying    LTIP       All Other
      Position(7)        Year(1)  Salary   (Bonus)(2)  Compensation Awards(3)   Options   Payouts(4) Compensation(5)
   ------------------    -------
--------
------------ ------------ ----------
---------- ---------- ---------------

H. E. Cosgrove..........  2000   $600,000   $248,400         0       $271,875   124,000         --       $17,682
 Chairman of the Board    1999   $600,000   $217,500         0       $187,500    57,000         --       $18,204
 and Chief Executive      1998   $600,000   $150,000         0              0   360,000    $572,134      $12,329
 Officer

T. S. Shaw..............  2000   $354,700   $122,500         0       $150,000    51,900         --       $10,606
 President/Chief          1999   $325,000   $120,000         0       $291,500    26,000         --       $8,258
 Operating Officer(6)     1998   $325,000   $ 78,000         0              0   170,000    $155,267      $9,478

J. C. van Roden.........  2000   $275,000   $ 85,400         0       $ 90,625    34,700         --       $ 9,810
 Senior Vice              1999   $250,000   $ 72,500         0            --    170,000         --       $ 8,342
 President/Chief          1998    $17,686        --          0            --        --          --           --
 Financial Officer(6)

B. S. Graham............  2000   $262,500   $115,920         0       $ 90,625    33,100         --       $ 7,971
 Senior Vice President    1999   $250,000   $ 72,500         0       $ 62,750    14,000         --       $ 7,504
                          1998   $250,000   $ 50,200         0              0   170,000    $155,267      $ 5,308

W. H. Spence............  2000   $198,100   $ 85,520         0       $ 22,238    28,500         --       $ 6,021
 Senior Vice President,   1999        --    $ 71,159       --             --        --          --           --
 Energy(6)                1998        --         --        --             --        --          --           --

- --------
(1)  
The 1998 merger involving Atlantic Energy and Delmarva was effective as of
     March 1, 1998.
Accordingly, except for Mr. van Roden, 1998 salary is shown
     as an annualized amount.
Mr. van Roden joined Conectiv on November 30,
     1998, and the 1998 salary shown is his actual salary.
Other 1998 items of
     compensation reflect full calendar 1998 compensation received from
     Conectiv or Delmarva.

(2)  The target award is 60% of annualized salary for Mr. Cosgrove, 50% for Mr.
     Shaw, 45% for Mr. van Roden, 40% for Mrs. Graham and 30% for Mr. Spence.
     
For 1999, the dollar value of the bonus reported above has been reduced by
     the portion of the bonus deferred and reported above as a 2000 Restricted
     Stock Award, as follows: H. E. Cosgrove ($435,000 bonus with $217,500
     purchasing Restricted Stock Units (which we refer to as RSU's)); T. S.
     Shaw ($240,000 bonus with $120,000 purchasing RSU's); J. C. van Roden
     ($145,000 bonus with $72,500 purchasing RSU's); B. S. Graham ($145,000
     bonus with $72,500 purchasing RSU's); W. H. Spence ($88,949 bonus with
     $17,790 purchasing RSU's).
For 2000, the dollar value of the bonus
     reported above has been reduced by the portion of the bonus deferred, as
     follows: H. E. Cosgrove ($496,800 bonus with $248,400 purchasing RSU's);
     T. S. Shaw ($245,000 bonus with $122,500 purchasing RSU's); J. C. van
     Roden ($170,800 bonus with $85,400 purchasing RSU's); B. S. Graham
     ($144,900 bonus with $28,980 purchasing RSU's); W. H. Spence ($106,900
     bonus with $21,380 purchasing RSU's)
(3) A mandatory 20% of the bonus (reported in this Table as "Variable
    Compensation") and any additional portion of the bonus that an executive
    elects to defer (up to an additional 30%) is deferred for at least three
    years under the Management Stock Purchase Program (which we refer to as
    MSPP) and used to purchase RSU's at a 20% discount.
The dollar value of
    RSU's deferred under MSPP in 2000 (inclusive of the discounted portion),
    based on the fair market value at the award date, was for H. E. Cosgrove
    ($271,875 of which $54,375 is the discount); T. S. Shaw ($150,000 of which
    $30,000 is the discount),

   J. C. van Roden ($90,625 of which $18,125 is the discount), B. S. Graham
   ($90,625 of which $18,125 is the discount), W. H. Spence ($22,238 of which
   $4,448 is the discount).
At the end of 2000, the number and value of the
   aggregate restricted stock holdings (including RSU's, Performance
   Accelerated Restricted Stock (which we refer to as PARS) and special
   grants) valued at $20.0625, the closing stock price on December 29, 2000,
   for the individuals identified in the Summary Compensation Table was as
   follows: for Mr. Cosgrove, 57,997 restricted stock holdings valued at
   $1,163,565; for Mr. Shaw, 45,006 restricted stock holdings valued at
   $902,933; for Mr. van Roden 12,217 restricted stock holdings valued at
   $245,104; for Mrs. Graham 18,645 restricted stock holdings valued at
   $374,065; for Mr. Spence 5,608 restricted stock holdings valued at
   $112,511.

(4)
During 1998, all restrictions lapsed on the performance-based restricted
    stock granted in 1995 and 1996 under the Delmarva LTIP due to the merger
    involving Delmarva and Atlantic Energy.
Under change in control
    provisions, the awards fully vested resulting in a payout to Mr. Cosgrove
    of 21,160 shares (11,570 for 1995 and 9,590 for 1996) valued at $454,940;
    to Mr. Shaw of 5,450 shares (2,870 for 1995 and 2,580 for 1996) valued at
    $117,175; and to Mrs. Graham of 5,450 shares (2,870 for 1995 and 2,580 for
    1996) valued at $117,175.
Shares were valued at $21.50 at the time of
    payout.