URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1042134/000101287001000987/0001012870-01-000987.txt

Background of the Merger

   The terms and conditions of the merger agreement and merger are the result
of arm's length negotiations between representatives of Chordiant and
representatives of Prime Response.
Set forth below is a summary of the
background of these negotiations.

   
Chordiant and Prime Response have been familiar with each other's businesses
for a number of years.
Senior executives of the two companies have previously
encountered one another in a variety of business and industry settings.

   
Throughout the summer and early fall of 2000, Prime Response engaged in
discussions with a number of companies concerning potential business
combinations or other partnering transactions.

   
On May 23, 2000, Peter Boni, Prime Response's President and Chief Executive
Officer, met with a representative of Thomas Weisel Partners, to explore
strategic partnership options, including a possible marketing partnership with
some of Thomas Weisel Partners' clients.

   
On June 21, 2000, Samuel Spadafora, Chordiant's Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Chordiant board of directors called Mr. Boni to explore
strategic partnership options, including a possible marketing partnership.

   
During July 2000, Thomas Weisel Partners discussed with Chordiant various
topics related to a possible transaction with Prime Response.
The engagement of
Thomas Weisel Partners was confirmed in writing by an engagement letter dated
October 24, 2000.
On July 12, 2000, Thomas Weisel Partners gave Mr. Spadafora,
Steven Springsteel, Chordiant's then current Chief Financial Officer, Don
Morrison, Executive Vice President, Business Development and Marketing, David
Bernstein, Vice President of Strategic Business Development and

Joseph Tumminaro, Chief Technology Officer of Chordiant, a briefing on Prime
Response's financial and product background.

   
On July 13, 2000, Mr. Boni and James Carling, Chief Technology Officer of
Prime Response, and Frederick Phillips, Chief Financial Officer of Prime
Response, met with Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Springsteel, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bernstein
and Mr. Tumminaro at Chordiant's offices to exchange information about their
respective companies.
Prior to this meeting and on the same day, Chordiant and
Prime Response executed a mutual confidentiality agreement containing customary
terms and conditions regarding the confidential treatment of information
furnished by either party.
During this meeting, both parties agreed to begin a
marketing and co-selling strategic partnership, and both parties expressed an
interest in exploring the possibility of a merger transaction involving
Chordiant and Prime Response.

   
On July 21, 2000, senior management of Chordiant met with the board of
directors of Chordiant to, among other things, outline Chordiant's merger and
acquisition strategy and strategic partnering strategy.
The board of directors
of Chordiant authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue to
investigate potential strategic partners and acquisition candidates.

   
On July 24, 2000, Mr. Boni and Mr. Phillips met with the board of directors
of Prime Response, to, among other things, outline different acquisitions
proposals which had been presented to Prime Response and to analyze the
strengths and weaknesses of each proposal.

   
On August 10, 2000, Mr. Bernstein and representatives of Thomas Weisel
Partners met with Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips and representatives of Robertson
Stephens, the exclusive financial advisor to Prime Response engaged by Prime
Response pursuant to an engagement letter between Prime Response and Robertson
Stephens dated October 4, 1999.
During this meeting, Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips and
representatives of Robertson Stephens gave Mr. Bernstein and representatives of
Thomas Weisel Partners a due diligence overview of Prime Response's business in
connection with investigating the possibility of a merger transaction between
Chordiant and Prime Response.
At various times during the meeting, Gary
Daniels, Vice President of Product Development for Prime Response, and Allen
Swann, President, International for Prime Response, were teleconferenced in
from their United Kingdom offices to answer certain questions.

   
On August 15, 2000, Mr. Bernstein met with Ian Bowles, Senior Vice
President, International, Andrew Cutler, Vice President of Application
Consulting and Product Marketing and Tony O'Donnell, Vice President of
Alliances, International of Prime Response, in the United Kingdom to review the
possibility of integrating Prime Response's product line with Chordiant's
current products and the possible business synergies between the two companies.

   
On September 18, 2000, Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Springsteel, Mr. Morrison and Mr.
Bernstein met with Marc McMorris, a director of Prime Response and a principal
of General Atlantic Partners, LLC ("GAP"), a principal stockholder of Prime
Response, in Chicago.
At this meeting, Chordiant made an oral non-binding
proposal to Prime Response regarding a possible stock-for-stock merger
transaction involving Chordiant and Prime Response.
This proposal included,
among other terms, a proposed exchange ratio of 0.60 of a share of Chordiant
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock.
The closing price of
Chordiant's common stock on September 18, 2000 was $10.50 and the closing price
of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $4.50.
At this exchange
ratio, the implied price of Prime Response stock price on September 18, 2000
was $6.30 (determined by multiplying $10.50 by 0.60) and the implied equity
value of Prime Response was approximately $137.5 million.

   
On September 20, 2000 a term sheet outlining Chordiant's proposal was
exchanged between the two parties and negotiation of the term sheet occurred
between September 20, 2000 and October 3, 2000.
During that time, Chordiant and
Prime Response were unable to come to an agreement on the terms of the proposed
transaction between Chordiant and Prime Response.
On October 5, 2000, Mr. Boni
called Mr. Bernstein to indicate that continued discussions between the two
companies would not be productive at that time.

   
Throughout the week of October 11, 2000, Mr. Bernstein spoke with Mr. Boni
by telephone to discuss the possibility of pursing a strategic partnership.
On
October 17, 2000, Chordiant and Prime Response agreed that they would pursue a
marketing partnership and also decided to resume discussions with respect to a
proposed merger transaction between the two companies.
On October 18, 2000, a
revised term sheet, including a possible exchange ratio of 0.65 of a share of
Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock, was sent
to Mr. Boni.
The closing price of Chordiant's common stock on October 18, 2000
was $6.38 and the closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date
was $2.94.
At this exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common
stock on October 18, 2000 was $4.15 (determined by multiplying $6.38 by 0.65)
and the implied equity value of Prime Response on October 18, 2000 was
approximately $86.2 million.

   
On October 20, 2000, Mr. Spadafora made a presentation to the Chordiant
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response.
After discussion, the board of directors
authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue discussions and
negotiations with Prime Response regarding the proposed merger.

   
On October 25, 2000, Mr. Morrison and Mr. Bernstein met with Mr. McMorris
and Mr. Boni.
From October 25, 2000 until October 27, 2000, revised term sheets
outlining terms surrounding a possible merger transaction between Chordiant and
Prime Response were exchanged.
On October 26, 2000, a revised term sheet,
including a possible exchange ratio of 0.70 of a share of Chordiant common
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock, was sent to Mr. Boni.
The
closing price of Chordiant's common stock on October 26, 2000 was $7.38 and the
closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $2.94.
At this
exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common stock on October 26,
2000 was $5.17 (determined by multiplying $7.38 by 0.70) and the implied equity
value of Prime Response on October 26, 2000 was approximately $109.8 million.

   
Between October 30, 2000 and November 1, 2000, Mr. Boni informed various
executive officers of Chordiant that Prime Response was considering other
acquisition proposals from third parties.

   
On November 1, 2000, Mr. Boni made a presentation to the Prime Response
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response and other potential strategic alternatives.

   
On November 2, 2000, Mr. Boni called Mr. Bernstein to inform him that Prime
Response had chosen to enter into a merger transaction with another corporation
and that the proposed merger transaction between Prime Response and Chordiant
would no longer be feasible.
A merger agreement between Prime Response and the
other corporation was never executed.

   
On November 15, 2000, Mr. McMorris called Mr. Spadafora, and Mr. Boni called
Mr. Bernstein to inquire about resuming discussions with Chordiant regarding a
merger transaction between the companies.

   
Between November 16 and November 17, 2000, representatives of the two
companies decided that, subject to a number of significant contingencies,
including approval by both companies' board of directors and stockholders,
receipt of fairness opinions from their respective investment bankers, as well
as completion of due diligence, and agreement on various open issues, the two
companies would proceed towards negotiation and execution of a merger
agreement.

   
On November 17, 2000, Mr. McMorris made a presentation to the Prime Response
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response.
After discussion, the board of directors
authorized senior management of Prime Response to continue discussions and
negotiations with Chordiant and to enter into a non-binding term sheet.
On the
same day, Chordiant delivered to Prime Response a non-binding term sheet
containing an outline of the principal terms of a possible transaction and both
parties executed a letter agreement, which included "no shop" provisions
prohibiting Prime Response from soliciting or entertaining acquisition
proposals from third parties for a limited period of time.
Based on

changes in circumstances since the parties' discussions in September and
October, the representatives of the companies discussed key elements of the
proposed transaction, including a possible exchange ratio of 0.70 of a share of
Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock.
The
closing price of Chordiant's common stock on November 17, 2000 was $4.38 and
the closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $3.06.
At
this exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common stock on
November 17, 2000 was $3.07 (determined by multiplying $4.38 by 0.70) and the
implied equity value of Prime Response on November 17, 2000 was approximately
$62.8 million.

   
On November 22, 2000, outside legal counsel to Chordiant delivered a first
draft of a merger agreement to outside legal counsel to Prime Response.
On the
same day, due diligence request lists were exchanged between the two parties.

Representatives of both companies and their respective outside legal counsel
and financial advisors exchanged various telephone calls with a view toward
preparing for due diligence efforts.
The due diligence investigations continued
through December 17, 2000.
Due diligence efforts were suspended on December 18,
2000, resumed on January 3, 2001 and continued until the merger agreement was
executed on January 8, 2001.

   
During the period from November 22, 2000 to December 17, 2000, Prime
Response's management team and legal, financial and accounting advisors met by
telephonic conference call to review and summarize the progress of their due
diligence and the negotiation of the merger.

   
On November 28, 2000, representatives from both Prime Response and Chordiant
met in Boston to discuss the proposed merger involving the two companies.

   
On November 29, 2000, a due diligence meeting was held in Boston.

Representatives of Prime Response made presentations about the company's
business model and sales outlook and answered questions during the meeting.
The
attendees included: Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bernstein, Stephen Kelly,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Chordiant, Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips,
Terence Osborne, Chairman of the board of directors of Prime Response, Mark
Abbott, Vice President of Product Planning for Prime Response, Mr. Carling,
Mary Jefts, Vice President of Finance of Prime Response, Paul Lavallee,
President, the Americas for Prime Response, Mr. Swann, Craig Zajac, Corporate
Counsel of Prime Response, Steven Gal, Vice President of Marketing of Prime
Response, James Plantan, Vice President of Business Development of Prime
Response, Mr. McMorris and Rajeev Shah, an associate for GAP.
Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence meeting.

   
On December 5, 2000, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Morrison and Cary Morgan, Acting Chief
Financial Officer, Acting Chief Accounting Officer, Acting Secretary, Vice
President and Controller of Chordiant held a due diligence conference call
whereby they provided certain members of senior management of Prime Response
and certain members of the board of directors of Prime Response, including Mr.
Boni, Mr. Phillips and Mr. McMorris, sales outlook and other sales information
about Chordiant and answered questions about such information.
Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence conference call.

   
On December 6, 2000, Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Bernstein held a further due diligence conference call whereby they provided
certain members of senior management of Prime Response and certain members or
representatives of the board of directors of Prime Response, including Mr.
Boni, Mr. Phillips, Mr. McMorris, Franchon M. Smithson, a partner for GAP and
Mr. Shah, financial, customer, marketing and product information about
Chordiant and answered questions about Chordiant's business.
Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence conference call.

   
During the period from December 7, 2000 until December 17, 2000,
representatives of Chordiant and representatives of Prime Response and the
respective outside legal counsels and financial advisors to Chordiant and Prime
Response had numerous meetings and telephone conferences during which the
merger agreement and various related agreements were discussed and negotiated.

   
On December 15, 2000, Mr. Boni provided Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Morrison with an update on Prime Response's business and the outlook for the
fourth quarter of 2000.

   
On December 15, 2000, the Prime Response board of directors met by
telephonic conference call to review the terms of the merger agreement.
After
reviewing the terms of the agreement and discussing the benefits and risks of
the merger and the board's fiduciary duties with its legal and financial
advisors, the Prime Response board of directors approved the merger agreement.

   
On December 16, 2000, the Chordiant board of directors held a conference
call with members of Chordiant's senior management, members of Chordiant's
outside legal counsel and representatives of Thomas Weisel Partners to discuss
the proposed terms of the merger agreement, results of due diligence and the
strategic opportunities presented by the proposed merger.
Thomas Weisel
Partners presented a detailed financial analysis of the proposed merger.

Representatives of Cooley Godward LLP discussed the key legal issues presented
by the proposed merger agreement and related agreements and also made a
presentation to the Chordiant board of directors regarding the results of due
diligence.
The members of the Chordiant board of directors present at the
meeting inquired as to the results of the due diligence efforts and the
potential benefits and risks to Chordiant of the proposed merger.
At the
conclusion of the financial review and discussion of the terms of the merger
agreement, Thomas Weisel Partners provided the Chordiant board of directors
with financial advice regarding the proposed merger.
The board of directors
identified certain terms and conditions that should be included in the
definitive merger agreement and authorized senior management of Chordiant to
continue negotiations with Prime Response, subject to meeting the identified
terms and conditions.

   
On December 16, 2000, Mr. Spadafora called Mr. Boni to discuss certain
proposed terms and conditions to the proposed merger.
Despite negotiating these
terms and conditions throughout the day, the parties were unable to come to an
agreement.

   
Certain members of the Chordiant board of directors held another conference
call on December 17, 2000 with senior management of Chordiant and Chordiant's
outside legal counsel to discuss the status of the proposed merger, including
certain terms and conditions of the merger agreement.
After discussion, the
Chordiant board of directors approved the merger agreement, the related
agreements, including the voting agreements, and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement and the related agreements, subject to certain terms
and conditions being included in the definitive merger agreement and the
successful completion of negotiations.
On the same day, Mr. Spadafora, various
other members of Chordiant's senior management and Chordiant's outside legal
counsel once again discussed and negotiated the proposed terms of the merger
agreement with representatives of Prime Response and Prime Response's outside
legal counsel.
The parties were unable to come to an agreement on the proposed
terms of the merger agreement.

   
On December 18, 2000, both Chordiant and Prime Response decided to cease
discussions related to a proposed merger at this time.

   
During the week of December 18, 2000, Mr. William Ford, a general partner of
GAP and Mr. Spadafora had a number of phone discussions to discuss the
possibility of resuming negotiations between the parties.

   
On December 26, 2000, Mr. Spadafora and Mr. Morrison held a conference call
with Mr. Ford and Mr. McMorris to discuss possible deal terms.

   
Between December 26, 2000 and December 29, 2000, Mr. Morrison and Mr.
McMorris discussed the various terms and conditions of the merger agreement in
an attempt to come to a mutual agreement.

   
On December 28, 2000, Prime Response's outside legal counsel forwarded
senior management of Chordiant and Chordiant's outside legal counsel a proposal
with respect to certain conditions of closing in the merger agreement.

   
During the period from January 3, 2001 until January 8, 2001,
representatives of Chordiant and of Prime Response and their respective outside
legal counsel had numerous telephone conferences during which the proposed
merger, merger agreement and various related agreements were again discussed
and negotiated.

   
On January 4, 2001, the Chordiant board of directors met again by telephone
conference to discuss the proposed merger.
Thomas Weisel Partners updated its
financial review with respect to the proposed merger.
The Chordiant board of
directors, members of Chordiant management and representatives of Chordiant's
outside legal counsel and Thomas Weisel Partners discussed the terms of the
merger agreement, including, based on changes in circumstances since December,
a possible exchange ratio of 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock for each
share of Prime Response common stock.
The closing price of Chordiant's common
stock on January 4, 2001 was $3.47 and the closing price of Prime Response's
common stock on January 4, 2001 was $1.03.
At this exchange ratio, the implied
price of Prime Response common stock on January 4, 2001 was $2.08 (determined
by multiplying $3.47 by 0.60) and the implied equity value of Prime Response on
January 4, 2001 was approximately $42.6 million.
At the conclusion of the
financial review and discussion of the terms of the merger agreement, Thomas
Weisel Partners provided the Chordiant board of directors with an oral opinion
(subsequently confirmed in writing) that, as of that date and based upon
certain assumptions and qualifications, the exchange ratio in the merger
agreement (0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime
Response common stock) was fair to Chordiant from a financial point of view.

After discussion, the Chordiant board of directors approved the merger
agreement, the related agreements, including the voting agreements, and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the related agreements,
subject to successful completion of negotiations, and authorized the officers
of Chordiant to finalize and execute the merger agreement and related
agreements.

   
On January 5, 2001, the Prime Response board of directors met again to
discuss the proposed merger.
At the meeting, Robertson Stephens updated its
financial review with respect to the proposed merger.
The board of directors,
members of Prime Response's management and representatives of Prime Response's
outside legal counsel and Robertson Stephens discussed the terms of the merger
agreement and related agreements.
At the conclusion of the financial review and
discussion of the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements,
Robertson Stephens provided the Prime Response board of directors with an oral
opinion (subsequently confirmed in writing) that, based upon certain
assumptions and qualifications, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair to the holders of Prime Response common stock from a
financial point of view.
After full discussion, the Prime Response board of
directors approved the merger agreement, the related agreements and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the related agreements
and authorized the officers of Prime Response to finalize and execute the
merger agreement and related agreements.

   
On January 8, 2001, upon completion of all negotiations and finalization of
all agreements, the parties executed and delivered the merger agreement and
certain of the related agreements, and at the close of market on January 8,
2001, Chordiant and Prime Response issued a joint press release announcing the
transaction.


Reasons for the Merger

   The following discussion of the parties' reasons for the merger contains a
number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of
Chordiant or Prime Response with respect to future events that may have an
effect on their future financial performance.
Forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties.
Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking
statements.
Cautionary statements that identify important factors that could
cause or contribute to differences in results and outcomes include those
discussed in "Summary--Forward-Looking Information" and "Risk Factors."

 
Chordiant's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of the Chordiant Board
 of Directors

   Chordiant's board of directors determined that the terms of the merger and
the merger agreement are fair to, and in the best interests of, Chordiant and
its stockholders.
Chordiant's board of directors consulted with

Chordiant's senior management, as well as its legal counsel and financial
advisors in reaching its decision to approve the merger and the merger
agreement.
Chordiant's primary reasons for seeking to complete the merger with
Prime Response are the beliefs of the board of directors and management of
Chordiant that the merger could result in a number of benefits, including the
following:

  .
entry into new strategic market segments for Chordiant, with the
    potential for growth through an established market leader;

  .
the ability of the combined company to offer existing and potential
    customers complementary and expanded product lines;

  .
Prime Response's marketing software applications, technologies and
    technical, engineering and sales expertise, which are in high demand and
    in short supply; and

  .
the ability of the two companies to combine their technological resources
    to develop new and improved products and additional applications.

   
In reaching its determination that the merger is in the best interests of
Chordiant and its stockholders, the board of directors of Chordiant considered
a number of factors, including the factors discussed above and listed below.

The conclusions reached by the board of directors of Chordiant with respect to
these factors supported its determination that the merger and the issuance of
shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger were fair to, and in the best
interests of, Chordiant:

  .
the judgment, advice and analyses of Chordiant's management with respect
    to the potential strategic, financial and operational benefits of the
    merger, including Chordiant management's favorable recommendation of the
    merger, based in part on the business, technical, financial and
    accounting due diligence investigations performed with respect to Prime
    Response;

  .
the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements, including price
    and structure, which were considered by both the board of directors and
    management of Chordiant to provide a fair and equitable basis for the
    merger;

  .
the complementary fit between Chordiant's and Prime Response's market
    segments, which should facilitate integration of the two companies; and

  .
the opinion of Thomas Weisel Partners that, based on and subject to
    matters set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the
    merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Chordiant.

   
The board of directors of Chordiant also considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger.
The potentially
negative factors considered by the board of directors of Chordiant included:

  .
the risk that the merger might not be completed in a timely manner or at
    all;

  .
the potential negative impact of any customer or partner confusion after
    announcement of the proposed merger;

  .
the potential negative reaction of the financial community after
    announcement of the proposed merger;

  .
the potential dilutive effect on Chordiant's common stock price if
    revenue and earnings expectations of the combined company are not met;

  .
the fact that Prime Response had not met securities analysts'
    expectations with respect to earnings and revenues in 2000 and may not
    meet such expectations in 2001;

  .
risks related to the future operation of Prime Response's business,
    including potential adverse effects arising from circumstances that
    existed prior to the signing of the merger agreement;

  .
the fact that Chordiant would have to consummate the merger even if
    during the pre-closing period, a change, effect, event, occurrence, state
    of facts or development occurs that has had or could reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
    condition or results of operations of Prime Response and its
    subsidiaries;

  .
the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized,
    including Chordiant's inability to retain the key technical and
    engineering employees of Prime Response;

  .
the general difficulties of integrating products, employees, technologies
    and companies;

  .
the costs associated with the merger, including merger related
    transaction costs and costs associated with severance arrangements with
    certain employees; and

  .
the other risks and uncertainties discussed above under "Risk Factors.
"

   The foregoing discussion of information and factors considered by the
Chordiant board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed
to include all material factors considered by the board.
In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by the Chordiant board of directors, the
Chordiant board of directors did not find it practicable to quantify or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered.
In
addition, the board of directors did not reach any specific conclusion on each
factor considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but conducted an
overall analysis of these factors.
Individual members of the Chordiant board of
directors may have given different weights to different factors.
After taking
into account all of the factors set forth above, however, the Chordiant board
of directors agreed that the merger agreement and the merger were fair to, and
in the best interests of, Chordiant and its stockholders and that Chordiant
should proceed with the merger.

   
There can be no assurance that the benefits of the potential growth,
synergies or opportunities considered by the Chordiant board of directors will
be achieved through consummation of the merger.
See "Risk Factors.
"

   FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, CHORDIANT'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED
THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CHORDIANT COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDS
THAT CHORDIANT'S STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CHORDIANT
COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER.

 
Prime Response's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of the Prime
 Response Board of Directors

   Prime Response's board of directors has determined that the terms of the
merger and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Prime
Response and its stockholders, and determined to recommend that the
stockholders of Prime Response adopt the merger agreement.
In its evaluation of
the merger and the merger agreement, Prime Response's board of directors
consulted with Prime Response's senior management, as well as its legal and
financial advisors.
The decision of the Prime Response board of directors to
approve the merger and the merger agreement was based upon the potential
benefits derived from the possible merger of Prime Response and Chordiant as
compared to Prime Response continuing to operate as an independent business.

Prime Response's management has also considered a number of alternatives for
enhancing its business, including merging with other companies or modifying
various aspects of its current operations and proceeding as an independent
business.
In addition to the potential benefits described under "The Merger--
Chordiant's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of the Chordiant Board of
Directors" that would be applicable to Prime Response stockholders, the Prime
Response board believes there are additional reasons that the merger will be
beneficial to Prime Response and its stockholders including the following:

  .
the merger would provide Prime Response stockholders with shares of
    Chordiant common stock in a tax-free exchange for United States federal
    income tax purposes at a small implied premium over the market price for
    Prime Response common stock at the time the merger agreement was entered
    into;

  .
the availability following the merger of greater resources to continue to
    establish and support sales of both companies' products;

  .
the ability to make greater resources available for the distribution of
    Prime Response's products and services;

  .
enabling the combined company to offer complementary product lines, which
    presents the opportunity to increase the breadth of products and services
    offered;

  .
the enhanced ability of the combined company to offer product offerings
    with more comprehensive features and functionality, in order to be better
    positioned as the competitive market evolves and competitive products are
    introduced; and

  .
the ability of the combined enterprise to better attract experienced and
    required personnel, particularly in sales and marketing, in light of the
    combined enterprise's greater available resources and geographic
    presence.

   
Prime Response's board reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the
merger, including, but not limited to, the following:

  .
information concerning the financial performance and condition, results
    of operations, competitive position, management and business of Chordiant
    and Prime Response before and after giving effect to the merger;

  .
current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
    volatility and trading information with respect to Chordiant common stock
    and Prime Response common stock;

  .
the consideration Chordiant will issue in the merger in light of offers
    from other acquirors;

  .
the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements
    are reasonable;

  .
the impact of the merger on the customers, partners and employees of
    Prime Response and Chordiant;

  .
the market conditions affecting Prime Response;

  .
the ability of Prime Response to continue to grow and prosper as a stand-
    alone entity;

  .
results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Prime Response's
    management, accountants and legal and financial advisors; and

  .
the financial presentation of Robertson Stephens and its opinion as to
    the fairness to the stockholders of Prime Response from a financial point
    of view, as of the date of its opinion, of the exchange ratio provided
    for in the merger agreement, as more fully described below under the
    caption "The Merger--Opinion of Prime Response's Financial Advisor.
"

   Prime Response's board also considered the terms of the merger agreement
regarding Prime Response's rights and limits on its ability to consider and
negotiate other acquisition proposals, as well as the possible effects of the
provisions regarding termination, termination fees and the reimbursement of
Chordiant's merger-related expenses.
In addition, it was noted to Prime
Response's board that the merger is expected to be a tax-free transaction for
United States federal income tax purposes and accounted for as a purchase.

   
The Prime Response board also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the
merger agreement, including the following:

  .
the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

  .
the fact that the proposed exchange ratio is fixed and will not change
    with increases or decreases in the market price of either company's stock
    before completion of the merger, and the possibility that the dollar
    value of a share of Chordiant stock at the closing of the merger may be
    more or less than the dollar value of a share of Chordiant stock at the
    time of the signing of the merger agreement;

  .
the risk that the merger may not be consummated, notwithstanding the
    voting agreements obtained from holders representing beneficial
    ownership, excluding any shares issuable upon the exercise of options or
    warrants, of approximately 40% of Prime Response's outstanding common
    stock as of the record date, and the effect of the public announcement of
    the merger on Prime Response's sales, customer relations and operating
    results;

  .
the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the
    merger, including employee layoffs and the fact that key technical, sales
    and management personnel would likely not be employed by Chordiant
    following the merger;

  .
the merger would provide Prime Response stockholders with shares of
    Chordiant common stock in a tax-free exchange for United States federal
    income tax purposes with very little implied premium over the market
    price for Prime Response common stock at the time the merger agreement
    was entered into;

  .
the fact that the merger agreement requires Prime Response to obtain
    Chordiant's consent in order to take a variety of actions;

  .
Prime Response's limited ability to terminate the merger agreement,
    including the fact that, under certain circumstances, the receipt of a
    superior proposal may allow the Prime Response board of directors to
    change or withdraw its recommendation as to the adoption of the merger
    agreement, but would still require Prime Response to submit the adoption
    of the merger agreement to a vote of Prime Response stockholders;

  .
the fact that Prime Response would have to consummate the merger even if
    during the pre-closing period, a change, effect, event, occurrence, state
    of facts or development occurs that has had or could reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
    condition or results of operations of Chordiant and its subsidiaries;

  .
the challenges of integrating Prime Response's operations with those of
    Chordiant; and

  .
other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    under "Risk Factors.
"

   Prime Response's board concluded, however, that these risks could be managed
or mitigated and that on balance, the merger's potential benefits to Prime
Response and its stockholders outweighed the associated risks.
This discussion
of the information and factors considered by Prime Response's board is not
exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, Prime Response's board did not find it practicable
to, and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific
factors considered in reaching the determination.

   
FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, PRIME RESPONSE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS
APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER AND HAS DETERMINED
THAT
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO AND IN THE
BEST INTERESTS OF PRIME RESPONSE AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS, AND RECOMMENDS THAT
PRIME RESPONSE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

   
In considering the recommendation of Prime Response's board with respect to
the merger agreement, Prime Response stockholders should be aware that certain
directors and officers of Prime Response have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of other Prime Response
stockholders and that Chordiant has agreed to continue certain existing
indemnification arrangements in favor of directors and officers of Prime
Response.
Please see "The Merger--Interests of Prime Response's Officers and
Directors in the Merger.
"

Opinion of Chordiant's Financial Advisor

   The board of directors of Chordiant engaged Thomas Weisel Partners to act as
its financial advisor and to render a fairness opinion in connection with the
proposed merger of Prime Response and Chordiant.
On

January 4, 2001, Thomas Weisel Partners delivered to the Chordiant board of
directors its oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in writing) that,
as of that date and based upon the assumptions made, matters considered and
limits of review set forth in Thomas Weisel Partners' written opinion, the
exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Chordiant.

   
Chordiant determined the exchange ratio through negotiations with Prime
Response.
Chordiant did not impose any limitations on Thomas Weisel Partners
with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed in rendering its
opinion.

   
THE FULL TEXT OF THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS' WRITTEN OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS
CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY
THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS IN DELIVERING ITS OPINION, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX C TO
THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
YOU SHOULD READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY
AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIPTION OF THE THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS'
OPINION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE WRITTEN OPINION AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY THE WRITTEN OPINION AND IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE WRITTEN
OPINION.

   
THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS DIRECTED ITS OPINION TO THE CHORDIANT BOARD OF
DIRECTORS.
THE OPINION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO THE STOCKHOLDERS
OF CHORDIANT AS TO HOW THEY SHOULD VOTE WITH RESPECT TO THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES
OF CHORDIANT COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER.
THE OPINION ADDRESSES ONLY THE
FINANCIAL FAIRNESS OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO IN THE MERGER.
IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE
RELATIVE MERITS OF THE MERGER OR ANY ALTERNATIVES TO THE MERGER.
FURTHER, IT
DOES NOT ADDRESS THE BUSINESS DECISION OF THE CHORDIANT BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO
PROCEED WITH OR CONSUMMATE THE MERGER.

   
In connection with its opinion, Thomas Weisel Partners, among other things:

  . reviewed certain publicly available financial and other data with respect
    to Chordiant and Prime Response, including the consolidated financial
    statements for recent years and for the most recent fiscal quarters for
    which published results are available, and certain other relevant
    financial and operating data relating to Chordiant and Prime Response
    made available to Thomas Weisel Partners from published sources and from
    the internal records of Chordiant and Prime Response;

  .
reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the merger agreement;

  .
reviewed certain publicly available information concerning the trading
    of, and the trading market for, Chordiant common stock and Prime Response
    common stock;

  .
compared Chordiant and Prime Response from a financial point of view with
    certain other companies in the software industry which Thomas Weisel
    Partners deemed to be relevant;

  .
considered the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
    selected recent business combinations of companies in the software
    industry which Thomas Weisel Partners deemed to be comparable in whole or
    in part, to the merger;

  .
reviewed and discussed with representatives of the management of
    Chordiant and Prime Response certain information of a business and
    financial nature regarding Chordiant and Prime Response, furnished to
    Thomas Weisel Partners by Chordiant and Prime Response, including
    financial forecasts and related assumptions of Chordiant and Prime
    Response;

  .
made inquiries regarding and discussed the merger and the merger
    agreement and other matters related thereto with counsel for Chordiant;
    and

  .
performed such other analyses and examinations as Thomas Weisel Partners
    deemed appropriate.

   
In preparing its opinion, Thomas Weisel Partners did not assume any
responsibility independently to verify the information referred to above.

Instead, with the consent of Chordiant, Thomas Weisel Partners relied on the
information being accurate and complete.
Thomas Weisel Partners also made the
following assumptions, in each case with the consent of Chordiant:

  .
with respect to the financial forecasts of Chordiant and Prime Response
    provided to Thomas Weisel Partners by Chordiant's management, upon their
    advice and with Chordiant's consent, Thomas Weisel Partners assumed for
    purposes of its opinion that such forecasts (a) had been reasonably
    prepared on bases reflecting the best available estimates and judgments
    of Chordiant's management at the time of preparation as to the future
    financial performance of Chordiant and Prime Response and (b) provided a
    reasonable basis upon which Thomas Weisel Partners could form its
    opinion;

  .
that there have been no material changes in the assets, financial
    condition, results of operations, business or prospects of Chordiant or
    Prime Response since the respective dates of the last financial
    statements made available to Thomas Weisel Partners;

  .
that the merger will be consummated in a manner that complies in all
    respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act of 1933,
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and all other applicable federal and
    state statutes, rules and regulations;

  .
that the merger would be treated as a tax-free reorganization, pursuant
    to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

  .
that the merger would be recorded as a purchase under U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles;

  .
that, in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals for
    the merger, no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements, will
    be imposed that could have a meaningful effect on the contemplated
    benefits of the merger; and

  .
that the merger will be consummated substantially in accordance with the
    terms described in the merger agreement, without any further amendments
    thereto, and without waiver by Chordiant or Prime Response of any of the
    conditions of their respective obligations thereunder.

   
In addition, for purposes of its opinion:

  .
Thomas Weisel Partners did not assume responsibility for making an
    independent evaluation, appraisal or physical inspection of any of the
    assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Chordiant or Prime
    Response, nor was Thomas Weisel Partners furnished with any such
    appraisals;

  .
Thomas Weisel Partners relied on advice of counsel and independent
    accountants to Chordiant as to all legal and financial reporting matters
    with respect to Prime Response, the merger, the merger agreement,
    including the legal status and financial reporting of litigation
    involving Prime Response; and

  .
Thomas Weisel Partners' opinion was based on economic, monetary, market
    and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
    to Thomas Weisel Partners as of, the date of its opinion.
Accordingly,
    although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, Thomas Weisel
    Partners has not assumed any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its
    opinion.

   
The following represents a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Thomas Weisel Partners in connection with providing its opinion to
the Chordiant board of directors.
Some of the summaries of financial analyses
performed by Thomas Weisel Partners include information presented in tabular
format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses performed by Thomas
Weisel Partners, you should read the tables together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.
Considering the data set forth in the tables without
considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including
the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses performed by Thomas
Weisel Partners.

   
Comparable Company Analysis.
Based on public and other available
information, Thomas Weisel Partners calculated the multiples of aggregate
value, which Thomas Weisel Partners defined as market capitalization plus debt
less cash and cash equivalents, to calendar year 2000 and 2001 estimated
revenues for ten companies in the software industry.
In each case, Thomas
Weisel Partners used estimates based on public filings, news articles,
published Wall Street research analysts' reports and forecasts and other third
party sources.
Thomas Weisel Partners believes that the selected ten companies
listed below have operations similar to some of the operations of Prime
Response, but noted that none of these companies have the same management,
composition, size or combination of businesses as Prime Response:

  .
Accrue Software, Inc.;

  .
Apropos Technology, Inc.;

  .
Ecometry Corporation;

  .
EGain Communications Corporation;

  .
Engage, Inc.;

  .
Epicor Software Corporation;

  .
Exchange Applications, Inc.;

  .
Interact Commerce Corporation;

  .
Pegasystems Inc.; and

  .
Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc.

   
The following tables set forth the multiples indicated by this analysis for
the selected ten software companies:

                                                          Range of
   Aggregate Value to:                                    Multiples  Mean Median
   -------------------                                   ----------- ----
------

   Estimated 2000 Revenues..............................
(0.2x)-2.2x 1.1x  1.1x
   Estimated 2001 Revenues.............................. (0.2x)-1.4x 0.7x  0.6x

   While the comparable company analysis compared Prime Response to ten
companies in the software industry, Thomas Weisel Partners did not include
every company that could be deemed to be a participant in this same industry,
or in any specific sectors of this industry.

   
Thomas Weisel Partners noted that the aggregate value of the consideration
to be received by stockholders of Prime Response in connection with the merger
implied a ratio of Prime Response's aggregate value to (1) calendar year 2000
estimated revenues of 0.2x and (2) calendar year 2001 estimated revenues of
0.1x.

   Comparable Transactions Analysis.
Based on public and other available
information, Thomas Weisel Partners calculated the multiples of aggregate value
to (1) last twelve months (LTM) revenues and (2) next twelve months (NTM)
revenues in the following six comparable acquisitions of software companies
that were announced from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2000:

   Announcement Date           Name of Acquiror                Name of Target
   -----------------           ----------------                
--------------

      6/20/00             Brokat Infosystems AG             Blaze Software, Inc.
      1/26/00             Broadvision, Inc.                 Interleaf, Inc.
     10/18/99             Nortel Networks Corporation       Clarify Inc.
     10/11/99             PeopleSoft, Inc.                  Vantive Corp.
      8/23/99             Sun Microsystems, Inc.            
Forte Software, Inc.
      4/5/99              Lucent Technologies Inc.          Mosaix, Inc.

   
The following table sets forth the multiples indicated by this analysis and
the multiples implied by the merger:

                                                   
Range of
   Aggregate Value to:                            Multiples  Mean  Median Merger
   -------------------                            ----------
----- ------ ------

   LTM Revenue...................................
1.1x-27.2x 10.2x  7.7x   0.2x
   NTM Revenue................................... 0.9x-16.5x  8.4x  6.3x   0.1x

   
In each case, Thomas Weisel Partners used estimates based on public filings,
news articles, published Wall Street research analysts' reports and forecasts
and other third party sources.
No transaction used in the comparable company or
comparable transactions analyses is identical to Chordiant or Prime Response or
the merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing is not
mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
companies and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the
companies to which Chordiant, Prime Response, and the merger are being
compared.

   
Premiums Paid Analysis.
Thomas Weisel Partners reviewed certain publicly
available statistics for thirty comparable transactions in the technology
sector that were announced from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2000.
The
following table present the indicated premiums paid above the average of the
exchange ratios based on daily closing share prices of Chordiant and Prime
Response one day before the announcement of the transaction, five trading days
before the announcement of the transaction and twenty trading days before the
announcement of the transaction.

                                                       
Range of
                                                     Percentages   Mean  Median
                                                    --------------
----- ------

Exchange Rate Premium One Day
Prior to
 Announcement.....................................  
(13.4%)-169.0% 40.4% 30.2%
Exchange Rate Premium Five Trading Days Prior to
 Announcement.....................................  (12.0%)-171.8% 40.8% 37.4%
Exchange Rate Premium Twenty Trading Days Prior to
 Announcement.....................................  
(29.6%)-183.3% 40.6% 36.5%

   Thomas Weisel Partners noted that the exchange ratio premium implied by the
merger for the period one day, five trading days, and twenty trading days prior
to the date of Thomas Weisel Partners' analyses was 100.0%, 66.1%, and 15.1%,
respectively.

   
Contribution Analysis.
Thomas Weisel Partners used the estimates and
financial forecasts prepared by (1) Chordiant's management, referred to as the
Revised Case, and (2) third party analysts, referred to as the Street Case,
with respect to Chordiant and Prime Response in order to perform a contribution
analysis.
On the basis of these estimates and financial forecasts, Thomas
Weisel Partners reviewed the contribution of each of Chordiant and Prime
Response to projected revenue for calendar years 2000 and 2001, for the
combined company.
Thomas Weisel Partners then compared these contributions to
the forecasted share ownership of the combined company to be held by the
stockholders of each of Chordiant and Prime Response, assuming consummation of
the merger as described in the merger agreement.

   
The following tables set forth the relative contributions indicated by this
analysis and the forecasted ownership of the combined company:

                       Revised Case                     Chordiant Prime Response
                       ------------                     ---------
--------------

    Calendar 2000 Projected............................   52.0%       48.0%
    Calendar 2001 Projected............................   59.0%       41.0%

                        Street Case                     Chordiant Prime Response
                        -----------                     ---------
--------------

    Calendar 2000 Projected............................   52.0%       48.0%
    Calendar 2001 Projected............................   53.0%       47.0%

                 Pro Forma Share Ownership              Chordiant Prime Response
                 -------------------------              ---------
--------------

                                                          77.0%       23.0%

   
The foregoing description is only a summary of the analyses and examinations
that Thomas Weisel Partners deems material to its opinion.
It is not a
comprehensive description of all analyses and examinations actually conducted
by Thomas Weisel Partners.
The preparation of a fairness opinion necessarily is
not susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Thomas Weisel
Partners believes that its analyses and the summary set forth above must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the
factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors, would create
an incomplete view of the process underlying the analyses set forth in its
presentation to you.
In addition, Thomas Weisel Partners may have given some
analyses more or less weight than other analyses, and may have deemed various
assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions.
The fact that any
specific analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not meant to
indicate that this analysis was given greater weight than any other analysis.

Accordingly, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis
described above should not be taken to be the view of Thomas Weisel Partners
with respect to the actual value of Prime Response.

   
In performing its analyses, Thomas Weisel Partners made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions
and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Chordiant and Prime
Response.
The analyses performed by Thomas Weisel Partners are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these analyses.

These analyses were prepared solely as part of the analysis performed by Thomas
Weisel Partners with respect to the financial fairness of the exchange ratio in
the merger, and were provided to Chordiant in connection with the delivery of
the Thomas Weisel Partners' opinion.
The analyses do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might actually be sold
or the prices at which any securities may trade at any time in the future.

   
As described above, Thomas Weisel Partners' opinion and presentation were
among the many factors that the Chordiant board of directors took into
consideration in making its determination to approve, and to recommend that the
stockholders of Chordiant approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common
stock in the merger.

   
Pursuant to an engagement letter dated October 24, 2000, Thomas Weisel
Partners provided financial advisory services and a financial opinion in
connection with the merger, and Chordiant agreed to pay Thomas Weisel Partners
a customary fee in connection therewith.
The Chordiant board of directors was
aware of this fee structure and took it into account in considering Thomas
Weisel Partners' opinion and in approving the issuance of shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger.
Further, Chordiant has agreed to reimburse Thomas
Weisel Partners for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify
Thomas Weisel Partners, its affiliates, and its respective partners, directors,
officers, agents, consultants, employees and controlling persons against
specific liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

   
In the ordinary course of its business, Thomas Weisel Partners may actively
trade the equity securities of Chordiant and Prime Response for its own account
and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long
or short position in these securities.
In addition, Thomas Weisel Partners has
acted as an underwriter in connection with the offerings of securities of
Chordiant and performed various investment banking services for Chordiant.


Opinion of Prime Response's Financial Advisor

   Prime Response engaged Robertson Stephens to provide financial advisory and
investment banking services to Prime Response in connection with the proposed
merger, and to render an opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio of
0.60 in the proposed merger, from a financial point of view, to the "holders of
Prime Response common stock."
(See Annex D for a copy of the full opinion.)
The
"holders of Prime Response common stock" was defined in Robertson Stephens'
written opinion letter to the board of directors of Prime Response, dated
January 5, 2001, as all holders of Prime Response common stock other than
Chordiant, Puccini Acquisition Corp. or any affiliates of Chordiant or Puccini
Acquisition Corp.

   On January 5, 2001, at a meeting of Prime Response's board held to evaluate
the proposed merger, Robertson Stephens delivered its written opinion to Prime
Response's board that, as of January 5, 2001 and based on the assumptions made,
matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken described in
the opinion, the exchange ratio in the proposed merger was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of Prime Response common stock.
The
exchange ratio was determined through negotiations between the respective
managements of Prime Response and Chordiant.
Although Robertson Stephens did
assist the management of Prime Response in those negotiations, it was not asked
by, and did not recommend to, Prime Response that any specific exchange ratio
constituted the appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

   
You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the opinion
of Prime Response's financial advisor in this document:

  .
We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens,
    which is set forth in Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    and is incorporated herein by reference.
The following description of the
    Robertson Stephens opinion is qualified by reference to the full opinion
    located in Annex D.
The full opinion sets forth, among other things, the
    assumptions made by Robertson Stephens, the matters it considered and the
    limitations on the review undertaken.

  .
The Robertson Stephens opinion was prepared for the information of Prime
    Response's board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the
    merger and does not constitute a recommendation to the stockholders of
    Prime Response or Chordiant as to how they should vote, or take any other
    action, with respect to the merger.

  .
The Robertson Stephens opinion did not address the relative merits of the
    merger and the other business strategies that Prime Response's board of
    directors has considered, nor does it address the decision of Prime
    Response's board of directors to proceed with the merger.

  .
The Robertson Stephens opinion was necessarily based upon market,
    economic and other conditions that were in effect on, and information
    made available to Robertson Stephens as of, the date of the opinion.
You
    should understand that subsequent developments may affect the conclusion
    expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion, and that Robertson Stephens
    disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any
    change in any matter affecting its opinion which may come or be brought
    to Robertson Stephens' attention after the date of its opinion.

  .
The Robertson Stephens opinion was limited to the fairness, from a
    financial point of view and as of the date thereof, of the exchange ratio
    in the merger to the holders of Prime Response common stock.

 
Opinion and Analysis of Robertson Stephens

   In connection with the preparation of the Robertson Stephens opinion,
Robertson Stephens:

  . reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
    business and financial information of Prime Response and Chordiant,
    respectively;

  .
reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
    operating data, including certain financial forecasts and other forward-
    looking information, concerning Prime Response prepared by the management
    of Prime Response;

  .
reviewed certain publicly available estimates of research analysts
    relating to Prime Response and Chordiant;

  .
held discussions with the respective managements of Prime Response and
    Chordiant concerning the businesses, past and current operations,
    financial condition and future prospects of both Prime Response and
    Chordiant, independently and combined, including discussions with the
    managements of Prime Response and Chordiant concerning their views
    regarding the strategic rationale for the merger;

  .
reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in drafts, dated
    January 5, 2001, of the merger agreement and the voting agreement;

  .
reviewed the stock price and trading history of Prime Response common
    stock and Chordiant common stock;

  .
compared the financial performance of Prime Response and Chordiant and
    the prices and trading activity of Prime Response common stock and
    Chordiant common stock with that of certain other publicly traded
    companies comparable with Prime Response and Chordiant, respectively;

  .
compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
    the extent publicly available, of other transactions that Robertson
    Stephens deemed relevant;

  .
reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger;

  .
prepared an analysis of the relative contributions of Prime Response and
    Chordiant to the combined company;

  .
participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
    Prime Response and Chordiant and their financial and legal advisors; and

  .
made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other data, as
    Robertson Stephens deemed relevant.

   
In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it (including information furnished
to it orally or otherwise discussed with it by the managements of Prime
Response and Chordiant) or publicly available and neither attempted to verify,
nor assumed responsibility for verifying, any of such information.
Robertson
Stephens relied upon the assurances of the managements of Prime Response and
Chordiant that they were not aware of any facts that would make such
information inaccurate or misleading.
Furthermore, Robertson Stephens did not
obtain or make, or assume any responsibility for obtaining or making, any
independent evaluation or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of Prime Response or Chordiant, nor was it furnished
with any such evaluation or appraisal.

   
In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that:

  .
the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the drafts,
    dated January 5, 2001, of the merger agreement and the voting agreement
    without material alteration thereof, including, among other things, that
    the merger will be accounted for as a "purchase method" business
    combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
    principles;

  .
the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the
    Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

  .
the historical financial statements of each of Prime Response and
    Chordiant reviewed by Robertson Stephens were prepared and fairly
    presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
    principles consistently applied.

   
Robertson Stephens relied as to all legal matters relevant to rendering its
opinion on the advice of counsel to Prime Response.

   
Robertson Stephens expressed no opinion as to:

  .
the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in
    connection with the merger;

  .
any tax or other consequences that may result from the merger; or

  .
what the value of the Chordiant common stock will be when issued to Prime
    Response's stockholders pursuant to the merger or the price at which the
    shares of Chordiant's common stock that are issued pursuant to the merger
    may be traded in the future.

   
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion.
The summary of the
financial analyses is not a complete description of all of the analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens.
Certain of the information in this section is
presented in tabular form.
In order to better understand the financial analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens, these tables must be read together with the
text accompanying each table.
The opinion is based upon the totality of the
various analyses performed by Robertson Stephens and no particular portion of
the analyses has any merit standing alone.

 
Comparable Companies Analysis

   Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed, among
other things, the total enterprise values and trading multiples of the
following selected publicly traded companies in the eCustomer relationship
management industry which Robertson Stephens believed to be reasonably
comparable to Prime Response:

  .
Accrue Software, Inc.

  .
Allaire Corporation

  .
Ask Jeeves, Inc.

  .
Calico Commerce, Inc.

  .
Chordiant Software, Inc.

  .
ClickAction, Inc.

  .
Digital Impact, Inc.

  .
eGain Communications

  .
Eprise Corporation

  .
Exchange Applications, Inc.

  .
Firepond, Inc.

  .
InterWorld Corporation

  .
net.
Genesis Corp.

  .
Net Perceptions, Inc.

  .
Open Market, Inc.

  .
Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc.

  .
Silverstream Software, Inc.

   Total enterprise value (TEV) means the value of the company's fully-diluted
common equity plus debt outstanding and the liquidation value of outstanding
preferred stock, if any, less balance sheet cash.
The following table sets
forth the range of multiples for the selected publicly traded companies of
total enterprise value to estimated revenues for calendar years 2000 and 2001
and of fully-diluted common equity value to estimated revenues for calendar
years 2000 and 2001, based upon the closing stock prices as of January 4, 2001,
and corresponding multiples for Prime Response in the merger based upon a 0.60
exchange ratio and the closing stock price of Chordiant common stock as of
January 4, 2001:

                            TEV/          TEV/      Equity Value/ Equity Value/
   Multiples            2000 Revenues 2001 Revenues 2000 Revenues 2001 Revenues
   ---------            -------------
------------- ------------- -------------

   High................     
2.82x         1.72x         4.77x         3.20x
   Median..............     
0.73x         0.44x         1.59x         1.07x
   Mean................     0.85x         0.53x         2.26x         1.34x
   Low.................    
-0.62x        -0.31x         0.23x         0.14x
   Value in the
    merger.............     
0.35x         0.23x         1.40x         0.91x

   Revenue data for the selected publicly traded companies and for Prime
Response were obtained from research analysts estimates.

 
Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis

   Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed the
aggregate value and the adjusted aggregate value multiples of the following
selected acquisition transactions in the eBusiness software industry (listing
the targets followed by the acquiror and with the date these transactions were
publicly announced in parenthesis) which Robertson Stephens believed to be
reasonably comparable to the proposed merger:

  .
Servicesoft, Inc./Broadbase Software, Inc. (September 18, 2000)

  .
Janna Systems, Inc./Siebel Systems, Inc. (September 11, 2000)

  .
OnLink Technologies, Inc./Siebel Systems, Inc. (August 7, 2000)

  .
Panop.com, Inc./Broadbase Software, Inc. (July 7, 2000)

  .
Blaze Software, Inc./Brokat Infosystems AG (June 20, 2000)

  .
CustomerAnalytics/Exchange Applications, Inc. (June 8, 2000)

  .
Opensite, Inc./Siebel Systems, Inc. (April 18, 2000)

  .
Knowledge Stream Partners/Exchange Applications, Inc. (April 3, 2000)

  .
Octane Software, Inc./E.piphany, Inc. (March 15, 2000)

  .
Mustang.com, Inc./Quintus Corporation (February 28, 2000)

  .
Silknet Software, Inc./Kana Communications, Inc. (February 7, 2000)

  .
Interleaf, Inc./BroadVision, Inc. (January 26, 2000)

  .
Oberon Software, Inc./OnDisplay, Inc. (January 18, 2000)

  .
KD1, Inc./Net Perceptions, Inc. (January 17, 2000)

  .
2order.com, Inc./Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc. (January 10, 2000)

  .
DataSage, Inc./Vignette Corporation (January 10, 2000)

  .
Imparto Software, Inc./Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc. (December 13,
    1999)

  .
Rubric, Inc./Broadbase Software, Inc. (December 9, 1999)

  .
ConnectInc.com/Calico
Commerce, Inc. (November 19, 1999)

  .
Neovista Software, Inc./Accrue Software, Inc. (November 17, 1999)

  .
RightPoint Corporation/E.piphany, Inc. (November 16, 1999)

   
In analyzing these "precedent transactions," Robertson Stephens compared,
among other things, the adjusted aggregate value in such transactions as a
multiple of the latest twelve months' ("LTM") revenues, as of the time of the
transaction, and the next twelve months' ("NTM") estimated revenues.
Adjusted
aggregate value means the aggregate value of the selected precedent transaction
as adjusted to reflect the subsequent stock performance of the acquiror and is
based on the exchange ratio of the transaction and the January 4, 2001 acquiror
stock price.
All multiples for the precedent transactions were derived from
publicly available information.
Based on this information and other publicly
available information, the following table illustrates the adjusted aggregate
value ratios from these transactions and the corresponding ratio for the
proposed merger:

                             Adjusted Aggregate Value/ Adjusted Aggregate Value/
   Multiples                       LTM Revenues              NTM Revenues
   ---------                 
-------------------------
-------------------------

   High.....................          
38.66x                    25.27x
   Median...................           
5.57x                     3.78x
   Mean.....................          
10.70x                     8.08x
   Low......................          -0.42x                     0.74x
   Value in the merger......           
0.34x                     0.27x

 Exchange Ratio Premiums Analysis

   Robertson Stephens reviewed and analyzed the exchange ratio premiums paid in
the precedent transactions listed above using a range of one day, one week and
one month prior to the announcement of each transaction.
The exchange ratio
premium is the premium over the target company's stock price that the
transaction consideration represents (calculated by multiplying the exchange
ratio in the transaction by the acquiror's stock price at the indicated time).

The one week and one month exchange ratio premiums were based on average
exchange ratios for such periods prior to the announcement of the transaction.

The following table sets forth the range of exchange ratio premiums for those
transactions and the corresponding exchange ratio premium in the proposed
merger:

                                                          1 Day  1 Week  1 Month
                                                         Premium Premium Premium
                                                         -------
------- -------

   High.................................................  55.1%   46.6%   78.9%
   Median...............................................  33.2%   33.0%   47.6%
   Mean.................................................  37.3%   34.0%   50.0%
   Low..................................................  27.7%   23.7%   25.8%
   Exchange ratio premium in the merger.................
101.8%   65.0%   24.1%

 Price Premiums Analysis

   Robertson Stephens reviewed and analyzed the purchase price premiums paid on
all domestic high-tech transactions during the year 2000 with equity
transaction values between $25 million and $200 million for one day, one week
and one month prior to the announcement of the transaction.
The following table
sets forth the range of purchase price premiums and the corresponding purchase
price premium in the proposed merger:

                                                          1 Day  1 Week  1 Month
                                                         Premium Premium Premium
                                                         -------
------- -------

   High.................................................  93.9%  106.5%  200.0%
   Median...............................................  30.2%   28.6%   48.7%
   Mean.................................................  33.1%   36.2%   53.6%
   Low..................................................
-16.4%  
-23.5%  
-50.3
%
   Price premium in the merger..........................
101.8%  108.1%   14.8%

 Other Factors

   No company, business or transaction compared in any of the above analyses is
identical to Prime Response, Chordiant or the proposed merger.
Accordingly, an
analysis of the results of the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
public trading, acquisition and other values of the comparable companies,
precedent transactions or the business segment, company or transaction to which
they are being compared.
In addition, various analyses performed by Robertson
Stephens incorporate projections prepared by research analysts using only
publicly available information.
These estimates may or may not prove to be
accurate.

   
While this summary describes the analysis and factors that Robertson
Stephens deemed material in its presentation to the Prime Response board, it is
not a comprehensive description of all analysis and factors considered by
Robertson Stephens.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process
that involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the
particular circumstances.
Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its
opinion, Robertson Stephens did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as
to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly,
Robertson Stephens believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion.
Several
analytical methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should be
regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens.

Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature
of the available information may further affect the value of particular
techniques.
The conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens is based on all
analyses and factors taken as a whole and also on application of Robertson
Stephens' own experience and judgment.
This conclusion may involve significant
elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis.
Robertson Stephens
expresses no opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or more
parts of the analysis it performed.
In performing its analyses, Robertson
Stephens made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and other conditions and matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Prime Response, Chordiant or Robertson Stephens.
Any estimates
contained in these analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these analyses.
Accordingly, analyses
relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which these businesses actually may be sold in the
future, and these estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty.

   
The engagement letter dated October 4, 1999 between Robertson Stephens and
Prime Response provides that, for its services, Robertson Stephens is entitled
to receive usual and customary fees in connection with the transaction and the
delivery of the opinion, and with respect to the opinion fee, such fee is
payable without regard to the conclusion reached in the opinion.
The payment of
Robertson Stephens' fees, other than the fee payable on the delivery of the
opinion, is contingent upon the consummation of the merger.
Prime Response has
also agreed to reimburse Robertson Stephens for its reasonable and customary
out-of-pocket expenses related to this work, including legal fees, and to
indemnify and hold harmless Robertson Stephens and its affiliates and any other
person, director, employee or agent of Robertson Stephens or any of its
affiliates, or any person controlling Robertson Stephens or its affiliates, for
certain losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities relating to or
arising out of services provided by Robertson Stephens as financial advisor to
Prime Response.
The terms of the fee arrangement with Robertson Stephens, which
Prime Response and Robertson Stephens believe are customary in transactions of
this nature, were negotiated at arm's length between Prime Response and
Robertson Stephens, and the Prime Response board was aware of these fee
arrangements.

   
In the past, Robertson Stephens has provided certain investment banking
services to Prime Response, including acting as lead manager for Prime
Response's filing of an initial public offering, for which it has been paid
customary fees.
Robertson Stephens maintains a market in the shares of Prime
Response and Chordiant.
In

the ordinary course of its business, Robertson Stephens may actively trade
securities of Prime Response or Chordiant for its own account and for the
account of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in the securities of Prime Response or Chordiant.

   
Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
and was retained based on its experience as a financial advisor in connection
with mergers and acquisitions and in securities valuations generally.
As part
of its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is frequently engaged in
the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and other purposes.


Interests of Chordiant's Officers and Directors in the Merger

   
In considering the recommendation of the Chordiant board of directors with
respect to approving the issuance of Chordiant common stock in the merger,
Chordiant stockholders should be aware that certain members of the board of
directors and management of Chordiant have interests in the merger that are in
addition to the interests of stockholders of Chordiant in general.
The
Chordiant board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them,
among other matters, in approving the issuance of Chordiant common stock in the
merger.

   
Combined Company Board of Directors.
The merger agreement provides that
after the effective time of the merger, the board of directors of the combined
company shall consist of ten directors, nine of whom shall be designated by
Chordiant and one of whom shall be designated by Prime Response.

   
Combined Company Executive Officers.
Mr. Spadafora will continue to serve as
chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of Chordiant
after the effective time of the merger.


Interests of Prime Response's Officers and Directors in the Merger

   Combined Company Board of Directors.
The merger agreement provides that
after the effective time of the merger, the board of directors of the combined
company shall consist of ten directors, nine of whom shall be designed by
Chordiant and one of whom shall be designated by Prime Response.
The director
designated by Prime Response will be William E. Ford, who is currently a
director of Prime Response.

   
Prime Response Stock Options being assumed by Chordiant.
As of December 31,
2000, Prime Response's executive officers, directors and their affiliates, held
options to purchase a total of 436,622 shares of Prime Response common stock,
at exercise prices ranging from $3.4133 to $29.06 per share, of which 179,810
shares were vested.

  
Separation Agreements; Employment Agreements.

   
Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Peter Boni dated
February 13, 2001 entered into in connection with his resignation as President,
Chief Executive Officer and a director of Prime Response as of January 31,
2001, Mr. Boni is entitled to receive (i) the continuation of his base salary
at the current annualized rate of $300,000 for a period of twelve months, (ii)
a bonus of $145,000 to be paid in 12 equal monthly installments, (iii) the
continuation of his benefit package for a period of twelve months and (iv) a
one time severance payment of $10,000.
In addition, as of the date of this
agreement, all of Prime Response's repurchase rights on the 636,225 shares of
Prime Response common stock held by Mr. Boni have terminated.
In addition,
Prime Response acknowledged and agreed that the promissory note dated June 1,
1999, evidencing a loan by Prime Response to Peter Boni in the amount of
$2,544,900, is not due and payable until January 31, 2009, and that the holder
of the promissory note will not seek payment of the note prior to that date.

   
Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Frederick
Phillips dated January 31, 2001 entered into in connection with his resignation
as Chief Financial Officer of Prime Response as of January 31, 2001, Mr.
Phillips is entitled to receive (i) the continuation of his base salary at the
current annualized rate of $180,000 for a period of twelve months, (ii) a bonus
of $63,000 to be paid in 12 equal monthly installments,

(iii) the continuation of his benefit package for a period of twelve months and
(iv) a one time severance payment of $10,000.
In addition, all the 93,750
options to purchase shares of Prime Response common stock held by Mr. Phillips
became immediately exercisable in full as of the date of this agreement.
All
options must be exercised by Mr. Phillips by January 31, 2002.

   
Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and James Carling
dated January 31, 2001, entered into in connection with his resignation as
Chief Technology Officer of Prime Response as of January 18, 2001, Mr. Carling
is entitled to receive the payment of two months of his base salary at the
current annualized rate of $250,000.

   
Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Paul Lavallee
dated October 22, 1999, in the event that Mr. Lavallee's employment is
terminated without cause, or if Mr. Lavallee is asked to take a position of
lesser responsibility or is not granted a promotion in the event that a higher
position is created or vacated, he is entitled to receive twelve months of base
salary and bonus, vesting in an additional year of stock options to be
exercised within one year of termination as well as his benefit package.
In
addition, if Mr. Lavallee's employment is terminated, or if he is asked to
assume a position of lesser responsibility upon a change of control, all
options to purchase shares of Prime Response common stock held by Mr. Lavallee
shall become fully vested and he will receive paid health and life insurance
for one year.
Mr. Lavallee resigned as Prime Response's President, the Americas
on January 12, 2001.

   
Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Allen Swann, Mr.
Swann's employment may be terminated by either party upon six months' notice.

Prime Response may elect to pay Mr. Swann six months salary instead of giving
the required notice under the agreement or may place Mr. Swann on "gardening
leave," during which time Mr. Swann would cease to perform his job
responsibilities, but would be prohibited from undertaking other employment.
In
addition, pursuant to a letter dated June 16, 2000, all unvested options
currently held by Mr. Swann will vest in full on June 30, 2001.
Under the terms
of a letter agreement between Chordiant and Allen Swann, Prime Response's
current Chief Executive Officer and President, dated January 18, 2001,
conditional upon the merger being completed, Mr. Swann will be employed by
Chordiant as Executive Operations Officer of Worldwide Field Operations.
Under
the terms of this agreement, Mr. Swann's annual base salary will be $275,000,
he will be eligible to earn up to an additional $725,000 in discretionary
incentive compensation, to be paid quarterly, and he will be eligible to
receive a $300,000 retention bonus after he has completed 3 months of
employment with Chordiant after the merger is completed.
Pursuant to the terms
of the agreement and subject to the approval of the Chordiant board of
directors, Mr. Swann will also be eligible to receive options to acquire
approximately 196,000 shares of Chordiant common stock.

   
Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Gary Daniels
dated November 30, 1998, Mr. Daniels' employment may be terminated by either
party upon six months notice.
Prime Response may elect to pay Mr. Daniels six
months salary instead of giving the required notice under the agreement or may
place Mr. Daniels on "gardening leave," during which time Mr. Daniels would
cease to perform his job responsibilities, but would nevertheless be prohibited
from undertaking other employment.
Under the terms of a letter agreement
between Chordiant and Gary Daniels, Prime Response's current Vice President,
Product Development, executed on January 24, 2001, conditional upon the merger
being completed, Mr. Daniels will be employed by Chordiant as Vice President of
Engineering.
Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Daniels' annual base salary
will be $210,000 and he will be eligible to earn up to 50% of his base salary
in incentive compensation.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement and subject
to the approval of the Chordiant board of directors, Mr. Daniels will also be
eligible to receive options to acquire approximately 213,000 shares of
Chordiant common stock.

   
Under the terms of agreements between Prime Response and James Plantan dated
August 11, 1999 and July 28, 1999, if Mr. Plantan's employment is terminated
without cause he is entitled to receive severance pay and medical benefits for
a period of six months and 100% of all outstanding options to purchase shares
of Prime Response common stock held by Mr. Plantan will become immediately
exercisable.
Mr. Plantan does not intend to work for either Prime Response or
Chordiant after the merger is completed.

   
Under the terms of an agreement dated February 29, 2000 between Steven Gal
and Prime Response, if Mr. Gal is terminated without cause upon a change in
control of Prime Response, Mr. Gal will be offered a severance program that
continues for one year which includes (i) his cash compensation of base salary
and incentive potential compensation, (ii) paid health and life insurance and
(iii) 100% vesting of all outstanding options to purchase shares of Prime
Response common stock held by Mr. Gal.
If Mr. Gal is terminated without cause
(unrelated to a change of control), if his position is eliminated, or if he is
offered a position of lesser responsibility, Mr. Gal will be entitled to
receive his base salary and incentive potential compensation, paid life and
health insurance for one year, and an additional year of vesting of his
outstanding stock options provided that he exercises such options within one
year of termination.
Mr. Gal is not required to mitigate his damages or offset
any payments by a new employer.
Mr. Gal resigned as Vice President of Marketing
for Prime Response on February 20, 2001.

   
Indemnification and Insurance.
Chordiant has agreed in the merger agreement
that all rights to indemnification existing in favor of those persons who are
directors and officers of Prime Response as of the date of merger for their
acts and omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger, as
provided in Prime Response's bylaws, as in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement shall survive the merger and shall be observed by Prime Response to
the fullest extent available under Delaware law for a period of six years from
the date of completion of the merger.
Chordiant also has agreed to maintain
directors' and officers' liability insurance for Prime Response's directors and
officers equivalent to Prime Response's current insurance for not less than
three years after the effective time of the merger.

   
As a result of the foregoing, the directors and executive officers of Prime
Response may be more likely to vote for the adoption of the merger agreement
than Prime Response stockholders generally.


Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

   In the opinion of Cooley Godward LLP and Hale and Dorr LLP, the following
discussion summarizes the material United States federal income tax
considerations of the merger that are expected to apply generally to Prime
Response stockholders upon an exchange of their Prime Response common stock for
Chordiant common stock in the merger.
This summary is based upon current
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, existing regulations under the
Internal Revenue Code and current administrative rulings and court decisions,
all of which are subject to change.
Any change, which may or may not be
retroactive, could alter the tax consequences to the stockholders of Prime
Response as described in this summary.
No attempt has been made to comment on
all federal income tax consequences of the merger that may be relevant to
particular Prime Response stockholders, who may be subject to special rules,
such as:

  .
a broker or dealer in securities or currencies;

  .
a trader in securities that elects to use a mark-to-market method of
    accounting for securities holdings;

  .
a bank, thrift, regulated investment company or other financial
    institution or finance service company;

  .
an insurance company;

  .
a tax-exempt organization;

  .
a person who holds shares of Prime Response common stock or will hold
    Chordiant common stock as part of a straddle or a hedging, integrated,
    constructive sale or conversion transaction or other risk reduction
    strategy for tax purposes;

  .
a person whose functional currency for tax purposes is not the U.S.
    dollar;

  .
a person liable for alternative minimum tax;

  .
a person who acquired shares of Prime Response common stock or Chordiant
    common stock through stock option or stock purchase programs or in other
    compensatory transactions;

  .
a foreign person; or

  .
a person who is a United States expatriate.

   
In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the merger under state, local and foreign tax laws.
Furthermore, the
following discussion does not address:

  .
the tax consequences of transactions effectuated before, after or at the
    same time as the merger, whether or not they are in connection with the
    merger, including, without limitation, transactions in which Prime
    Response shares are acquired or Chordiant shares are disposed of;

  .
the tax consequences to holders of options or warrants issued by Prime
    Response that are assumed, exercised or converted, as the case may be, in
    connection with the merger; or

  .
the tax consequences of the receipt of Chordiant shares other than in
    exchange for Prime Response shares.

   
Accordingly, holders of Prime Response common stock are advised and expected
to consult their own tax advisors regarding the federal income tax consequences
of the merger in light of their personal circumstances and the consequences
under state, local and foreign tax laws.

   
Cooley Godward LLP and Hale and Dorr LLP, as a condition to the closing,
must render tax opinions that the merger will constitute a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (a
"Reorganization").
These tax opinions discussed in this section assume and will
be conditioned upon the following:

  .
the truth and accuracy of the statements, covenants, representations and
    warranties contained in the merger agreement, in the tax representations
    received from Chordiant, Puccini Acquisition Corp. and Prime Response to
    support the tax opinions and in all other instruments and documents
    related to the formation, organization and operation of Chordiant,
    Puccini Acquisition Corp. and Prime Response examined by and relied upon
    by Cooley Godward LLP and Hale and Dorr LLP in connection with the
    merger;

  .
that original documents submitted to such counsel are authentic, that
    documents submitted to such counsel as copies conform to the original
    documents and that all of these documents have been, or will be by the
    effective time of the merger, duly and validly executed and delivered
    where due execution and delivery are a prerequisite to the effectiveness
    of these documents;

  .
that all covenants contained in the merger agreement and the tax
    representations described above are performed without waiver or breach of
    any material provision of these covenants; and

  .
that any representation or statement made "to the best of knowledge" or
    similarly qualified is correct without that qualification.

   
No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service has been or will be requested in
connection with the merger.
In addition, stockholders of Prime Response should
be aware that the tax opinions discussed in this section are not binding on the
IRS; the IRS could adopt a contrary position and a contrary position could be
sustained by a court.

   
Assuming the merger constitutes a Reorganization for federal income tax
purposes, the following federal income tax consequences will result to Prime
Response stockholders:

  .
stockholders of Prime Response will not recognize any gain or loss upon
    the receipt of solely Chordiant common stock for their Prime Response
    common stock;

  .
the aggregate basis of the shares of Chordiant common stock received by a
    Prime Response stockholder in the merger, including any fractional share
    deemed received, will be the same as the aggregate basis of the shares of
    Prime Response common stock exchanged therefor;

  .
the holding period of the shares of Chordiant common stock received by a
    Prime Response stockholder in the merger will include the holding period
    of the shares of Prime Response common stock exchanged therefor, provided
    that such shares of Prime Response common stock are held as capital
    assets at the effective time of the merger; and

  .
a stockholder of Prime Response who receives cash in lieu of a fractional
    share will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference, if any,
    between such stockholder's basis in the fractional share and the amount
    of cash received.
Such gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss if the
    Prime Response common stock to which the fractional share interest is
    allocable is held by such stockholder as a capital asset at the effective
    time of the merger.

   
In addition to the foregoing, there are other tax-related issues that you
should be aware of, such as:

  .
Reporting Requirements.
Each Prime Response stockholder that receives
    Chordiant common stock in the merger will be required to file a statement
    with his, her or its federal income tax return setting forth the
    stockholder's basis in the Prime Response stock exchanged and the fair
    market value of the Chordiant stock and any cash received in the merger,
    and to retain permanent records of these facts relating to the merger.

  .
Backup Withholding.
Unless an exemption applies under applicable law and
    regulations, the exchange agent for Chordiant common stock is required to
    withhold, and will withhold, 31% of any cash payments to a Prime Response
    stockholder in the merger unless the stockholder provides the appropriate
    form as described below.
Each Prime Response stockholder should complete
    and sign the substitute Form W-9 included as part of the letter of
    transmittal to be sent to each Prime Response stockholder, so as to
    provide the information, including such stockholder's taxpayer
    identification number, and certification necessary to avoid backup
    withholding, unless an applicable exemption exists and is proved in a
    manner satisfactory to Chordiant and the exchange agent.

  .
Consequences of IRS Challenge.
A successful IRS challenge to the status
    of the merger as a Reorganization would result in significant tax
    consequences.
Prime Response stockholders would recognize gain or loss
    with respect to each share of Prime Response common stock exchanged in
    the merger.
Such gain or loss would be equal to the difference between
    the stockholder's basis in such share and the sum of the fair market
    value, as of the effective time of the merger, of the Chordiant common
    stock received in the merger and any cash received instead of a
    fractional share of Chordiant common stock.
In such event, a
    stockholder's aggregate basis in the Chordiant common stock so received
    would equal its fair market value as of the effective time of the merger
    and the stockholder's holding period for such stock would begin the day
    after the merger is consummated.

  .
Other Consideration.
Even if the merger qualifies as a Reorganization, a
    recipient of Chordiant common stock would recognize income if, for
    example, any such shares were determined to have been received in
    exchange for services, to satisfy obligations or in consideration for
    anything other than the Prime Response common stock exchanged.
Generally,
    such income would be taxable as ordinary income upon receipt.
In
    addition, to the extent that Prime Response stockholders were treated as
    receiving, directly or indirectly, consideration other than Chordiant
    common stock in exchange for such stockholder's Prime Response common
    stock, gain or loss would have to be recognized.

   
The summary of material United States federal income tax consequences set
forth above is intended to provide only a general summary and is not intended
to be a complete analysis or description of all potential federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
In addition, the summary does not address tax
consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual
circumstances.
Moreover, the summary does not address any non-income tax or any
foreign, state or local tax consequences of the merger.
The summary does not
address the tax consequences of any transaction other than the merger.

Accordingly, each Prime Response stockholder is strongly urged to consult with
a tax advisor to determine the particular federal, state, local or foreign
income or other tax consequences of the merger to such stockholder.


Anticipated Accounting Treatment

   The merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase under U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.


Governmental Approvals

   Transactions such as the merger are subject to review by the Department of
Justice and the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") to determine whether they
comply with applicable antitrust laws.
Under the provisions of the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 ("HSR Act") and the rules promulgated
thereunder, no premerger notification reports must be filed by Chordiant or
Prime Response with the Department of Justice or the FTC in connection with the
merger.


Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

   The shares of Chordiant common stock to be received by Prime Response
stockholders in the merger will have been registered under the Securities Act
and, except as described in this paragraph, may be freely traded without
restriction.
The shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued in the merger
and received by persons who may be considered to be "affiliates," as that term
is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, of Prime Response before the
merger may be resold by them only in transactions permitted by the resale
provisions of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under
the Securities Act.
The merger agreement provides that Prime Response will use
all reasonable efforts to obtain a signed affiliate agreement in favor of and
for the benefit of Chordiant from all persons who may be considered affiliates
of Prime Response.
Each affiliate agreement signed by an affiliate of Prime
Response provides that the affiliate agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any shares of Prime Response common stock owned by him, her or it or
any Chordiant common stock received by him, her or it in exchange for shares of
Prime Response common stock in connection with the merger or any additional
shares of capital stock of Prime Response, Chordiant or any subsidiary or
affiliate of Chordiant acquired by such affiliate, whether upon exercise of a
stock option, warrant or conversion of debt securities or otherwise, for a
period of time beginning on the effective date of the affiliate agreement until
such time following the merger as Chordiant publishes financial statements that
include at least thirty days of combined financial results of Chordiant and
Prime Response.
The affiliate agreements also provide that these persons will
not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of Chordiant common stock
at any time in violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Securities Act, including Rule 145.

                     
CERTAIN TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The following description of the merger agreement describes certain material
terms of the merger agreement.
The full text of the merger agreement is
attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is
incorporated herein by reference.
You are encouraged to read the entire merger
agreement carefully.


The Merger

   The merger agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger,
Puccini Acquisition Corp. will be merged with and into Prime Response.
Upon
completion of the merger, Prime Response will continue as the surviving
corporation and will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chordiant and the
directors and officers of Puccini Acquisition Corp. immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger shall become the directors and officers of Prime
Response upon completion of the merger.


Effective Time of the Merger

   The merger will become effective when a certificate of merger executed by
Prime Response is delivered and filed with the Delaware Secretary of State.

Provided that all the conditions to the merger contained in the merger
agreement are satisfied or waived, it is anticipated that the effective time
will occur as soon as practicable following the special meetings.


Manner and Basis of Converting Shares

   The merger agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger, each
outstanding share of Prime Response common stock will automatically be
converted into the right to receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock.

No fractional shares of Chordiant common stock will be issued in the merger.

Instead, each Prime Response stockholder otherwise entitled to a fractional
share will receive a cash amount (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without
interest, based on the closing price of Chordiant common stock on the Nasdaq
National Market on the date the merger becomes effective.

   
Following the effective time of the merger, EquiServe LP, who has been
selected by Chordiant to act as exchange agent, will mail to each record holder
of Prime Response common stock a letter indicating that the merger has been
completed.
Record holders of Prime Response common stock will also be mailed a
transmittal letter, which record holders will use to exchange Prime Response
common stock certificates for Chordiant common stock certificates and cash for
any fractional share.
Holders of Prime Response common stock may contact the
exchange agent by writing to EquiServe LP at 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA
02021.
Additionally, holders of Prime Response common stock certificates may,
at their option, physically surrender in person at the offices of the exchange
agent their certificates for certificates evidencing Chordiant common stock and
cash for any fractional share.
Prime Response common stock certificates should
not be surrendered for exchange by Prime Response stockholders before the
effective time of the merger.
After the effective time of the merger, transfers
of Prime Response common stock will not be registered on the stock transfer
books of Prime Response.

   
Until it is surrendered and exchanged, each certificate that previously
evidenced Prime Response common stock will be deemed to evidence the right to
receive shares of Chordiant common stock and the right to receive cash instead
of any fractional share.
Chordiant will not pay dividends or other
distributions on any shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued in exchange
for any Prime Response common stock certificate that is not surrendered until
the Prime Response common stock certificate is surrendered as provided in the
merger agreement.


Prime Response Stock Options and Warrants

   At the effective time of the merger, Chordiant will assume all outstanding
Prime Response stock options and warrants.
Each outstanding stock option or
warrant assumed by Chordiant will become an option or warrant to purchase a
number of shares of Chordiant common stock determined by multiplying the number
of shares of Prime Response common stock subject to the stock option or warrant
immediately before the effective time of the merger by the 0.60 exchange ratio,
rounding down to the nearest whole share.
The exercise price per share of
Chordiant common stock subject to each assumed stock option or warrant will be
equal to the exercise price per share of the Prime Response common stock
subject to the stock option or warrant divided by the exchange ratio, rounding
up to the nearest cent.
All other terms and conditions of the stock options and
warrants (including with respect to acceleration) will not change and will
operate in accordance with their terms.

   
Instead of assuming outstanding Prime Response stock options and warrants,
Chordiant has the right, under the terms of the merger agreement, to replace
outstanding Prime Response stock options and warrants with substantially
equivalent options and warrants to purchase shares of Chordiant common stock.

If Chordiant decides to substitute options and warrants, the number of shares
covered by the substituted options and warrants and the exercise price of the
substituted options and warrants will be calculated as described in the
preceding paragraph.
All other terms of the substitute options and warrants
will be no more or less favorable to the optionee or warrantholder than the
terms of the options and warrants they are replacing.

   
Based on the stock options and warrants of Prime Response outstanding at the
record date and assuming no such stock options or warrants are exercised before
the effective time, Chordiant will be required at the effective time to reserve
approximately 2,404,512 shares of Chordiant common stock for issuance upon
exercise of Prime Response stock options and warrants assumed or substituted by
Chordiant in connection with the merger.
Under the terms of the merger
agreement, Chordiant will file with the SEC a registration statement relating
to the shares of Chordiant common stock subject to each assumed stock option.


Prime Response's Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   Prime Response's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be terminated at the
effective time of the merger.
February 28, 2001 will be treated as the last day
of any offering period then underway under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

Pro-rata adjustments may be required under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan to
reflect this shortened offering period, but the offering period will otherwise
be treated as a fully effective and completed offering period for all purposes
of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.


Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of
Prime Response, Chordiant and Puccini Acquisition Corp. relating to, among
other things, certain aspects of the respective businesses and assets of the
parties and other matters.
The representations and warranties expire at the
effective time of the merger.


Covenants; Conduct of Business Prior to the Merger

   Affirmative Covenants of Prime Response.
Prime Response has agreed that
before the effective time of the merger it will, among other things, and
subject to specified exceptions:

  .
except to the extent that such conduct does not result in a breach of any
    other covenant in the merger agreement, ensure that each of Prime
    Response and its subsidiaries conducts their respective businesses and
    operations in the ordinary course and in accordance with past practices
    and in compliance with all applicable legal requirements and the
    requirements of all material contracts;

  .
use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current
    business organization, keep available the services of its current
    officers and employees and maintain its relations and goodwill with all

   suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, strategic partners, licensors,
   licensees, employees and other persons having business relationships with
   it;

  .
keep in full force all insurance policies, provide all notices,
    assurances and support required pursuant to any contract relating to any
    of Prime Response's proprietary assets in order to ensure that no
    condition occurs that could result in any transfer or disclosure by Prime
    Response or any of its subsidiaries of any of Prime Response's or any of
    its subsidiaries' source code or a release from escrow of any of Prime
    Response's or any of its subsidiaries' source code that has been
    previously deposited into escrow;

  .
promptly notify Chordiant of: (1) any notice or communication from any
    person alleging that the consent of such person is or may be required in
    connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
    and (2) any legal proceeding commenced or to the best of the knowledge of
    Prime Response, threatened against or relating to Prime Response or any
    of its subsidiaries including any legal proceedings that relate to the
    completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .
cause Prime Response's chief executive officer to report regularly, but
    no less frequently than every five business days, to Chordiant concerning
    the status of Prime Response's business and (to the extent requested by
    Chordiant) cause its other officers to report regularly to Chordiant
    regarding Prime Response's business;

  .
give Chordiant reasonable advance notice of any meetings of management of
    Prime Response and provide Chordiant with the opportunity to cause a
    designee of Chordiant to attend and participate in meetings of
    management;

  .
provide Chordiant access to any of Prime Response's or its subsidiaries'
    offices and facilities at reasonable times and reasonable access to Prime
    Response's personnel, assets, books, records, tax returns and other
    documents and information and provide Chordiant with copies of all
    material operating and financial reports prepared by Prime Response's
    senior management, any written materials sent by Prime Response to its
    stockholders and any notice, report or other document filed with or sent
    to any governmental body in connection with the merger and any material
    notice, report or other document received by Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries from any governmental body;

  .
promptly notify Chordiant in writing of any event, condition, fact or
    circumstance that occurs, arises or exists on or prior to the date of the
    merger agreement and that would cause or constitute a material inaccuracy
    in any representation or warranty made by Prime Response in the merger
    agreement if such representation or warranty had been made as of the time
    of the occurrence, existence or discovery of such event, condition, fact
    or circumstance, or such event, condition, fact or circumstance had
    occurred, arisen or existed on or prior to the date of the merger
    agreement;

  .
promptly notify Chordiant in writing of any material breach of any
    covenant or obligation of Prime Response under the merger agreement;

  .
promptly notify Chordiant in writing of any event, condition, fact or
    circumstance that would make the timely satisfaction of any of the
    conditions set forth in the merger agreement impossible or unlikely or
    that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on Prime Response and its subsidiaries;

  .
use all reasonable efforts to file all notices, reports and other
    documents required to be filed with any governmental body with respect to
    the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement, including any notifications required under the HSR Act and any
    applicable foreign antitrust laws or regulations in connection with the
    merger and to submit promptly any additional information requested by any
    such governmental body;

  .
use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
    all actions necessary to consummate the merger and make effective the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including (1)
    making all filings, if any, and giving all notices, if any, required to
    be made and given by Prime Response in connection with the merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by

   the merger agreement, (2) using all reasonable efforts to obtain each
   consent, if any, required to be obtained by Prime Response in connection
   with the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
   merger agreement and (3) using all reasonable efforts to lift any
   restraint, injunction or other legal bar to the merger;

  .
take all action necessary to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of
    its stockholders to vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement; and

  .
use its best efforts to ensure that (1) its operating expenses for the
    first fiscal quarter of 2001 will not exceed $11.5 million in the
    aggregate as of March 31, 2001 and (2) its operating expenses will not
    exceed $3.8 million per month for each month ended on January 31, 2001
    and February 28, 2001, respectively.
The term "operating expenses" is
    defined in the merger agreement as the sum of sales and marketing
    expenses, research and development expenses and general and
    administrative expenses of Prime Response computed on a consolidated
    basis and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
    applied on a consistent basis; provided, however, such sum shall not
    include (A) non-cash expenses incurred by Prime Response during the first
    fiscal quarter of 2001, (B) expenses incurred by Prime Response in
    connection with the merger agreement and (C) non-recurring expenses
    related to actions taken by Prime Response in connection with the
    corporate restructuring of Prime Response after the date of the merger
    agreement provided that and only if Chordiant shall have consented to all
    of such actions and the resulting non-recurring expenses.

   
Prime Response has also agreed that its board of directors will recommend
that the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement.

However, at any time before the Prime Response special meeting, Prime
Response's board of directors is entitled to withdraw or modify its
recommendation that the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger
agreement if the following are satisfied:

  .
an unsolicited, bona fide written offer to purchase all of the
    outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock is made to Prime
    Response and is not withdrawn;

  .
Prime Response provides Chordiant with reasonable prior notice of any
    meeting of Prime Response's board of directors at which Prime Response's
    board of directors will determine whether such an offer constitutes a
    superior offer as defined below;

  .
Prime Response's board of directors determines in good faith (based upon
    the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
    reputation) that the offer constitutes a superior offer;

  .
Prime Response's board of directors determines in good faith, after
    having taken into account the advice of Prime Response's outside legal
    counsel, that, in light of the superior offer, the withdrawal or
    modification of its recommendation is required for the board of directors
    to comply with its fiduciary obligations to the Prime Response
    stockholders under applicable law;

  .
the Prime Response board recommendation that the Prime Response
    stockholders vote to approve the merger agreement is not withdrawn or
    modified in a manner adverse to Chordiant at any time within five
    business days after Chordiant receives written notice from Prime Response
    confirming that Prime Response's board of directors has determined that
    the offer constitutes a superior offer; and

  .
neither Prime Response nor any of its representatives has breached or
    taken any action inconsistent with the agreement not to solicit or
    encourage, or participate in discussions or negotiations with respect to,
    acquisition proposals from or with parties other than Chordiant.

   
For purposes of the merger agreement, the term "superior offer" means an
unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to purchase all of
the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock on terms that the Prime
Response board of directors determines, in its reasonable judgment, based upon
the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation, to be more favorable to the Prime Response stockholders than the
terms of the merger agreement.
Such an offer shall not, however, be deemed to
be a superior offer if any financing required to consummate the transaction
contemplated by the offer is not committed and is not reasonably capable of
being obtained by the third party.

   
Prime Response's obligation to call, give notice of and hold the special
stockholders' meeting will not be affected by the commencement, disclosure,
announcement or submission of a superior offer or acquisition proposal, or by
any withdrawal or modification of the recommendation by Prime Response's board
of directors that Prime Response's stockholders vote to approve the merger
agreement.

   
If the Prime Response board of directors withdraws or modifies its
recommendation that the Prime Response stockholders vote to approve the merger
agreement, Prime Response may be required to pay Chordiant a nonrefundable fee
in the amount of $1.0 million, plus reimbursement for expenses incurred by
Chordiant in connection with the merger up to $2.0 million (including attorney
fees, accountants fees, financial advisory fees and filing fees).
See "Certain
Terms of the Merger Agreement--Expenses and Termination Fee.
"

   Negative Covenants of Prime Response.
Prime Response has agreed that before
the effective time of the merger, without the prior written consent of
Chordiant, it will not, will not agree to, will not commit to and will not
permit its subsidiaries to:

  .
declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other
    distribution in respect of any shares of capital stock, or repurchase,
    redeem or otherwise reacquire any shares of capital stock or other
    securities;

  .
subject to specified exceptions, including the issuance of shares of
    Prime Response common stock upon the valid exercise of Prime Response
    options or warrants outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement,
    sell, issue, grant or authorize the issuance or grant of any capital
    stock or other security, any option, call, warrant or right to acquire
    any capital stock or other security or any instrument convertible into or
    exchangeable for any capital stock or other security;

  .
amend or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under,
    any provision of any of Prime Response's stock option plans, any
    provision of any agreement evidencing any outstanding stock option or any
    restricted stock purchase agreement, or otherwise modify the terms of any
    outstanding option, warrant or other security or related contract;

  .
amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its certificate of
    incorporation or bylaws or other charter or organizational documents;

  .
effect or become a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange,
    business combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of
    shares, stock split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of
    shares, consolidation of shares or similar transaction;

  .
subject to specified exceptions, form any subsidiary or acquire any
    equity interest in any other entity;

  .
make any capital expenditure;

  .
enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the assets owned or used
    by Prime Response to become bound by, any contract (including, without
    limitation, any contract requiring Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries to license, sell or otherwise make available to any person
    any product, system or software, any contract with respect to the lease
    of real property and any contract with or relating to any employee), or
    amend or terminate, or waive or exercise any right or remedy under, any
    contract;

  .
lend money to any person, forgive any indebtedness or incur or guarantee
    any indebtedness;

  .
establish, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan, pay any bonus or
    make any profit-sharing payment to, or increase the amount of the wages,
    salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation payable to,
    any of its directors, officers or employees;

  .
hire or promote any employee or engage any consultant or independent
    contractor;

  .
change any of its product return policies, personnel policies or any of
    its methods of accounting or accounting practices in any respect;

  .
make any tax election;

  .
commence or settle any legal proceeding;

  .
enter into any material transaction or take any other material action; or

  .
make any disclosure regarding the merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement unless Chordiant shall have approved
    such disclosure or Prime Response shall have been advised in writing by
    its outside legal counsel that such disclosure is required by applicable
    law.

   
Affirmative Covenants of Chordiant.
Chordiant has agreed that, until the
earlier of the effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger
agreement, it will, among other things, and subject to specified exceptions:

  .
provide Prime Response with reasonable access to Chordiant's personnel,
    assets, books, records, tax returns and other documents and information
    and provide Prime Response with copies of existing books, records, tax
    returns and other documents and information relating to Chordiant and to
    such additional financial, operating and other data and information
    regarding Chordiant as Prime Response may reasonably request;

  .
register under the Securities Act the issuance of the shares of Chordiant
    common stock in the merger;

  .
use all reasonable efforts to file all notices, reports and other
    documents required to be filed with any governmental body with respect to
    the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement, including the notifications required under the HSR Act and any
    applicable foreign, federal and state antitrust laws or regulations in
    connection with the merger and to submit promptly any additional
    information requested by any such governmental body;

  .
use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
    all actions necessary to consummate the merger and make effective the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including (1)
    making all filings, if any, and giving all notices, if any, required to
    be made and given by Chordiant in connection with the merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (2) using all
    reasonable efforts to obtain each consent, if any, required to be
    obtained by Chordiant in connection with the merger or any of the other
    transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and (3) using all
    reasonable efforts to lift any restraint, injunction or other legal bar
    to the merger;

  .
take all action necessary to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of
    its stockholders to vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares
    of Chordiant common stock in the merger; and

  .
use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the board of directors
    of Chordiant to consist, as of the effective time of the merger, of ten
    directors: (1) nine of whom will be persons designated by Chordiant, and
    (2) one of whom will be a person designated by Prime Response, provided
    that person is not an employee of Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries.

   
Chordiant has also agreed that its board of directors will recommend that
the Chordiant stockholders vote to approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger.
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time
before the Chordiant special meeting, the Chordiant board of directors is
entitled to withdraw or modify its recommendation that the Chordiant
stockholders vote to approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock
in the merger if the board of directors of Chordiant concludes in good faith,
after having taken into account the advice of Chordiant's outside legal
counsel, that the withdrawal or modification of the board of directors'
recommendation is required in order for the board of directors of Chordiant to
comply with its fiduciary obligations to Chordiant's stockholders under
applicable law.
No termination fee will be payable to Prime Response by
Chordiant if the board of directors of Chordiant withdraws or modifies its
recommendation that the Chordiant stockholders vote to approve the issuance of
shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger.

   
Negative Covenants of Chordiant.
Chordiant has agreed that before the
effective time of the merger, without the prior written consent of Prime
Response, it will not make any disclosure regarding the merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement unless Prime Response
shall have approved such disclosure or Chordiant shall have been advised in
writing by its outside legal counsel that such disclosure is required by
applicable law.


Limitation on Prime Response's Ability to Consider other Acquisition Proposals

   Prime Response has agreed that it will not directly or indirectly, and that
it will not authorize or permit its subsidiaries or any of its representatives
directly or indirectly, to:

  .
solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or facilitate the making, submission
    or announcement of any acquisition proposal or take any action that could
    reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal, as defined
    below;

  .
furnish any information regarding Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries to any person in connection with or in response to an
    acquisition proposal or an inquiry or indication of interest that could
    lead to an acquisition proposal;

  .
engage in discussions or negotiations with any person with respect to any
    acquisition proposal;

  .
approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal; or

  .
enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract
    contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition transaction, as
    defined below.

   
For purposes of the merger agreement, the term "acquisition proposal" means
any offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest, other than by
Chordiant, contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition transaction.

   
For purposes of the merger agreement, the term "acquisition transaction"
means:

  .
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share exchange, business
    combination, issuance of securities, acquisition of securities, tender
    offer, exchange offer or other similar transaction (1) in which Prime
    Response or any its subsidiaries is a constituent corporation, (2) in
    which a person or group of persons directly or indirectly acquires
    beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 20%
    of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Prime
    Response or its subsidiaries or (3) in which Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries issues securities representing more than 20% of the
    outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Prime
    Response or any of its subsidiaries;

  .
any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition
    of any business or businesses or assets that constitute or account for
    20% or more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of
    Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; or

  .
any liquidation or dissolution of Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries.

   
However, prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by the Prime Response
stockholders, these restrictions will not prohibit Prime Response from
furnishing nonpublic information regarding Prime Response or its subsidiaries
to, or entering into discussions with, any person or entity in response to a
superior offer (as defined above) that is submitted to Prime Response by that
person or entity (and not withdrawn)
if:

  .
neither Prime Response nor any representative of Prime Response or any
    its subsidiaries have breached or taken any action inconsistent with the
    restrictions discussed above;

  .
the Prime Response board of directors determines in good faith, based
    upon the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally
    recognized reputation, that such acquisition proposal is reasonably
    likely to lead to a superior offer;

  .
the board of directors of Prime Response concludes in good faith, after
    having taken into account the advice of its outside legal counsel, that
    such action is required in order for the board of directors to comply
    with its fiduciary obligations to the Prime Response stockholders under
    applicable law;

  .
prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to, or entering into
    discussions with, that person, Prime Response gives Chordiant written
    notice of the identity of that person and of Prime Response's intention
    to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions with, that
    person, and Prime Response receives from that person an executed
    confidentiality agreement containing customary limitations on the use and
    disclosure of all nonpublic written and oral information furnished to
    that person by or on behalf of Prime Response and containing customary
    "standstill" provisions; and

  .
prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to that person, Prime
    Response furnishes such nonpublic information to Chordiant, to the extent
    such nonpublic information has not been previously furnished by Prime
    Response to Chordiant.

   
If the Prime Response board of directors receives an acquisition proposal,
any inquiry or indication of interest that could reasonably be expected to lead
to an acquisition proposal or any request for nonpublic information then Prime
Response must, within 24 hours of receipt of such acquisition proposal,
inquiry, indication of interest or request, advise Chordiant orally and in
writing of such matter (including the identity of the person making or
submitting such acquisition proposal, inquiry, indication of interest or
request, and the terms thereof).
Prime Response must keep Chordiant fully
informed with respect to the status of any such acquisition proposal, inquiry,
indication of interest or request and any modification or proposed modification
to the acquisition proposal.
Prime Response must immediately cease and cause to
be terminated any existing discussions with any person that relate to any
acquisition proposal.

   
Prime Response has agreed not to release or permit the release of any person
from, or to waive or permit the waiver of any provision of, any
confidentiality, "standstill," or similar agreement to which Prime Response or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or under which Prime Response or any of its
subsidiaries has any rights, and will use its best efforts to enforce or cause
to be enforced each of these agreements at the request of Chordiant.
Prime
Response has also agreed to promptly request that each person who has executed,
within 12 months prior to the date of the merger agreement, a confidentiality
agreement in connection with its consideration of a possible acquisition
transaction or equity investment to return all confidential information
furnished to that person by or on behalf of Prime Response or any of its
subsidiaries.


Conditions to the Merger

   Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party.
The obligations of Chordiant
and Prime Response to complete the merger and otherwise consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction, at or prior to the closing of the merger, of the following
conditions:

  .
the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    is a part shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions
    of the Securities Act and shall not be subject to any stop order or any
    pending or threatened stop order proceedings;

  .
the Chordiant stockholders shall have approved the issuance of shares of
    Chordiant common stock in the merger by the required vote and the Prime
    Response stockholders shall have adopted the merger agreement by the
    required vote;

  .
the shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued in the merger shall
    have been approved for listing (subject to notice of issuance) on the
    Nasdaq National Market;

  .
any applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act shall have expired or
    been terminated; and

  .
no court order shall be in effect that prohibits the completion of the
    merger.

   
Conditions to the Obligation of Chordiant.
The obligation of Chordiant to
complete the merger and otherwise consummate the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the closing
of the merger, of the following additional conditions:

  .
the representations and warranties made by Prime Response in the merger
    agreement shall have been accurate in all material respects as of the
    date of the merger agreement (except for representations and warranties
    which address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all material respects as of that particular time); provided
    that for the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations
    and warranties, all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Prime
    Response's disclosure schedule made after the date of the merger
    agreement will be disregarded;

  .
representations and warranties made by Prime Response relating to certain
    corporate governance and other related matters such as Prime Response's
    corporate structure, corporate standing and capitalization shall be
    accurate in all respects as of the date the merger is completed as if
    made on such date (except for representations and warranties which
    address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all respects as of that particular time); provided that for
    the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and
    warranties all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Prime
    Response's disclosure schedule related to such representations and
    warranties will be disregarded.
Also any inaccuracies in the
    representations and warranties will be disregarded if the circumstances
    giving rise to all inaccuracies considered collectively do not
    constitute, and would not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on Prime Response and its subsidiaries;

  .
Prime Response shall have complied with and performed in all material
    respects with each covenant and obligation in the merger agreement that
    is required to be complied with by Prime Response at or prior to the
    completion of the merger;

  .
all necessary governmental or corporate consents, assignments or
    approvals as may be required or appropriate to be obtained in connection
    with the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement will have been obtained and will be in full force and effect;

  .
Chordiant shall have received the following agreements and documents,
    each of which will be in full force and effect: (1) affiliate agreements
    executed by each person who could reasonably be deemed to be an
    "affiliate" of Prime Response; (2) a letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers
    LLP, dated as of the closing date and addressed to Chordiant, reasonably
    satisfactory in form and substance to Chordiant, updating the earlier
    letter with respect to this registration statement; (3) a legal opinion
    of Chordiant's outside legal counsel dated as of the closing date and
    addressed to Chordiant, to the effect that the merger will constitute a
    tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes; (4) a
    certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
    Officer of Prime Response confirming that certain closing conditions have
    been satisfied; and (5) the written resignations of all officers and
    directors of Prime Response and each of its subsidiaries;

  .
there shall not be pending or threatened any legal proceeding in which a
    governmental body is or is threatened to become a party or is otherwise
    involved: (1) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the
    consummation of the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
    by the merger agreement; (2) relating to the merger and seeking to obtain
    from Chordiant, Prime Response or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries
    any damages or other relief that may be material to Chordiant or Prime
    Response and its subsidiaries; (3) seeking to prohibit or limit in any
    material respect Chordiant's ability to vote, receive dividends with
    respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the
    stock of the surviving corporation; (4) that would materially and
    adversely affect the right of Chordiant, Prime Response or any of Prime
    Response's subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the business of
    Prime Response and its subsidiaries; or (5) seeking to compel Prime
    Response, any of Prime Response's subsidiaries, Chordiant or any
    subsidiary of Chordiant to dispose of or hold separate any material
    assets as a result of the merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .
there shall not be pending (1) any legal proceeding brought against Prime
    Response or any of its subsidiaries by any stockholder of Prime Response
    or any of its subsidiaries (other than a legal proceeding brought by any
    stockholder that relates solely to the value of the merger as expressed
    by the exchange ratio and no other matter) or (2) any legal proceeding
    seeking to obtain from Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries damages
    or other relief equal to or in excess of $1.0 million and there shall be
    no order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree to which Prime Response or
    any of its subsidiaries, or any assets owned or to the knowledge of Prime
    Response, used by Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries, is subject
    which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on Prime Response and its subsidiaries;

  .
there shall not be pending any legal proceeding in which, in the
    reasonable judgment of Chordiant, there is a reasonable possibility of an
    outcome that could have a material adverse effect on Prime Response and
    its subsidiaries or a material adverse effect on Chordiant: (1)
    challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
    merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement; (2) relating to the merger and seeking to obtain from
    Chordiant, Prime Response or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries any
    damages or other relief that may be material to Chordiant, Prime Response
    or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries; (3) seeking to prohibit or limit
    in any material respect Chordiant's ability to vote, receive dividends
    with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to
    the stock of Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; (4) that would
    materially and adversely affect the right of Chordiant, Prime Response or
    any of Prime Response's subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the
    business of Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; or (5) seeking to
    compel Prime Response, any of Prime Response's subsidiaries, Chordiant or
    any subsidiary of Chordiant to dispose of or hold separate any material
    assets as a result of the merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement; and

  .
Chordiant shall have received assurances reasonably satisfactory to it
    that Prime Response has not exercised any rights it may have either in
    whole or in part to purchase shares of MarketSwitch Corporation pursuant
    to a warrant, dated March 31, 2000, entered into by Prime Response and
    MarketSwitch Corporation.

   
As used in the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means with
respect to Prime Response and its subsidiaries, any change, effect, event,
occurrence, state of facts or development that has had or could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial
condition or results of operations of Prime Response and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole, (ii) the ability of Prime Response to consummate the merger or any
of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform
any of its obligations under the merger agreement, or (iii) Chordiant's ability
to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership
rights with respect to the stock of the surviving corporation.
However, none of
the following, in and of itself, will constitute a material adverse effect on
Prime Response and its subsidiaries:

  .
a change in the market price or trading volume of Prime Response's common
    stock;

  .
any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development attributable to conditions affecting the industries in which
    Prime Response participates, the United States economy as a whole or
    foreign economies in any locations where Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries has material operations or sales, so long as such conditions
    do not affect Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries in a materially
    disproportionate manner;

  .
any failure by Prime Response to meet internal projections or forecasts,
    analysts' expectations or published revenue or earnings predictions for
    any period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released) on or
    after the date of the merger agreement; and

  .
any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development resulting from or relating to entering into, compliance with
    the terms of, or the taking of any action required by the merger
    agreement.

   
Conditions to the Obligation of Prime Response.
The obligation of Prime
Response to effect the merger and otherwise consummate the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction, at or
prior to the closing, of the following additional conditions:

  .
the representations and warranties made by Chordiant in the merger
    agreement shall have been accurate in all material respects as of the
    date of the merger agreement (except for representations and warranties
    which address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all material respects as of that particular time); provided
    that for the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations
    and warranties, all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Chordiant's
    disclosure schedule made after the date of the merger agreement will be
    disregarded;

  .
representations and warranties made by Chordiant relating to certain
    corporate governance and other related matters such as Chordiant's
    corporate structure, corporate standing and capitalization shall be
    accurate in all respects as of the date the merger is completed as if
    made on such date (except for representations and warranties which
    address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all respects as of that particular time); provided that for
    the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and
    warranties all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Chordiant's
    disclosure schedule related to such representations and warranties will
    be disregarded.
Any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
    will be disregarded if the circumstances giving rise to all inaccuracies
    considered collectively do not constitute, and would not reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on Chordiant and its
    subsidiaries;

  .
Chordiant shall have complied with and performed in all material respects
    with all of its covenants and obligations in the merger agreement
    required to be complied with at or prior to the completion of the merger;
    and

  .
Prime Response shall have received the following agreements and
    documents, each of which will be in full force and effect: (1) a legal
    opinion of Prime Response's outside legal counsel dated as of the closing
    date and addressed to Prime Response, to the effect that the merger will
    constitute a tax-free reorganization for United States federal income tax
    purposes; and (2) a certificate executed by any executive officer of
    Chordiant confirming that certain closing conditions have been satisfied.

   
As used in the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means with
respect to Chordiant, any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or results of
operations of Chordiant and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the
ability of Chordiant to consummate the merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform any of its obligations under
the merger agreement.
However, none of the following, in and of itself, will
constitute a material adverse effect on Chordiant:

  .
a change in the market price or trading volume of Chordiant's common
    stock;

  .
any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development attributable to conditions affecting the industries in which
    Chordiant or any of its subsidiaries participates, the United States
    economy as a whole or foreign economies in any locations where Chordiant
    or any of its subsidiaries has material operations or sales, so long as
    such conditions do not affect Chordiant or any of its subsidiaries in a
    materially disproportionate manner;

  .
any failure by Chordiant to meet internal projections or forecasts,
    analysts' expectations or published revenue or earnings predictions for
    any period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released) on or
    after the date of the merger agreement; and

  .
any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development resulting from or relating to entering into, compliance with
    the terms of, or the taking of any action required by the merger
    agreement.


Termination of the Merger Agreement

   Chordiant and Prime Response can agree by mutual written consent to
terminate the merger agreement at any time before the completion of the merger.

In addition, either Chordiant or Prime Response may terminate the merger
agreement if:

  .
the merger is not completed on or before June 30, 2001, unless the
    failure to consummate the merger is attributable to a failure on the part
    of the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to perform any
    covenant required to be performed by such party on or prior to the
    completion of the merger;

  .
a court or other governmental body issues a final and nonappealable order
    permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger;

  .
the Prime Response stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement;

  .
the Chordiant stockholders fail to approve the issuance of shares of
    Chordiant common stock in the merger; or

  .
the representations and warranties of the other party in the merger
    agreement are or become inaccurate, or the other party breaches its
    covenants, such that a condition to the obligation of the party to which
    such representations and warranties or covenants relate would not be
    satisfied and the inaccuracy or breach is not curable through the
    exercise of reasonable efforts or the other party is not using reasonable
    efforts to cure the breach.

   
In addition, Chordiant may terminate the merger agreement, before the
receipt of the Prime Response stockholder approval, if any of the following
"triggering events" occurs:

  .
the Prime Response board of directors fails to recommend that the Prime
    Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, or has taken
    any other action which is reasonably determined by Chordiant to indicate
    that the board of directors of Prime Response might withdraw or modify
    such recommendation;

  .
the board of directors of Prime Response takes any action that is
    inconsistent with supporting the merger or making its recommendation that
    the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement;

  .
Prime Response fails to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    the recommendation by the Prime Response board of directors that the
    Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement or a
    statement to the effect that the Prime Response board of directors has
    determined and believes that the merger is in the best interests of the
    Prime Response stockholders;

  .
the Prime Response board of directors fails to reaffirm its
    recommendation that the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the
    merger agreement or its determination that the merger is in the best
    interests of the Prime Response stockholders within five business days
    after Chordiant requests in writing that such recommendation or
    determination be reaffirmed;

  .
the Prime Response board of directors approves, endorses or recommends
    another acquisition proposal;

  .
Prime Response enters into a letter of intent or similar document or any
    contract contemplating another acquisition proposal;

  .
Prime Response fails to hold the special meeting of the Prime Response
    stockholders within 45 days after the registration statement which
    includes this joint proxy statement/prospectus is declared effective;

  .
a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Prime Response is
    commenced, and Prime Response does not send to its securityholders,
    within 10 business days after the commencement of the tender or exchange
    offer, a statement disclosing that Prime Response recommends rejection of
    the tender or exchange offer;

  .
another acquisition proposal is publicly announced and Prime Response
    fails to issue a press release announcing its opposition to the
    acquisition proposal within five business days after the acquisition
    proposal is announced or otherwise fails to actively oppose such
    acquisition proposal; or

  .
Prime Response, its subsidiaries or any of their respective
    representatives breaches or takes any action inconsistent with its
    agreement not to solicit or encourage, or participate in discussions or
    negotiations with respect to, acquisition proposals from or with parties
    other than Chordiant.

   
Subject to certain limited exceptions, if the merger agreement is
terminated, then it will be of no further effect, there will be no liability on
the part of Chordiant or Prime Response to the other, and all rights and
obligations of the parties will cease.
However, no party will be relieved from
its obligations with respect to any material breach of representation, warranty
or covenant contained in the merger agreement.


Expenses and Termination Fee

 Expenses

   The merger agreement provides that, regardless of whether Chordiant and
Prime Response consummate the merger, each of Prime Response and Chordiant will
pay its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, except that
Chordiant and Prime Response have agreed to share equally all fees and
expenses, other than attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with (1) the
filing, printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any
amendments or supplements to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and (2) the
filing by the parties of the premerger notification and report forms relating
to the merger under the HSR Act and the filing of any notice or other document
under any applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation.

   
However, not withstanding the foregoing, if the merger agreement is
terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because the merger has not been
consummated by June 30, 2001 or the Prime Response stockholders have failed to
adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting of Prime Response
stockholders and at or prior to the time of the termination of the merger
agreement in both these circumstances, an acquisition proposal shall have been
disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made or the merger agreement is
terminated by Chordiant because one of the "triggering events" discussed above
occurs, the merger agreement requires Prime Response to reimburse Chordiant for
expenses incurred in connection with the merger up to $2.0 million (including
attorneys' fees, accountants fees, financial advisory fees and filing fees).

 
Termination Fees

   If the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because
the merger is not consummated by June 30, 2001 or because the Prime Response
stockholders failed to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting of
Prime Response stockholders and at or prior to the time of the termination of
the merger agreement in both these circumstances, an acquisition proposal shall
have been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made or the merger
agreement is terminated by Chordiant because one the "triggering events"
described above occurs, the merger agreement requires Prime Response to pay
Chordiant a termination fee in the amount of $1.0 million.


Amendment

   
The merger agreement may be amended by the approval of the Chordiant board
of directors and the Prime Response board of directors.
However, after the
adoption of the merger agreement by Prime Response's stockholders, no amendment
which by law requires the approval of Prime Response's stockholders will be
effective until approved by Prime Response's stockholders and after Chordiant's
stockholders have approved the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in
the merger, no amendment which by law or National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. regulation requires further approval of Chordiant's stockholders
will be effective until approved by Chordiant's stockholders.

                               
VOTING AGREEMENTS

   
The following description of the voting agreements entered into by the
affiliated entities of the principal stockholder of Prime Response in favor of
Chordiant sets forth certain material terms of the voting agreements.
The form
of voting agreement is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference.
You are encouraged to read the entire form
of voting agreement.

   
Certain affiliated entities of General Atlantic Partners, LLC, a principal
stockholder of Prime Response whose representatives sit on the board of
directors of Prime Response have each entered into voting agreements with
Chordiant dated January 8, 2001.
They have agreed in the voting agreements to
vote a certain percentage of the shares of Prime Response common stock owned by
them in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, against competing
acquisition proposals, and otherwise as provided in the voting agreements.
The
voting agreements also provide that they must vote against the following "other
actions," other than the merger: (1) any action or agreement that could result
in a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Prime
Response in the merger agreement or in the voting agreement; (2) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation or other
business combination involving Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; (3)
any sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of assets of Prime Response or
any of its subsidiaries (other than in the ordinary course of business); (4)
any reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of Prime
Response or any of its subsidiaries; (5) any removal of or change in a majority
of the board of directors of Prime Response; (6) any amendment to Prime
Response's certificate of incorporation; (7) any material change in the
capitalization of Prime Response or Prime Response's corporate structure; and
(8) any other action which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the
merger or any other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or the
voting agreement.
These entities have also granted Chordiant an irrevocable
proxy to vote a certain number of their shares of Prime Response common stock
in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, against competing acquisition
proposals and in the discretion of the proxy holder with respect to the other
matters covered by the agreements.
As of the record date, affiliated entities
of General Atlantic Partners, LLC collectively beneficially owned 9,269,217
shares of Prime Response common stock and have agreed to vote 8,192,828 shares
of Prime Response common stock beneficially owned by them (or approximately 40%
of the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock as of the record date)
in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.
The affiliated entities of
General Atlantic Partners, LLC may vote their shares of Prime Response common
stock on all matters not covered by the voting agreements.

   
The affiliated entities of General Atlantic Partners, LLC who signed the
voting agreements also have agreed not to transfer any shares of Prime Response
common stock, grant any option to purchase shares of Prime Response common
stock, otherwise dispose of or transfer any shares of Prime Response common
stock or create any encumbrance on or otherwise affecting the shares of Prime
Response common stock owned by them before the earlier of the termination of
the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger.

   
These voting agreements will terminate upon the earlier to occur of the
valid termination of the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger,
unless an "identified termination" occurs, which includes circumstances where
the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because the
merger was not consummated by June 30, 2001 and at or prior to the time of
termination of the merger agreement an acquisition proposal had been disclosed,
announced, commenced, submitted or made, the merger agreement is terminated by
Prime Response or Chordiant because the Prime Response stockholders have failed
to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement or the merger agreement
is terminated by Chordiant because a "triggering event" as discussed above has
occurred.
If an identified termination occurs, the Prime Response stockholders
who signed voting agreements have agreed that for a period of 180 days after
the merger agreement is validly terminated they will vote against any
acquisition proposal (not brought by Chordiant) and against the approval or
adoption of any related transaction or agreement, against any action that is
intended, or could reasonably be expected, to facilitate the consummation of
any other acquisition transaction and against any "other action" as defined
above.

                       
INFORMATION RELATING TO CHORDIANT

                              CHORDIANT'S BUSINESS

Overview

   Chordiant provides a customer relationship management (CRM) software
infrastructure solution for customer relationship marketing, service, sales,
knowledge management and real-time transactions across multiple communication
channels.
Chordiant believes its solution enables companies, who depend upon
and value their customer relationships, to bolster customer retention and build
long-term, profitable relationships with customers.
Chordiant's primary target
markets include companies with the most demanding customer relationships
involving a large number of individual customers with complex customer
relationships that require high levels of personalized services.
Chordiant's
customers include global companies in the financial services,
telecommunications, retail and integrated travel services industries.
The
Chordiant solution seeks to fulfill the requirements these companies have for
an enterprise-wide CRM software infrastructure solution capable of servicing
millions of individual customers across multiple communication channels in
real-time.


Industry Background

   The CRM market is large, pervasive and rapidly growing.
Today, Chordiant
believes customers are placing increasing value on convenient access to
information, products and services.
To be successful in building long term and
profitable relationships with customers, Chordiant believes companies must take
a strategic approach to attract and retain valuable customers.
To attract
customers, companies must focus on developing and executing a new set of
strategies that provide users with personalized experiences when they first
contact a company.
Companies must be more responsive to customer needs and must
focus on delivering superior customer service and satisfaction to differentiate
themselves from their competitors.
Companies must work to retain their
customers by providing relevant and targeted information and experiences each
time an interaction between a business and individual takes place.
Moreover,
companies must recognize that every customer interaction provides an
opportunity to sell additional, and more valuable, products and services and
increase customer loyalty through personalized customer interaction.

   
While the Internet has emerged as a significant channel to initiate and
maintain customer relationships, Chordiant believes that existing and
established customer communication channels have not become less significant.

Specifically, to remain competitive, Chordiant believes that companies must
provide consistent high quality customer service across all communication
channels including self service systems such as the Internet, e-mail and
automated telephony and assisted contact points such as call centers, branches
and retail outlets.
Companies that use organization and enterprise-wide
customer information to provide consistent customer services through
interactions across multiple channels and contact points will be able to
compete more successfully in the rapidly changing Internet economy.

   
There are many challenges to implementing an enterprise approach that is
focused on individual customers.
These challenges include providing customers
access to information and functionality that traditionally resides within
complex back end systems, integrating and managing disparate systems and
generating relevant processes in real time.
Successful integration of these
systems and the creation of a comprehensive single view of the customer allows
companies to control routing and prompting of appropriate responses to the
customer in an automated and dynamic process.

   
Many existing product technologies do not meet the new requirements of an
enterprise view of customer relationships.
Client/server technologies for sales
force automation, call centers and field service management were originally
designed for departmental functions and use by employees rather than customers.

The growth of the Internet has given rise to a wide range of new products
focused on a specific channel of customer contact such as Web self-service, e-
mail response and marketing automation.
These single function Web-based
products are not likely to completely replace existing means of handling
customer service and commerce.
For instance, many companies continue to rely
heavily on telephone-based customer service representatives and are struggling
to integrate Web and e-mail products with the telephone.
Companies have
responded to the lack of

integration among existing products by attempting to design and build their own
e-business software applications.
The cost and time to custom build these new
systems can be prohibitive, and the expertise required to design and integrate
the systems are often beyond the capabilities of most companies.
Additionally,
most commercially-available and custom-built systems do not have the
flexibility to integrate existing and anticipated technologies or to allow
customization to keep up with a constantly changing Internet economy.

   
Chordiant believes that companies need a flexible, integrated software
solution that supports all channels of customer contact with a comprehensive
single view of the customer and consistent business services.
Today, customer
data must be accessed from multiple sources, applications and transaction
systems to respond to customer inquiries following company specific business
rules.
Unlike traditional customer profiles, a comprehensive single view of the
customer must be updated in real time for each customer contact and reflect the
customer's contact history and other relevant information.
A completely
customer focused software solution improves the ability to attract, engage and
retain customers on a personalized basis and understand their needs and
preferences to provide consistent interactions with customers through any
communication channel.


The Chordiant Solution

   Chordiant provides CRM infrastructure software and applications that
Chordiant believes enables companies to offer their customers personalized
marketing, sales programs, e-business services and customer support across
multiple communication channels.
Chordiant has designed its products to
integrate customer information from different data sources, generate business
processes based on a customer's specific profile and request, and provide
uniform service and data to customers across multiple communications channels.

Chordiant's products are designed to enable companies to deliver appropriate
offers and information to a targeted customer at the time of customer need.

Chordiant believes that companies that use its products can increase the value
derived from their customers through improved retention rates and linked
selling opportunities that result from a personalized customer interaction.

   
Chordiant's product suite, Chordiant Unified CRM Solution, includes the
Unified CRM Infrastructure, Unified Interfaces, common business services and
relationship marketing, service, self-serve and knowledge management
applications.
The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure provides for intelligent
customer interaction management across a client's entire business by unifying
communication channels and business processes from different corporate data
sources containing customer information.
The Chordiant Unified Interfaces
contain interface products including: Chordiant Unified Knowledge, Chordiant
Unified Touch-Points, Chordiant Unified Response Center, Chordiant Unified
Rules and Workflow.
Chordiant's Unified Interface products are designed to
unify the customer information, business processing and application services to
provide consistent service to customers across communications channels
including the Internet, telephone, e-mail and branch offices.

   
Chordiant's product suite is designed to enable companies to increase the
return from their customers by facilitating individual interactions between
customers and companies that Chordiant believes will help retain customers,
grow revenues and increase profits.
Chordiant's customers include multinational
market leading business-to-consumer companies such as: Bank One International,
Barclays Mercantile, British Sky Broadcasting, Canadian Tire Acceptance
Limited, Direct Line Group Services Limited, First USA Bank, OnStar, a division
of General Motors, Lloyds TSB Bank, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and
Thomas Cook Global Services.

   
Key benefits of the Chordiant solution include the following:

   Comprehensive single view of the customer.
Companies that have a
comprehensive single view of their customers and that distribute information
throughout their enterprise to the points of customer contact can provide a
more consistent and personalized consumer experience.
Chordiant's data
management technology helps companies develop a single view of the customer by
integrating, consolidating and managing data derived from external and internal
sources.
Chordiant's product suite uses multiple data sources, existing
applications and transaction systems to build a comprehensive single view of
the customer and generate the appropriate response at time of contact.
A bank,
for example, might use Chordiant's products to integrate information about

a customer contained in internal databases such as credit card, mortgage and
savings account historical transaction systems, Web logs and e-mail management
systems, as well as external databases such as national credit check services.

By integrating this information, the bank has a more comprehensive
understanding of the customer's ability to repay a loan and the value of that
customer's relationship with the bank.

   
Automated, sophisticated decision making processes.
Workflow and rules
driven business processes help companies to make automated, yet informed,
decisions about customer inquiries.
Chordiant's workflow processing system
supports customizable business processes allowing companies to develop business
rules that will be implemented consistently.
Chordiant's workflow editor is a
graphical user interface application that allows business analysts to customize
and automate their company's unique business rules.
Chordiant's sophisticated
routing engine is designed to allow companies to instantly determine how to
respond to specific customer inquiries and generate offers appropriate for
particular customers.
A bank, for example, could specify that at the time of
contact, only customers with a solid credit card history, an existing home
loan, a savings account with a minimum balance and a clean credit history
should receive an attractive auto loan rate and free online bill payment
services.

   
Consistent customer experience across multiple channels.
Chordiant believes
that companies providing customers with a consistent experience across multiple
communication channels enjoy greater customer satisfaction because customers
are able to receive the same reliable service and information regardless of how
they choose to contact the company.
There are a large and increasing number of
customer communications channels, including: Web, e-mail, fax, self-service
systems, mobile devices, call centers and retail outlets.
Chordiant's product
suite implements a common set of business rules uniformly across systems
already existing in different customer communications channels.
A bank, for
example, could ensure that a particular customer receives the same attractive
auto loan rate and online bill payment service promotion, regardless of whether
the customer contacts the bank through the Web, e-mail, a customer service call
center or in person at a local branch.

   
Standard and customizable business services.
Chordiant believes that
companies that implement their unique business services will realize greater
levels of efficiency, consistency and customer satisfaction.
Chordiant's
products provide a broad set of standard business objects, or fundamental
business functions, that are common across industries.
These standard business
objects can be modified to accommodate specific customer and business
processes, policies and transactions of individual companies.
A bank, for
example, could customize Chordiant's business objects by activating specific
financial services objects related to specific transactions, such as processing
auto loans, and alter Chordiant's standard loan business processes to bypass an
external credit check if the customer has a clean credit and mortgage history.


Strategy

   Chordiant's objective is to continue to provide innovative CRM
infrastructure software that enables companies to provide superior relationship
marketing, personalized service and customer support to their individual
customers across multiple communication channels.

   
Key elements of Chordiant's strategy include the following:

   Continue technology leadership.
The increasing demands for multi-channel
interactive CRM solutions require products that are adaptable, extensible and
interoperable.
To meet these requirements, Chordiant intends to continue to
devote substantial resources to the development of new and innovative product
capabilities.
Because Chordiant has designed its products to utilize the
capabilities of the Internet, Chordiant believes that its products are more
easily adapted to a constantly changing, e-business environment.
For example,
Chordiant's product suite is designed to accommodate additional contact points
such as personal digital assistants, cellular telephones and digital
television.

   
Extend technology and integration alliances.
Chordiant has sought, secured
and continued to seek, strategic alliances to assist in developing, marketing
and selling its product.
This approach is intended to

leverage the technology and resources available to perform application design
and development services for Chordiant's customers and provide additional
marketing and technical expertise in industry segments.
To help ensure that
Chordiant delivers comprehensive products to its customers, Chordiant has
established strategic relationships with organizations in three general
categories:

  .
computing and network platform vendors;

  .
software platform vendors; and

  .
systems integrators.

   
Target leading global business-to-consumer companies.
Chordiant intends to
continue targeting the global leaders in the primary business-to-consumer
markets by providing solutions to the financial services, telecommunications,
travel and retail industries.
These industries are characterized by commodity-
like products and large numbers of dispersed customers, partners, vendors and
suppliers.
Chordiant believes that companies in these industries will be early
users, and early beneficiaries, of an integrated system that can deliver
personalized, real-time processes utilizing a comprehensive single view of the
customer.

   
Expand worldwide infrastructure.
Chordiant intends to continue to grow its
global presence by expanding worldwide field sales, marketing and services
organizations.
Chordiant plans to continue expanding its international presence
by adding direct sales personnel and increasing Chordiant's indirect sales
channels.
In particular, Chordiant plans to further expand its European
operations from Chordiant's existing international headquarters in London,
England.
Chordiant has established regional offices in both Germany and the
Netherlands.

   
Growth through customer references.
Chordiant plans to achieve additional
market success as Chordiant's customers become successful in using their e-
business initiatives to increase customer retention and revenues.
Chordiant's
most successful customers become valuable references for Chordiant's future
sales opportunities.
To ensure that all Chordiant customers become Chordiant
references, Chordiant intends to:

  .
deliver superior customer service to Chordiant's customers, to help
    ensure their long-term satisfaction and success with Chordiant's
    products;

  .
work with experienced and knowledgeable systems integrators to help
    enable Chordiant's customers to implement large scale deployments
    successfully;

  .
deliver high quality customer education and training on Chordiant's
    products to assist Chordiant's customers to meet and exceed their e-
    business expectations; and

  .
hire and retain expert consultants to assist Chordiant's customers in
    implementation of Chordiant's products.


Products

   Chordiant's products are designed to address complex and extreme customer
information demands placed on global companies who desire to treat millions of
their customers in an individual, personalized way.
Chordiant's Unified CRM
Solution provides companies with e-business infrastructure software that is
typically licensed as an integrated set of applications and functionality.

   
Chordiant's Unified CRM Solution suite is designed using a three-tiered
technology architecture.
This layered architecture insulates software
components from one another which allows enhancements and customization to the
software to be made in a plug-and-play, modular manner.
This three-tiered
product architecture is summarized below:

   The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure.
The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure
brings together data from across the customer's enterprise to create the
customer data model.
This customer data model provides a single point of
contact for customer transactions, affording efficient access to all customer
account information.


Chordiant's Unified Infrastructure integrates and communicates with telephony
equipment, legacy systems and transactional applications.
The Chordiant Unified
Infrastructure enables workflow-driven interfaces and support for electronic
communications, telephony systems and switches, SQL relational databases, back-
office business applications and legacy data warehouses.
As part of the Unified
Infrastructure, Chordiant has developed a unique set of technologies that
incorporate separate object-oriented communications managers for Internet,
e-mail, CTI and fax customer communications.
Each communications manager is
responsible for representing the customer's request to the Chordiant workflow
engine.

   
The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure also hosts persistent data connectors
and data routers, which manage communications between the Chordiant workflow
engine and a company's legacy applications, mainframe databases, relational
databases and data warehouses.
The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure provides
integration capabilities with these legacy database systems and relational
databases, whether they reside locally or are dispersed across the corporate
enterprise network.
Through the persistent data manager and data router,
Chordiant's Unified CRM Infrastructure opens, calls, encapsulates, updates and
manages data resources from one or more databases, providing the complete set
of data and information needed when interacting with a customer.

   
Customers may also license Chordiant's Unified Rules and Unified Workflow
with Chordiant's Unified Infrastructure.
Chordiant Unified Rules and Chordiant
Unified Workflow applications address functionality required by a customer
business analyst who incorporates their company's business processes into the
Chordiant Unified CRM Solution.
The Unified Rules and Workflow allow for the
creation of new business processes or modify existing ones.
By using Unified
Rules, processes can be strung together to provide a fully guided sequence for
complex business process, or a large number of dissimilar transactions or
services.

   
Chordiant's Unified Touch-points.
Chordiant's Unified Touch-points provide a
dynamic interface for creating unique, personalized interactions between the
business and individual.
Individuals may contact companies through this layer
by browser-based HTML/XML, e-mail, fax, telephony and mobile devices.
Internal
customer service representatives respond to each customer contact based upon
the business process, the company's policies for that process and the
customer's unique profile.

   
Chordiant's Unified Response center.
Chordiant's Unified Response center
includes three applications: Live Response, Assisted Response and Automated
Response.
Live Response is the application used by customer service agents.
The
Live Response application uses guided transactions to ensure that the customer
interaction is both personalized and consistent across all touch-points.
Live
Response provides a customer interaction environment that empowers a customer
service agent to provide individualized high-quality sales, support and
service.
Application functionality includes:

  .
Customer Management (create, retrieve, update and delete customer
    information)

  .
Account Management (view, add, delete, update)

  .
Inquiries (directions, assistance)

  .
Service Work (view queues, add activities, transfer work, defer work,
    view activities in process)

  .
Local Administration (change password, modify screen layout)

   
Chordiant's Assisted Response E-mail application routes incoming e-mail to a
queue for assisted response dependent upon on the e-mail content, the customer
profile, or the final results from the query to the Chordiant knowledge base
application.
This approach provides a highly flexible way to manage the routing
of incoming messages dependent upon customer case history and profile.

   
Chordiant's Automated Response E-mail application includes automated e-mail
routing and e-mail response capabilities.
This application will receive
incoming e-mail and compare the e-mail to templates to determine if they should
be automatically responded to, or if the e-mail should be immediately forwarded
to a

customer service agent for assisted response.
When the automated response
feature is enabled, the application will attempt to locate an answer from the
knowledge base application.
If an appropriate answer is found, a return answer
to the customer (via e-mail) will be made and the event will be logged into the
customer's case history.


Customers

   Chordiant targets multinational market leaders in business-to-consumer
industries, particularly companies in the financial services,
telecommunications, travel and leisure and automotive industries.
In the
future, Chordiant plans to expand into the retail and utilities industries.

Below is a list of Chordiant's customers as of December 31, 2000, each of which
during the past two years has purchased $500,000 or more of products from
Chordiant.

  .
Bank One International

  .
British Sky Broadcasting (BskyB)

  .
Barclays Mercantile

  .
Direct Line Group Services Limited

  .
First USA Bank

  .
OnStar, a division of General Motors, Inc.

  .
Lloyds TSB Bank

  .
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company

  .
The Royal Bank of Scotland plc

   A small number of customers account for a significant portion of Chordiant's
total revenues.
As a result, the loss or delay of individual orders or delays
in the product implementations for a customer can have a large impact on
Chordiant's revenues.
In 1998, revenues from KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, Thomas
Cook Global Services, Canadian Tire Acceptance Limited and Chase Manhattan
Mortgage Corporation accounted for 36%, 19%, 14% and 12% of Chordiant's total
net revenues.
In 1999, revenues from Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation and
First USA accounted for 30% and 19% of Chordiant's total net revenues.
For the
year ended December 31, 2000, revenues from Electronic Data Systems
Corporation, Lloyds TSB and Direct Line Group Services Limited accounted for
approximately 30%, 19% and 14%, respectively of Chordiant's total net revenues.

Chordiant expects that revenues from a small number of customers will continue
to account for a majority of Chordiant's total net revenues in the future as
historical implementations are completed and replaced with new projects from
new and existing customers.


Technology

   Chordiant designs and builds products to provide customer relationship
management solutions for large enterprises.
Chordiant's Unified CRM solution
product suite consists of three layers.
These layers are: e-business software
infrastructure, e-business software application code and a software framework,
including several software engines.

   
The first software-layer, the e-business infrastructure, utilizes a four-
tier architecture: (1) delivering functionality to desktop computers, (2)
multiple consumer touch points (Web, e-mail, fax, etc.), (3) corporate
computing centers, and (4) in the data centers and networks of the company.
The
first-tier is used by internal customer service representatives, marketing
professionals, sales and service employees, supervisors, management and other
staff of a company involved with customer contact.
The second-tier is for the
consumers who desire to interact with the company using telephones, Web
browsers or wireless personal digital assistants and mobile devices.
Telephone
calls, e-mails, Web-collaboration and other interactions are managed by

Chordiant's technology in this second-tier.
The third-tier of the architecture
configures and operates the multiple software servers in customer computing
centers.
This third-tier queues, routes, responds, initiates and computes the
business processes and applications, based on distributed information and
processing of business logic.
All customer data comes from the fourth-tier,
where existing corporate company information systems are accessed and data is
integrated with connector architecture including caching and transactions
capabilities.
Underlying this architecture is a persistent data management
system that integrates multiple real time data sources, utilizing object-
computing models.

   
The second software-layer, the Chordiant e-business application code,
implements a wide variety of common functions often used by retail, financial,
insurance, travel and telecommunications industries for customer relationship
management functions.
A flexible object model consisting of common business
fundamentals is contained in this technology layer.
For example, common objects
include establishing the initial customer relationship, taking customer orders,
opening accounts, accessing the customer's case history, fulfilling orders and
case tracking.

   
The third software-layer contains Chordiant's enterprise software framework.

The framework itself implements workload balancing, fail over systems, data
management systems and security systems.
The framework also includes several
software engines used by the first and second software-layers.
These engines
include a workflow system, a business rules system and a knowledge management
system.

   
Applications running in the context of this multi-layer, multi-tier
environment, along with the data management system, object model and the
software engines, assist in delivering distributed customer data throughout the
company to form a single and unified view of a customer.

   
Certain Chordiant products use technology modules from third party
technology providers including Sun Microsystems, IBM and Ilog, Inc.
Chordiant
products are based on open system standards and are designed to be scalable and
integrate with a company's various information technology systems, networks and
telephony systems.
Chordiant's products are based on industry standards
including Java, CORBA, IIOP, RMI and XML.
Chordiant's server software runs on
both UNIX server platforms and Windows NT servers and can be configured for
multiple servers.


Sales and Marketing

   Chordiant licenses its products and sells services primarily through a
direct sales organization which is complemented by the selling and support
efforts of systems integrators and technology vendors.
Chordiant's market focus
is in the business-to-consumer segment of the economy with a targeted effort on
leading consumer focused companies and companies using multiple channels as the
means of conducting business and serving customers.
Chordiant targets its sales
and marketing efforts, together with its product design efforts, on industries
such as retail banking, consumer financial services, telecommunications, travel
and leisure, automotive and retailers.

   
The sales process generally ranges from three to twenty-four months
depending on the level of education that prospective customers need about the
use and benefits of Chordiant's products and the involvement of systems
integrators.
During the sales process, Chordiant typically approaches senior
executive management teams including the senior marketing officer, chief
information officer and chief executive officer of the potential customer.

Chordiant utilizes sales teams consisting of sales and technical professionals
who work with Chordiant's strategic partners to create organization-specific
proposals, presentations and demonstrations that address the specific needs of
each potential customer.

   
Chordiant has sales offices in the greater metropolitan areas of Dallas,
Chicago and New York, and in Cupertino, California, London, England, Munich,
Germany and Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Technical sales consultants provide
pre-sales support to potential customers on product information and deployment
capabilities and complement the direct sales professionals.
Chordiant plans to
significantly expand the size of its direct sales organization and to establish
additional sales offices domestically and internationally.

   
Chordiant focuses its marketing efforts on educating potential customers,
generating new sales opportunities and creating awareness of Chordiant's
products.
Chordiant conducts a variety of marketing programs to educate its
target market, including seminars, trade shows, press relations and industry
analyst programs.

   
Chordiant's marketing organization serves an integral role in acquiring,
organizing and prioritizing customer and industry feedback to help provide
product direction to its development organization.
Chordiant also has a
detailed product management process that surveys customers and identifies
market needs to help predict and prioritize future customer requirements.


Professional Services, Customer Support and Education Services

   Chordiant offers a broad range of customer services including professional
consulting services and product support and training services.
Chordiant
believes that providing a high level of customer service is critical to
achieving rapid product implementation, customer success and continued revenues
growth.

 
Professional Services

   Chordiant's professional services consulting teams assist their customers
and systems integrator partners in the design and implementation of products.

Chordiant's professional services organization deploys consultants as part of
the project team alongside systems integration partners and members of the
customer's internal team to provide technical knowledge, business engineering,
project guidance and quality assessments during the project.
In the design
stage, Chordiant provides a variety of professional services that help
determine a customer's business objectives and the technical requirements of
the application implementation.
In the implementation stage, Chordiant uses a
delivery methodology to assist customers and integration partners in planning
and managing the implementation.
Systems integrators, supported by Chordiant's
consultants, manage the overall project and implement the product with a
customer's existing communications, applications, databases and transaction
systems.
In the final phases of an implementation, the systems integrators
provide education and training to enable a customer's internal team to deploy
the new system, train internal users and assume control over ongoing support.

   
Chordiant's methodology includes:

  .
user requirements and needs analysis;

  .
business engineering consultation;

  .
architectural analysis and performance planning;

  .
project management support services;

  .
engineering support for development and deployment; and

  .
technical support for software integration and communications
    integration.

   
Consulting services provided by Chordiant in the fiscal year ended December
31, 2000 accounted for approximately 35% of Chordiant's total revenues and
support maintenance services provided by Chordiant in the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000 accounted for approximately 12% of Chordiant's total
revenues.

 
Customer Support

   Chordiant's customers have a choice of support and maintenance options
depending on the level of service desired.
Chordiant's technical support is
available to clients by telephone, over the Web and by e-mail.
The company
maintains a technical support hotline staffed by engineers from 8:00 a.m. to
9:00 p.m., Eastern time, Monday through Friday, from its corporate headquarters
in Cupertino, California and local support during business hours for European
customers from London, England.
An optional premium service is available

providing technical support 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Additionally,
Chordiant provides product enhancement releases to all customers as part of
their support and maintenance contract.
Chordiant uses a customer service
automation system to track each customer inquiry until it is resolved.

Chordiant also makes use of its Website and a secured customer forum to
provide product information and technical support information worldwide 24
hours a day, seven days a week.

 
Educational Services

   Chordiant provides educational services to train and enable its systems
integrators and customers to use Chordiant's products.
Chordiant offers a
comprehensive series of training modules to provide the knowledge and skills
to successfully deploy, use and maintain the company's products.
These
training courses focus on the technical aspects of Chordiant's products as
well as business issues and processes.
A complete set of modules covering
business engineering, project management and development engineering are
available.
Training courses can be provided on-site for a custom session at a
fee and are regularly scheduled through classroom and lab instruction at the
company's Cupertino, California corporate headquarters, and at its London,
England offices for European systems integrators and customers.


Product Development

   Chordiant has made substantial investments in research and development
through internal development and technology licensing.
Chordiant's product
development efforts are focused on extending Chordiant's software
infrastructure, CRM business services and application functionality, self-
service and Web-based collaboration functionality, and continued integration
of key industry-specific transaction systems and services.

   
Chordiant's product development resources are organized into a number of
development teams including:

  .
system services and workflow development;

  .
business services and application functionality and design;

  .
tools and Internet development;

  .
enterprise integration;

  .
documentation; and

  .
quality assurances.

   
Chordiant's software and Internet applications teams have extensive
experience in object oriented development, data management, workflow
engineering, Java programming and Internet technologies.
Chordiant's research
and development expenditures before the effect of non-cash compensation
expense and purchased in-process research and development were $5.9 million in
fiscal year 1998, $6.5 million in fiscal year 1999, and $14.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000.


Strategic Relationships

   To enhance the productivity of Chordiant's sales and service organizations,
Chordiant has established relationships with systems integrators,
complementary technology providers and alternative service providers.

 
Systems integrators

   Chordiant has established relationships and trained professionals at a
number of systems integrators including: Accenture (formerly known as Andersen
Consulting); Computer Sciences Corporation; Electronic Data Systems
Corporation and Logica plc.
Chordiant plans to expand these relationships to
increase its capacity to sell and implement its products.
Chordiant has
trained a significant number of consultants in these organizations for the
implementation and support of its products.
Chordiant believes that expanding
its relationships with systems integrators and independent consulting firms
will enable the company to gain a greater share of emerging markets more
rapidly.

 
Complementary technology providers

   Chordiant designs products to be based on industry standards and
technologies, and to support a number of key software platforms.
Chordiant has
relationships with:

  .
IBM Software for IBM Visual Age and MQ series development tools and
    interface software and support;

  .
Sun Microsystems for Java and Forte developments tools in support of
    Chordiant's enterprise data and transaction management services;

  .
Oracle Corporation and Sybase, Inc., providers of industry-standard
    relational databases;

  .
Cisco Systems, Inc., Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc. and
    Lucent Technologies, Inc., providers of telephony equipment and software
    interfaces; and

  .
Ilog, Inc. a software provider of resource optimization and business
    rules technology.


Competition

   The market for Chordiant's products is new and rapidly evolving, and is
highly competitive.
The competitive landscape is rapidly evolving to address
the convergence of e-business services and customer interaction applications.

To realize the potential of this convergence, companies must be able to offer
personalized marketing and sales and extend e-business services to all points
of customer contact.
This must be done through an integrated system and
customer data model tailored by each company to meet its specific customer
requirements.

   
Chordiant faces three main sources of competition:

  .
custom-built solutions;

  .
vendors with help desk, field service, call center or sales force
    automation products; and

  .
vendors of enterprise resource planning products.

   
There is no one competitor, nor is there a small number of competitors, that
are dominant in Chordiant's market.

 
Custom-Built Solutions

   Existing enterprise systems supporting branch and call centers have
historically been custom built by professional services organizations or
internally developed.
Custom development has the inherent limitation of being a
high cost alternative because it relies on building the entire solution from
scratch and the resulting configuration is difficult to upgrade to take
advantage of new requirements and channels of communication such as the
Internet.
Chordiant expects that internal development will continue to be a
significant source of competition.

 
Stand-Alone Solution Vendors

   Chordiant competes with providers of stand-alone solutions for Web based
customer relationship management, such as E.piphany, Inc. and Kana
Communications, Inc.
Chordiant also competes against traditional client/server-
based, call center service customer and salesforce automation solutions, such
as Siebel Systems, Inc., Nortel Networks Corporation (including Clarify Inc.)
and Pegasystems Inc.
Most point application providers started with a single
application focus, such as service, salesforce automation or help desks, and
then added additional software modules addressing other needs, such as e-mail,
field service or quality tracking.
Although these vendors have started to
pursue the enterprise-wide opportunity of providing enterprise-wide solutions
and services to all points of customer contact, their lack of multi-channel
integration, real time data models for integration of multiple data sources and
lack of personalization capability and their client/server architecture are
limitations.

 
Enterprise Application Vendors

   Chordiant anticipates competitive offerings and consolidation from several
major enterprise software developers, such as Oracle, PeopleSoft Inc., IBM and
SAP.
Chordiant expects enterprise resource planning software vendors to acquire
and integrate point solutions as they approach different segments of the e-
business and customer relationship management markets.

 
Other Potential Competitors

   The telephony market for equipment and software is in the midst of a major
transition from proprietary systems to open software applications running on
commodity hardware.
Software acquisitions by traditional telephony vendors,
such as Lucent Technologies' purchase of Mosaix, Inc. and Nortel Networks'
purchase of Clarify are examples of the desire to move from hardware platforms
into software applications.
Examples of companies providing middleware in
support of computer and telephony integration are Genesys Telecommunications
Laboratories and Geotel Communications Corporation, purchased by Cisco Systems.

Providers of client/server and mainframe call center systems include
Pegasystems for financial services and IMA and Quintus for outsourcers and call
centers.
These companies have not historically provided enterprise level
software infrastructure and customer management applications but may in the
future.

   
Chordiant believes that the principal competitive factors in the company's
market include:

  .
the breadth and depth of solutions;

  .
product quality and performance;

  .
relationships with systems integrators;

  .
the ability to implement solutions;

  .
establishment of a significant base of reference customers;

  .
the ability of products to operate with multiple software applications;

  .
customer service; and

  .
product price.

   
Although Chordiant believes that its product competes favorably with these
factors, Chordiant's market is relatively new and is evolving rapidly.

Chordiant may not be able to maintain its competitive position against current
and potential competitors, especially those with significantly greater
financial and personnel resources.


Intellectual Property and Propriety Rights

   Chordiant's success is dependent upon its ability to develop and protect
proprietary technology and intellectual proprietary rights.
Chordiant relies
primarily on a combination of contractual provisions, confidentiality
procedures, trade secrets, and copyright and trademark laws to accomplish these
goals.

   
Chordiant licenses its product through non-exclusive license agreements that
impose restrictions on customers' ability to utilize the software.
In addition,
Chordiant seeks to avoid disclosure of its trade secrets, including requiring
employees, customers and others with access to Chordiant's proprietary
information to execute confidentiality agreements with Chordiant and
restricting access to Chordiant's source code.
Chordiant also seeks to protect
its rights in its products, documentation and other written materials under
trade secret and copyright laws.
Due to rapid technological change, Chordiant
believes that factors such as the technological and creative skills of its
personnel, new product developments and enhancements to its existing products
are more important than the various legal protections of its technology to
establishing and maintaining a technology leadership position.

   
Chordiant integrates third party software into its products.
This third
party software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable
terms or at all.
In particular, Chordiant licenses Forte Tool and related Forte
products from Forte Software.
If Chordiant cannot maintain licenses to the
Forte products or other key third party software, shipments of Chordiant's
products could be delayed until equivalent software is developed or licensed
and integrated into Chordiant's products.
Moreover, although Chordiant is
generally indemnified against claims if technology licensed from third parties
infringes the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, this
indemnification is not always available for all types of intellectual property
and proprietary rights and in some cases the scope of this indemnification is
limited.
There can be no assurance that infringement or invalidity claims
arising from the incorporation of third-party technology or claims for
indemnification from Chordiant's customers resulting from these claims will not
be asserted or prosecuted against Chordiant.
These claims, even if not
meritorious, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and
managerial resources in addition to potential product redevelopment costs and
delays.

   
Despite Chordiant's efforts to protect its proprietary rights, existing laws
afford only limited protection.
Attempts may be made to copy or reverse
engineer aspects of Chordiant's products or to obtain and use information that
Chordiant regards as proprietary.
There can be no assurance that Chordiant will
be able to protect Chordiant's proprietary rights against unauthorized third
party copying or use.
Use by others of Chordiant's proprietary rights could
materially harm Chordiant's business.
Furthermore, policing the unauthorized
use of Chordiant's products is difficult and expensive litigation may be
necessary in the future to enforce Chordiant's intellectual property rights.

   
It is also possible that third parties will claim that Chordiant has
infringed their current or future products.
Chordiant expects that software
developers will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of
products in different industry segments overlap.
Any claims, with or without
merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, prevent product
shipment, cause delays, or require Chordiant to enter into royalty or licensing
agreements, any of which could harm its business.
Patent litigation in
particular has complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties.
If an
infringement claim against the company was successful and it could not obtain a
license on acceptable terms, license a substitute technology or redesign to
avoid infringement, Chordiant's business would be harmed.


Employees

   As of December 31, 2000, Chordiant employed 250 full time employees.
Of that
total, 84 were primarily engaged in product development, engineering or systems
engineering, 57 were engaged in sales and marketing, 78 were engaged in
professional services and 31 were engaged in operational, financial and
administrative functions.

   
None of Chordiant's employees are represented by a labor union and Chordiant
has never experienced a work stoppage.
Chordiant believes that its relations
with its employees are good.


Facilities

   Chordiant's headquarters are located in offices that are approximately
31,000 square feet in Cupertino, California pursuant to an office lease
expiring in July 2004.
Chordiant also leases office space in New York, New
York; Mahwah, New Jersey; Irving, Texas; Chicago, Illinois; Manchester, New
Hampshire; London, England; Neu-Isenberg, Germany; Munich, Germany and
Amsterdam, the Netherlands.


Legal Proceedings

   Chordiant is not a party to any material legal proceedings.
Chordiant may be
subject to various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of
business.

                           
CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

   
You should read the following selected financial data in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and related notes of Chordiant and
"Chordiant Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 are derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1996 and 1997 and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 1996, 1997 and 1998 are derived from audited consolidated
financial statements not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The diluted net loss per share computation excludes potential shares of common
stock (preferred stock, options and warrants to purchase common stock and
common stock subject to repurchase rights that Chordiant holds), since their
effect would be antidilutive.
See the notes to Chordiant's consolidated
financial statements for a detailed explanation of the determination of the
shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share.
Chordiant's
historical results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected
for future periods.

                                    
Year-Ended December 31,
                          -----------------------------------------------
                           1996      1997      1998      1999      2000
                          -------  
--------  --------  --------  
--------

Consolidated Statement
 of Operations Data:
Net revenues:
 License................  $    --  $  1,142  $  4,360  $  8,007  $ 16,896
 Service................    2,312     1,766     8,105     9,581    16,793
                          -------  --------  
--------  --------  
--------
   Total net revenues...    2,312     2,908    12,465    17,588    33,689
                          -------  
--------  --------  --------  
--------
Cost of net revenues:
 License................       --        73       425       397       912
 Service................    2,353     1,462     8,947    14,352    17,510
 Non-cash compensation
  expense...............       --       129       127       692     2,040
                          -------  --------  --------  --------  --------
   Total cost of net
    revenues............    
2,353     1,664     9,499    15,441    20,462
                          -------  
--------  --------  --------  
--------
Gross profit (loss).....      (41)    1,244     2,966     2,147    13,227
                          -------  --------  --------  --------  
--------
Operating expenses:
Sales and marketing:
 Non-cash compensation
  expense ..............       --       125       122       739     1,488
 Other sales and
  marketing.............    
1,140     5,142    12,580    13,368    22,442
Research and
 development:
 Non-cash compensation
  expense ..............       --       158       155       846     2,039
 Other research and
  development...........    4,598     6,240     5,858     6,494    14,437
 Purchased in-process
  research and
  development...........       --        --        --        --     4,234
General and
 administrative:
 Non-cash compensation
  expense...............        3        86        85       383       689
 Other general and
  administrative........    1,860     1,416     2,046     2,668     5,493
Amortization of
 intangible assets .....       --        --        --        --       802
                          -------  
--------  --------  --------  
--------
   Total operating
    expenses............    
7,601    13,167    20,846    24,498    51,604
                          -------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Loss from operations....   (7,642)  (11,923)  (17,880)  (22,351)  (38,377)
Interest expense........      (55)     (112)     (121)   (1,067)     (269)
Interest income and
 other income, net......      135       442       561       281     3,290
                          -------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Net loss................  $(7,562) $(11,593) $(17,440) $(23,137) $(35,356)
                          -------  
--------  --------  --------  
--------
Net loss per share:
 Basic and diluted......  $ (1.51) $  (2.31) $  (3.44) $  (4.34) $  (1.05)
                          =======  ========  ========  ========  ========
 Weighted average shares
  used in computing
  basic and diluted net
  loss per share........    5,002     5,009     5,075     5,327    33,690
                          =======  ========  ========  ========  ========

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                            As of December 31,
                                -----------------------------------------------
                                 1996      1997      1998      1999      2000
                                -------  
--------  --------  --------  
--------

Consolidated Balance Sheet
 Data:
Cash and cash equivalents.....  $ 2,678  $ 18,916  $  1,713  $  6,719  $ 41,465
Working capital (deficit).....   (1,368)    7,767   (10,162)    1,833    60,529
Total assets..................    
7,282    21,360    11,521    22,086   107,448
Short-term and long-term
 borrowings...................    1,045     1,268     1,687    13,225       595
Short-term and long-term
 deferred revenue.............    4,179    10,487     5,719    10,196    30,045
Mandatorily redeemable
 convertible preferred stock..    9,047    28,949    28,949    51,609       --
Stockholders' equity
 (deficit)....................   (9,586)  (20,682)  (37,604)  (57,782)   63,320

   CHORDIANT MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
                           RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

   
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, relating to Chordiant's operations that
are based on its management's current expectations, estimates and projections
about the company and the e-commerce industry, including, without limitation,
forward-looking statements that are generally identified by words such as
"expects," "anticipates," "intends," "believe," "hopes," "assumes,"
"estimates," "projects," "plans," and other similar words and expressions.

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Further,
Chordiant may make forward-looking statements that are based upon assumptions
as to future events that may not prove to be accurate.
Factors that might cause
such a difference include, among other things, those set forth under
"Overview," "Results of Operations," "Net Revenues," "Cost of Net Revenues,"
"Operating Expenses," "Interest and other Income, net, and Interest Expense,"
"Provision for Income Taxes," "Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Risk
Factors" included in these sections or appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from
what is expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements.
Chordiant
undertakes no obligation, and does not intend, to update or revise any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, or to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions
affecting forward-looking statements.
In evaluating Chordiant's business,
prospective investors should carefully consider the information set forth in
the section entitled "Risk Factors" set forth elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
Chordiant cautions investors that its business and
financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.


Overview

   Chordiant provides software that is designed for global consumer businesses
serving the needs of one-to-one relationships in industries such as banking,
financial services, insurance, telecommunications, travel and leisure, and
other markets with diverse sets of customers and products.
Chordiant's products
are a suite of applications that enables companies to quickly access the right
information and apply a common set of business rules across multiple contact
channels to maximize customer retention and satisfaction.
It applies
personalized business processes to business transactions in a consistent
manner, no matter where the interaction occurs.
It allows companies to
implement a solution across a wide range of devices such as Internet Websites,
in-car concierge systems, wireless application protocol enabled devices that
support mobile Internet phones and personal digital appliance devices,
traditional call centers and retail sites.

   
Chordiant was incorporated in California in March 1991 and was
reincorporated in Delaware in October 1997.
Before 1997, Chordiant was
primarily engaged in custom consulting services.
Chordiant released the first
version of its product suite in September 1997.
With the release of this
product suite, Chordiant accelerated the development of its sales and marketing
organizations.

   
Chordiant derives revenues primarily from licenses of its software and from
related services, which include implementation, consulting, customization and
integration, post-contract customer support and training.
Its products are
typically licensed directly to customers for a perpetual term, with pricing
based on the number of servers and the number of users.

   
On contracts involving significant implementation or customization essential
to the functionality of its products, Chordiant recognizes license and service
revenues under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting using labor
hours worked as the measure of progress towards completion.
Chordiant
classifies revenues from these arrangements as license and service revenues
based upon the estimated fair value of each element.
Provisions for estimated
contract losses are recognized in the period in which the loss becomes probable
and can be reasonably estimated.
When Chordiant sells existing customers
additional seats, revenue for the license of the additional seats is recognized
at either the go-live date or the delivery date, whichever is later.

   
On contracts not involving significant implementation or customization
essential to the functionality of its products, Chordiant recognizes license
revenues when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed
and determinable, there is probability of collection and delivery has occurred.

For arrangements with multiple elements, Chordiant recognizes revenues for the
delivered elements based upon the residual contract value as prescribed by
Statement of Position No. 98-9, "Modification of SOP No. 97-2 with Respect to
Certain Transactions.
"

   In situations in which Chordiant is not responsible for implementation
services but is obligated to provide unspecified additional software products
in the future, Chordiant recognizes revenue as a subscription ratably over the
term of the commitment period.

   
Chordiant recognizes service revenues from consulting and training services
as these services are performed.
It recognizes service revenues from post-
contract customer support ratably over the contractual support term, generally
one year.

   
In the future, Chordiant expects to derive revenues from contracts that
provide for implementation services at a fixed hourly rate.
On other contracts,
Chordiant expects to derive revenues from the licensing of the installed
product on a per transaction basis.
In connection with these types of
arrangements, Chordiant will recognize the fair value of the implementation
services as the services are delivered and will recognize license fees on a
monthly basis at the contractual rate.

   
Chordiant bills customers according to contract terms.
Chordiant records as
deferred revenues amounts billed to customers in excess of revenues recognized.

   
Service revenues as a percentage of total revenues were 65%, 54% and 50% for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000, respectively.
To help
ensure the success of early product deployments by customers, in early 1998
Chordiant began establishing a significant service organization.
The
organization assists customers, and third parties such as system integrators,
in the design and implementation of Chordiant's products.
Since service
revenues have a lower gross margin than license revenues, this service activity
resulted in reduced overall gross margins.
Since the fourth quarter of 1998,
Chordiant engaged third parties to provide services to customers, who then
billed Chordiant for their services.
As a result of using third party
resources, revenues from these contracts generated small gross margins.
As a
result of expansion of its service organization and use of system integrators
that bill its customers directly for services, Chordiant believes that its use
of third party service providers will decline substantially in future periods.

Chordiant expects that service revenue will continue to represent over 40% of
total revenues.

   
Chordiant sells its products through its direct sales force, and augments
its sales efforts through relationships with system integrators, application
service providers and technology vendors.

   
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, revenues were
derived from customer accounts in the United States, United Kingdom, South
Africa, Germany, Canada and the Netherlands.
For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, international revenues were $9.7 million,
$6.6 million and $25.8 million or approximately 78%, 38%, and 77% of
Chordiant's total net revenues, respectively.
Chordiant believes international
revenues will continue to represent a significant portion of its total revenues
in future periods.

   
A small number of customers account for a significant portion of Chordiant's
total net revenues.
As a result, the loss or delay of individual orders or
delays in the product implementations for a customer can have a material impact
on its revenues.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, revenues from EDS,
Lloyds TSB and Direct Line Group Services Limited accounted for approximately
30%, 19% and 14% of its total net revenues, respectively.
For the year ended
December 31, 1999, revenues from Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation, First
USA and EDS accounted for 30%, 19% and 15% of its total net revenues,
respectively.
Chordiant expects that revenues from a small number of customers
will continue to account for a majority of its total net revenues in the future
as historical implementations are completed and replaced with new projects from
new and existing customers.

   
Since its inception, Chordiant has incurred substantial research and
development costs and has invested heavily in the expansion of its product
development, sales, marketing and professional services organizations in order
to build an infrastructure to support its long-term growth strategy.
The number
of Chordiant's fulltime employees increased from 118 at December 31, 1998, to
144 at December 31, 1999, to 250 at December 31, 2000, representing increases
of approximately 22% and 74%, respectively.
Chordiant anticipates that its
operating expenses will continue to increase as it expands its product
development, sales and marketing and professional services organization.

Chordiant expects to incur net losses in the future.

   
Chordiant believes that period-to-period comparisons of its operating
results are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicative of
future performance.
Chordiant's prospects must be considered given the risks,
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in early stages
of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving businesses.

There can be no assurance Chordiant will be successful in addressing these
risks and difficulties.
In addition, although Chordiant has experienced revenue
growth recently, this trend may not continue.
In addition, Chordiant may not
achieve or maintain profitability in the future.


Results of Operations

   The following table provides the percentage of Chordiant's total net
revenues represented by each for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000.
This information has been derived from the consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The
following table sets forth, as a percentage of total net revenues, consolidated
statements of operations data for the periods indicated:

                                   Year ended
                                  December 31,
                                 
------------------
                                 1998   1999   2000
                                 ----   ----   
----

   As a Percentage of Total Net
    Revenues:
   Net revenues:
     
License--third parties....    35 %   34 %   32 %
     License--related parties..     0     12     18
     Service--third parties....    
64     51     12
     Service--related parties..     1      3     38
                                 ----   ----   
----
   Total net revenues..........   100    100    100
                                 ----   
----   ----
   Cost of net revenues
     License--third parties....     3      1      3
     License--related parties..     0      1      0
     Service--third parties....    71     80     47
     Service--related parties..     1      2      5
     Non-cash compensation
      expense..................     1      4      6
                                 ----   ----   
----
   Total costs of net
    revenues...................    
76     88     61
                                 ----   ----   
----
   Gross profit................    24     12     39
                                 ----   
----   ----
   Operating expenses:
    Sales and marketing:
     
Non-cash compensation
      expense..................     1      4      4
     Other sales and
      marketing................   101     76     67
    Research and development:
     
Non-cash compensation
      expense..................     1      5      6
     Other research and
      development..............    
47     37     43
     Purchased in-process
      research and
      development..............     0      0     13
    General and administrative:
     Non-cash compensation
      expense..................     1      2      2
     Other general and
      administrative...........    16     15     16
    Amortization of
     intangibles...............     0      0      2
                                 ----   
----   ----
       Total operating
        expenses...............   167    139    153
                                 ----   
----   ----
   Loss from operations........  (143)  (127)  (114)
   Interest expense............    (1)    (6)    (1)
   Interest income and other
    income, net................     4      1     10
                                 ----   
----   ----
   Net loss....................  
(140)% (132)% (105)%
                                 ====   ====   ====

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 1999 and 2000

Net Revenues

   License.
License revenues consist of licenses of Chordiant's e-business
infrastructure software.
License revenues increased from $8.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999 to $16.9 million, or approximately 111%, for the
year ended December 31, 2000.
The revenue increase was primarily due to the
growth in the number of product implementations by new and existing customers
and higher average transaction size.
Chordiant's average transaction size has
increased due to deployments by its customers to larger numbers of users.

   
Service.
Service revenues consist of consulting assistance and
implementation, customization and integration and post-contract customer
support and training.
Service revenues increased from $9.6 million for the year
ended December 31,1999 to $16.8 million, or approximately 75%, for the year
ended December 31, 2000.
The revenue increase was primarily due to a
continuation in large customer implementations as well as maintenance, support
and consulting revenues associated with license agreements signed in earlier
periods.


Cost of Net Revenues

   License.
Cost of net license revenues consists primarily of royalty payments
to third parties, primarily Forte Software, for technology incorporated into
Chordiant's products.
Chordiant expects the relationship with Forte Software to
continue for at least the next twelve months.
Cost of net license revenues
increased from $397,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $912,000, or
approximately 130%, for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The cost of net
license revenues increase was primarily due to the growth in the number of
product implementations by new and existing customers and higher average
transaction size.

   
Service.
Cost of service revenues consist primarily of salaries, facility
costs and payments to third-party consultants incurred in providing customer
support, training and implementation services.
Cost of net service revenues,
before the effect of non-cash compensation expense, increased from $14.4
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $17.5 million, or approximately
22%, for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase in absolute dollars was
primarily due to increased staff to support a higher number of product-related
engagements.
Chordiant expects that the cost of net service revenues will
continue to increase in dollar amounts as it continues to expand its
professional services organization to meet anticipated customer demand.


Operating Expenses

   Sales and marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist of salaries,
commissions, field office expenses, travel and entertainment, promotional
expenses and allocated facility costs.
Sales and marketing expenses, before the
effect of non-cash compensation expense, increased from $13.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999 to $22.4 million, or approximately 67%, for the
year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase in these expenses were mainly
attributable to increases of $6.3 million in personnel expenses, $700,000 in
allocated depreciation and overhead costs and $2.0 million in marketing and
advertising costs.
Chordiant expects that sales and marketing expenses will
continue to increase in dollar amounts as it continues to expand its sales and
marketing efforts through the establishment of additional United States and
international sales offices and increased promotional activities.

   
Research and development.
Research and development expenses include costs
associated with the development and enhancement of Chordiant's products,
quality assurance activities and allocated facility costs.
These costs consist
primarily of employee salaries, benefits and the cost of consulting resources
that supplement its internal development team.
Due to the relatively short time
between the date Chordiant's products achieve technological feasibility and the
date its products become generally available to customers, costs subject to
capitalization under SFAS No. 86 have been immaterial and have been expensed as
incurred.
Research and development expenses and purchased in-process research
and development, before the effect of non-cash compensation expense, increased
from $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $14.4 million, or
approximately 122%, for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase was
mainly due to an increase of $6.6 million in personnel related expenses and
$1.3 million in allocated depreciation and overhead costs.
Chordiant
anticipates that it will continue to devote substantial resources to research
and development and that these expenses will continue to increase in dollar
amounts.

   
Purchased in-process research and development.
In-process research and
development expense represents technology acquired that on the date of
acquisition, the technology had not achieved technological feasibility and
there was no alternative future use based on the state of development.
The
product under development may not achieve commercial viability.
Accordingly,
the amount of acquired in-process research and development of $4.2 million was
immediately expensed, of which $700,000 was attributable to the

acquisition of White Spider.
The nature of the efforts required to develop the
purchased in-process research and development into a commercially viable
product principally relate to the completion of all planning, designing,
prototyping, verification and testing activities that are necessary to
establish that the product can be produced to meet its designed specifications,
including functions, features and technical performance requirements.

   
In 1998, Chordiant entered into a license for its products and related
service agreements with Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation.
In 2000, Chase
alleged a breach of the agreements between the parties.
At December 31, 1999,
Chordiant's outstanding receivable balance from Chase was $1.7 million.
On
March 1, 2000, Chordiant agreed with Chase to terminate the existing agreements
between them, and Chase agreed to pay Chordiant the $1.7 million receivable
balance under the agreements as of December 31, 1999.
The parties also entered
into a separate agreement whereby Chase transferred to Chordiant ownership of
certain technology and intellectual property developed by the parties under
their prior agreements.
Chordiant intends to use this technology to add
additional functionality to its core products as well as develop and market a
credit and collections application for the financial services industry.

Chordiant agreed to pay Chase $3.5 million for the intellectual property rights
to the technology.
Chase retains an option to purchase a license to the credit
and collections application when it is made commercially available by
Chordiant.
Chase has also agreed to assist Chordiant by providing certain
consulting services in designing the application.
This acquired technology was
still in development on March 1, 2000 so the entire $3.5 million paid by
Chordiant to Chase was expensed by Chordiant as in-process research and
development.

   
The value of the purchase in-process research and development was determined
by estimating the projected net cash flows related to the product, determined
based upon Chordiant's estimates of costs to complete the development of the
technology and the future revenue to be earned upon commercialization of the
products.
The estimated stage of completion (expressed as a percentage of
completion) for each project was calculated and then was applied to the net
cash flows for the product.
The cash flows were then discounted back to their
net present value.

   
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist of
salaries for administrative, executive and finance personnel, recruiting costs,
information systems costs, professional service fees and allocated facility
costs.
These expenses, before the effect of non-cash compensation expense,
increased from $2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $5.5
million, or 104%, for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase in these
expenses was mainly attributable to increases of $1.8 million in personnel
related expenses and $1.0 million in professional service fees due to an
increase in outside contractor expenses associated with increased recruiting
efforts and expanded human resources programs.
Chordiant believes that its
general and administrative expenses will continue to increase in dollar amounts
as a result of its growing operations.

   
Amortization of stock-based compensation.
Amortization of stock-based
compensation is allocated as non-cash compensation expense to the respective
amounts in cost of net revenues, sales and marketing, research and development
and general and administrative expense and includes the amortization of
unearned employee stock-based compensation and expenses for stock granted to
consultants in exchange for services.
Employee stock-based compensation expense
is amortized over a four year vesting schedule using the multiple option
approach.
In connection with the grant of some employee stock options,
Chordiant recorded aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expenses of
$11.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 and $4.7 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000.
The amount recorded in fiscal year 2000 included
$2.0 million associated with the acquisition of White Spider.
Stock-based
compensation included in operating expenses totaled $2.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999 and $6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.

   Amortization of intangibles.
Amortization of intangibles for the year ended
December 31, 2000 was $802,000.
Chordiant recorded intangibles in the amount of
$5.4 million of which $5.2 million was attributed to goodwill, during the year
ended December 31, 2000 due to the July 2000 purchase of White Spider.

Intangible assets for the White Spider acquisition are being amortized over a
period of three years.


Interest and other Income, net, and Interest Expense

   Interest and other income, net, and interest expense consists primarily of
interest income generated from Chordiant's cash, cash equivalents and short-
term investments, interest expense incurred in connection with outstanding
borrowings, foreign currency gains and losses and other non-operating income
and expenses.
Interest expense decreased from $1.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 to $269,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The
decrease is due primarily to decreased borrowings.
Interest and other income,
net increased from $281,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $3.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase is primarily
attributable to increased interest income earned on Chordiant's cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments, which grew significantly following the
completion of its initial public offering in February 2000.
Additionally,
within the net increase of $3.3 million for other income for the year ended
December 31, 2000 is a loss of approximately $500,000 attributable to foreign
exchange transaction losses.


Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 1998 and 1999

Net Revenues

   License.
License revenues increased from $4.4 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1998 to $8.0 million or approximately 82% for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1999, due to the growth in the number of product
implementations by new customers and higher average transaction size.

Chordiant's average transaction size has increased due to deployments by its
customers to larger numbers of users.

   
Service.
Service revenues increased from $8.1 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1998 to $9.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999.
The service revenue increase in 1999 was primarily due to a continuation
in large customer implementations as well as maintenance, support and
consulting revenues associated with license agreements signed in earlier
periods.


Cost of Net Revenues

   License.
Cost of license revenues consist primarily of royalty payments to
third parties for technology incorporated into Chordiant's products.
Chordiant
began paying royalties for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997.

   
Service.
Cost of service revenue was $8.9 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1998 and $14.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 and 1999, Chordiant hired
a number of additional service personnel in anticipation of supporting a larger
customer base in future periods.
These increased investment efforts to meet
anticipated customer demand resulted in negative gross margins from service
revenues for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999.


Operating Expenses

   Sales and marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses, before the effect of non-
cash compensation expense, increased from $12.6 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1998 to $13.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999.
The increase of $788,000 in these expenses for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999, as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 was
attributable to a $1.4 million increase in personnel expenses, offset by a
decrease in $612,000 of advertising cost.

   
Research and development.
Research and development expenses, before the
effect of non-cash compensation expense, increased from $5.9 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 to $6.5 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999.
The increase of $600,000 in these expenses for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1999 as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31,
1998 was attributable to an increase of $350,000 in personnel expenses and an
increase of $250,000 in overhead costs.

   
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses, before the
effect of non-cash compensation expense increased from $2.0 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 to $2.7 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999.
The increase of $700,000 in these expenses for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1999 as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31,
1998 was attributable to increases in personnel related expenses in connection
with additional finance, executive and information services and an increase in
outside contractor expenses associated with increased recruiting efforts and
expanded human resources programs.

   
In connection with the grant of some employee stock options, Chordiant
recorded an aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense of $11.3
million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.
Stock-based compensation
totalling $489,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 and $2.7 million
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 was allocated to the respective
amounts in cost of net revenues, sales and marketing, research and development
and general and administrative.


Interest and other Income, net, and Interest Expense

   Interest and other income, net decreased from $561,000 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1998 to $281,000 for the fiscal year and December 31, 1999.

Interest expense increased from $121,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999 to $1,067,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase in
interest expense was attributable to an increase in borrowings.


Provision for Income Taxes

   Chordiant has not generated taxable income since inception and, as a result,
no provision for income taxes was recorded during the periods presented.
Its
deferred tax assets primarily consist of net operating loss carryforwards,
nondeductible allowances and research and development tax credits.
Chordiant
has recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of its net deferred tax
assets, as the future realization of the tax benefit is not considered by
management to be more-likely-than-not.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Since inception, Chordiant has financed its operations primarily through
private sales of common and preferred stock, with net proceeds totaling $51.6
million, through the sale of $10.0 million in convertible debentures, and
through the issuance of 4,925,000 shares of Chordiant common stock to the
public from which Chordiant raised approximately $80.4 million in net proceeds.

   
Net cash used in operating activities was $14.6 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1998, $27.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999 and $17.1 million, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

   
Net cash used in investing activities was $3.1 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1998, $1.9 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999 and $28.1 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
Investing
activities consist primarily of purchases of property and equipment and net
proceeds from transactions involving Chordiant's short-term investments.

   
Net cash generated from financing activities was $448,000 for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1998, $34.5 million for the fiscal year ended December
31, 1999 and $80.1 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
Net
cash generated from financing activities consisted primarily of net proceeds
from the issuance of preferred stock and proceeds from the issuance of common
stock through an initial public offering and borrowings.

   
On August 2, 2000, Chordiant committed to new terms and conditions for a new
line of credit composed of two elements, an accounts receivable line and an
equipment line.

   
Under the new terms and conditions of the accounts receivable line, the
total amount of the line of credit is $11.5 million.
At Chordiant's option,
borrowings under the accounts receivable line of credit will bear

interest either at the lending bank's prime rate or the LIBOR Option (1,2,3 or
6 month maturity) plus 2.50 basis points.
The accounts receivable line is
limited to 80% of eligible accounts receivable.
There was no borrowing
outstanding at December 31, 2000 under the line of credit.

   
Borrowings under Chordiant's $3.4 million equipment line bear interest at
the lending bank's prime rate.
Borrowings outstanding under the equipment line
were $595,000 at December 31, 2000.

   
Chordiant's assets secure borrowings under both lines of credit.
The lines
of credit require Chordiant to maintain a minimum quick ratio of 2.50 to 1.00,
a tangible net worth of at least $25.0 million plus 60% of the proceeds of any
public stock offerings and subordinated debt issuance, and certain other
covenants.

   
Chordiant expects to continue to experience growth in its operating
expenses.
Chordiant anticipates that operating expenses and planned capital
expenditures will continue to be a material use of its cash resources.
In
addition, Chordiant may utilize cash resources to fund acquisitions or
investments in other businesses, technologies or product lines.
Chordiant
believes that available cash and cash equivalents and the net proceeds from the
sale of equity securities this year will be sufficient to meet its working
capital and operating expense requirements for at least the next 12 months.

After that period, Chordiant may require additional funds to support its
working capital and operating expense requirements or for other purposes and
may seek to raise these additional funds through public or private debt or
equity financings.
There can be no assurance that this additional financing
will be available, or if available, will be on reasonable terms.


Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities."
SFAS No. 133
establishes a new model for accounting for derivatives and hedging activities
and supercedes and amends a number of existing accounting standards.
SFAS No.
133 requires that all derivatives be recognized in the balance sheet at their
fair market value and the corresponding derivative gains or losses be either
reported in the statement of operations or as a deferred item depending on the
type of hedge relationship that exists with respect to any derivatives.
In July
1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 137, "Accounting
for Derivatives Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of Effective Date
of FASB Statement No. 133."
SFAS No. 137 deferred the effective date until
fiscal years commencing after June 15, 2000.
Chordiant will adopt SFAS No. 133
in its quarter ending March 31, 2001.
Chordiant does not believe that the
pronouncement will have a material impact on its financial condition or results
of operations as currently conducted.

   
In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"), "Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements."
SAB 101 summarizes certain of the SEC's views in
applying generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in
financial statements.
In June 2000, the SEC issued SAB 101B to defer the
effective date of implementation of SAB 101 until the fourth quarter of fiscal
2000.
The adoption of SAB 101 did not have a material effect on Chordiant's
financial position or results of operations.


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Chordiant's Market Risk

   Chordiant is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, foreign
currency fluctuations, and change in the market values of its investments.

   
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Rate Risk.
Chordiant's exposure to market
rate risk due to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the company's
investment portfolio.
Chordiant has not used derivative financial instruments
in Chordiant's investment portfolio.
Chordiant invests Chordiant's excess cash
in debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, and in high-
quality corporate issuers and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure
to any one issuer.
Chordiant protects and preserves Chordiant's invested funds
by limiting default, market and reinvestment risk.
Chordiant's interest income
is sensitive to changes in the general

level of U.S. interest rates, particularly since the majority of Chordiant's
investments are in short-term instruments.
Due to the short-term nature of
Chordiant's investments, Chordiant believes that there is no material risk
exposure.
Therefore, no quantitative tabular disclosures have been provided.

   
Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning
instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk.
Fixed rate securities may
have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest
rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if
interest rates fall.
Due in part to these factors, Chordiant's future
investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest
rates or Chordiant may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities
which have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates.

   
Chordiant utilizes foreign exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency
exposures of underlying assets and liabilities, primarily certain receivables
that are denominated in British Pounds, thereby limiting Chordiant's risk.

Gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts are reflected in the income
statement.
Chordiant has entered into foreign exchange contracts, all with
maturities of less than nine months, to sell approximately (Pounds)8.5 million.

   
Fair value represents the difference in value of the contracts at the spot
rate and the forward rate.
The counterparty to these contracts is a substantial
and creditworthy multinational commercial bank.
The risks of counterparty
nonperformance associated with these contracts are considered to be not
material.
Notwithstanding Chordiant's efforts to manage foreign exchange risks,
there can be no assurances that Chordiant's hedging activities will adequately
protect Chordiant against the risks associated with foreign currency
fluctuations.

   
The table below provides information about Chordiant's foreign currency
forward exchange contracts at December 31, 2000.
The information is provided in
U.S. dollar equivalents and presents the notional amount (forward amount), the
weighted average contractual foreign currency exchange rates and fair value.

                                   
Contract    Weighted Contract
                                   amount in   Average  Amount in
                                    British    Contract   U.S.       Fair
                                    Pounds       Rate    Dollars     Value
                                 -------------
-------- ---------  ---------
                                      (in                  (in        (in
                                  thousands)            thousands) thousands)

   Foreign currency to be sold
    under contract:
   British Pounds...............
(Pounds)8,500  1.4623   $12,429     $(280)

   While the contract amounts provide one measurement of the volume of these
transactions, they do not represent the amount of Chordiant's exposure to
credit risk.
The amounts (arising from the possible inabilities of the
counterparty to meet the terms of its contracts) are generally limited to the
amounts, if any, by which the counterparty's obligations exceed Chordiant's
obligations as these contracts can be settled on a net basis at Chordiant's
option.
Chordiant controls credit risk through limits and monitoring
procedures.

   
Chordiant's international business is subject to risks typical of an
international business, including, but not limited to differing economic
conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other
regulations and restrictions, and foreign exchange rate volatility.

Accordingly, Chordiant's future results could be materially adversely impacted
by changes in these or other factors.

                              
CHORDIANT MANAGEMENT

Executive Officers and Directors

   Chordiant's officers and directors and key employees, the positions held by
them, and their ages as of December 31, 2000 are as follows:

   Name                     Age                    Position
   ----                     ---                    --------

   Samuel T. Spadafora.....  
58 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
                                 Board

   Stephen Kelly...........  
39 President and Chief Operating Officer

   Donald J. Morrison......  43 Executive Vice President, Business Development
                                 and Marketing

   Joseph F. Tumminaro.....  52 Chief Technology Officer and Director

   Cary G. Morgan..........  40 Acting Chief Financial Officer, Acting Chief
                                 Accounting Officer and Acting Secretary, Vice
                                 President and Controller

   Oliver D. Curme.........  46 Director

   Kathryn C. Gould........  50 Director

   Mitchell Kertzman.......  51 Director

   Robert S. McKinney......  59 Director

   William Raduchel........  54 Director

   Carol L. Realini........  46 Director

   David R. Springett......  55 Director

   Samuel T. Spadafora has served as chief executive officer and a director of
Chordiant since June 1998.
From June 1998 until October 2000, he was also
Chordiant's president.
In November 1999, Mr. Spadafora was elected as
Chordiant's chairman of the board of directors.
From April 1994 to June 1998,
Mr. Spadafora served as vice president of worldwide field operations for the
microelectronic business of Sun Microsystems, a computer systems and networking
company.
Mr. Spadafora holds a B.A. in marketing from Eastern Michigan
University.

   
Stephen Kelly has served as Chordiant's president and chief operating
officer in an acting capacity since October 2000 and in effect since January
2001.
Between September 1998 and October 2000, he served as Chordiant's senior
vice president of Europe, Middle East and Africa operations.
From October 1997
to September 1998, Mr. Kelly served as Chordiant's vice president of Europe,
Middle East and Africa operations.
From 1987 to 1998, Mr. Kelly worked in
various sales, alliances and marketing roles at Oracle's United Kingdom
operations, most recently as director of Europe, Middle East and Africa
alliances and industry groups.
Mr. Kelly received his B.A. with honors in
business administration and accounting from the University of Bath, in England.

   
Donald J. Morrison has served as Chordiant's executive vice president,
business development and marketing since September 2000.
From January 1999
until September 2000, Mr. Morrison served as Chordiant's executive vice
president, worldwide sales and marketing.
Mr. Morrison joined Chordiant as
executive vice president of marketing in June 1997.
From March 1995 to June
1996, Mr. Morrison served as senior vice president of marketing and OEM sales
for Network Peripherals Inc., a high-speed networking company focused on fast
Internet products.
From January 1994 to February 1995, Mr. Morrison served as
vice president of marketing at Strategic Mapping, Inc., an applications
software company.
Mr. Morrison received his B.A. in business administration
from San Francisco State University and his masters degree in marketing
management from Golden Gate University.

   
Joseph F. Tumminaro is a founder of Chordiant and has served as chief
technology officer and a director since Chordiant's inception in March 1991.

Mr. Tumminaro served as secretary of Chordiant from its inception until October
1999.
From 1985 to 1990, Mr. Tumminaro served as president, vice president of
technology and a

director of J. Frank Consulting, the predecessor company to Chordiant.
Mr.
Tumminaro received his B.A. from Southern Illinois University.
Mr. Tumminaro
and Ms. Realini, also a director of Chordiant, are married to each other.

   
Cary G. Morgan was appointed Chordiant's acting chief financial officer,
acting chief accounting officer and acting secretary on October 20, 2000.
From
January 1997 to the present, Mr. Morgan has also acted as Chordiant's vice
president and controller.
From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Morgan served as the general
accounting manager of Global Village Communications, a communications company.

From 1995 to 1996, Mr. Morgan served as acting chief financial officer of
Multipoint Networks, a wireless data communications company.
Mr. Morgan
received his M.B.A. from the Monterey Institute of International Studies and
his B.A. in accounting from the University of Utah.

   
Oliver D. Curme has been a director of Chordiant since July 1996.
Mr. Curme
has served as a general partner of several entities associated with Battery
Ventures LP, a venture capital company, since 1988.
Mr. Curme received his B.S.
from Brown University and his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

   
Kathryn C. Gould has been a director of Chordiant since July 1996.
She is a
manager for each of the general partners for Foundation Capital I, II, and III,
a family of venture capital limited partnerships, and has been a member of that
firm since December 1995.
Since 1989, Ms. Gould has been a general partner of
Merrill, Pickard, Anderson & Eyre, a venture capital firm.
Ms. Gould also
serves as a director of Eloquent, Inc., a Web-based business communications
solutions provider, and as a director of Interwoven, Inc., a software provider.

Ms. Gould received a B.Sc.
in physics from the University of Toronto and an
M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.

   
Mitchell Kertzman has been a director of Chordiant since February 1997.
Mr.
Kertzman has served as president, chief executive officer and a director of
Liberate Technologies, a Internet access software company since November 1998.

Before joining Liberate, Mr. Kertzman was a member of the board of directors of
Sybase, Inc., a database company, from February 1995 until November 1998.
He
has served as chairman of Sybase's board of directors since July 1997.
Between
February 1998 and August 1998, he also served as co-chief executive officer of
Sybase.
From July 1996 until February 1997 Mr. Kertzman served as chief
executive officer of Sybase, and from July 1996 until July 1997 he also served
as president of Sybase.
Between February 1995 and July 1996, Mr. Kertzman
served as an executive vice president of Sybase.
In February 1995, Sybase
merged with Powersoft Corporation, a provider of application development tools.

Mr. Kertzman had served as chief executive officer and a director of Powersoft
since he founded it in 1974.
Mr. Kertzman has also served as a director of CNET
Networks, Inc., an Internet content company, since 1997 and as a director of
Handspring, Inc. since 2000.

   
Robert S. McKinney has been a director of Chordiant since January 2000.
Mr.
McKinney has served as president of Information Management Consulting, a
consulting firm, since September 1998 and is acting chief information officer
of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company's individual business and client
services business units.
Mr. McKinney was chief information officer of Tenneco
Automotive Inc., an automotive parts manufacturing company, from March 1996 to
September 1998 and chief information officer of PaineWebber, an investment
banking firm, from February 1990 to February 1996.
Mr. McKinney received a B.S.
in mechanical engineering from the U.S.M.M.S, Kings Point and a masters degree
in management and industrial engineering from Columbia University.

   
William Raduchel, Ph.D. has been a director of Chordiant since August 1998.

Mr. Raduchel is currently the chief technology officer of AOL Time Warner,
Inc., an online service provider.
Mr. Raduchel held various positions with Sun
Microsystems, a computer systems company, from 1989 to 1998, including chief
strategy officer from January 1998 to September 1999, vice president, corporate
planning and development and chief information officer from July 1991 to
January 1998 and chief financial officer.
Mr. Raduchel received his B.A. from
Michigan State University and his A.M. and Ph.D. from Harvard University.
He is
a director of MIH Limited and OpenTV, Inc. and two private companies.

   
Carol L. Realini was a founder of Chordiant and has been a director since
Chordiant's inception in March 1991.
She recently joined the board of Finestra
Software in Palo Alto, CA.
Ms. Realini has served as president, chief executive
officer and chairman of XO Family, Inc. from November 1999 through November
2000.
From May 1997 to November 1999, she served as Chordiant's chairman.
From
May 1997 until June 1998, Ms. Realini served as Chordiant's president and chief
executive officer.
From January 1990 until May 1997, Ms. Realini served as
president, chief executive officer and chairman of J. Frank Consulting, Inc., a
consulting services firm and the predecessor company to Chordiant.
From June
1988 to January 1990, Ms. Realini served as vice president of sales and
marketing of Legato Systems, Inc.
Ms. Realini received her B.A. with honors in
mathematics from University of California, Santa Cruz and her masters degree
from California State University, San Jose.
Ms. Realini and Mr. Tumminaro,
Chordiant's chief technology officer and also a director, are married to each
other.

   
David R. Springett, Ph.D. has been a director of Chordiant since January
2000.
Dr. Springett has served as president of the Community College
Foundation, an educational foundation since February 1994.
Dr. Springett was
also president of Strategic Marketing Associates, a marketing company from
January 1992 to January 1994 and held various positions with Xerox Corporation,
a photocopy and computer equipment company, from May 1963 to May 1991,
including vice-president, strategic marketing and director, European marketing.

He is a member of the board of directors of the California Vehicle Foundation
and the California State Commission on Welfare Reform and Training.
Dr.
Springett has received degrees from the Royal Military College of Canada, the
University of Toronto, Queen's University and Harvard University.


Board Committees

   The board of directors has established an audit committee and a compensation
committee.
The audit committee makes recommendations to the board of directors
about the selection of independent auditors, reviews the scope and results of
the audit and other services provided by Chordiant's independent auditors and
reviews and evaluates Chordiant's audit and control functions.
The compensation
committee makes recommendations about Chordiant's equity incentive plans and
salaries and incentive compensation for Chordiant's employees and consultants.

   
The members of the audit and compensation committees are described below:

                   Audit                                       Compensation
                   -----                                       ------------

              Oliver D. Curme                                Kathryn C. Gould
              William Raduchel                               Mitchell Kertzman
             David R. Springett

Director Compensation

   Directors currently receive no compensation from Chordiant for their
services as members of the board or for attendance at committee meetings.

   
According to Chordiant's 1999 non-employee directors' stock option plan,
each non-employee director was granted an option to purchase up to 25,000
shares of Chordiant's common stock on the effective date of the February 14,
2000 initial public offering, if a director on the effective date, or on a
director's election or appointment to the board, if later.
Directors will be
granted an option to purchase up to 7,500 shares of Chordiant's common stock on
the day after each annual meeting of stockholders held after the effective date
Chordiant's initial public offering.
Also, directors who serve as committee
members will be granted an option to purchase up to 5,000 shares of Chordiant's
common stock on the day after each annual meeting of stockholders.
The exercise
price of each option will be the fair market value of a share of Chordiant's
common stock on the date of grant of the option.


Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

   None of Chordiant's executive officers serve as a member of the board of
directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
executive officers serving as a member of Chordiant's board of directors or
compensation committee.
For a further description of interlocking transactions,
see "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions of Chordiant."

Board Composition

   Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
nine directors, with the terms of office of the board of directors divided into
three classes.
As a result, a portion of Chordiant's board of directors is
elected each year.
The division of the three classes, their election dates and
the directors in each class are as follows:

        Class of
        director              Date of election              Directors in class
        --------              ----------------              
------------------

           I     First annual meeting of stockholders.....  
Oliver D. Curme
                                                            Kathryn C. Gould
                                                            Carol L. Realini

           II    Second annual meeting of stockholders....  
Samuel T. Spadafora
                                                            Joseph F. Tumminaro
                                                            David R. Springett

          III    Third annual meeting of stockholders.....  
Mitchell Kertzman
                                                            William Raduchel
                                                            Robert S. McKinney

   At each annual meeting of stockholders after the initial classification, the
successors to directors whose terms will then expire will be elected to serve
from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting
following election.
Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in
the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as
nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors.
This
classification of the board of directors may have the effect of delaying or
preventing changes in control or management of Chordiant.


Executive Compensation

   The following table provides information concerning compensation for
services performed during the last three completed fiscal years by Chordiant's
chief executive officer and its most highly compensated executive officers
whose salary and bonus for the last year exceeded $100,000.
As required by the
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the compensation described in
the table excludes medical, group life insurance or other benefits that are
available generally to all salaried employees of Chordiant and other
perquisites and personal benefits received that do not exceed the lesser of
$50,000 or 10% of any officer's salary and bonus disclosed in this table.
None
of the officers named below had received from Chordiant any other annual
compensation, were granted any restricted stock award, long term incentive plan
payout or received any other compensation other than as set forth below.

          
Summary Compensation Table for Chordiant Executive Officers

                                                     Long-term
                                                    Compensation
                                                       Awards
                                                    ------------
                                     Annual
                                  Compensation
                                 ---------------     Securities
    Name and Principal           Salary   Bonus      Underlying     All Other
         Position           Year   ($)     ($)      Options (#)  Compensation($)
    ------------------      
---- -------
-------    ------------ ---------------

Samuel T. Spadafora.......  2000 291,667 312,500            --        1,750(8)
 Chairman of the Board and  1999 250,000 312,500            --        1,500(8)
 Chief Executive Officer    1998 145,833  46,966     1,809,525           --

Stephen Kelly.............  2000 184,888 619,948(1)    100,000           --
 President and Chief
  Operating Officer         1999 172,926 267,016(2)    150,000           --
                            1998 112,660 155,164(3)     75,000           --

Donald J. Morrison........  2000 207,500 174,123(4)     75,000        1,578(8)
 Executive Vice President,
  Business                  1999 190,836 122,645(5)     87,500        1,500(8)
 Development and Marketing  1998 169,166  53,214(6)    257,859        1,500(8)


Joseph F. Tumminaro.......  2000 174,167 125,375            --        4,831(8)
 Chief Technology Officer   1999 162,083  51,077            --        1,500(8)
                            1998 160,000  38,452         9,358        1,500(8)

Cary G. Morgan............  2000 134,494  75,241        37,500        3,741(8)
 Acting Chief Financial
  Officer, Acting Chief     1999 109,298  20,499        34,507        1,500(8)
 Acting Secretary, Vice
  President and             1998  97,552   9,146        27,500        1,500(8)
 Accounting
  Officer,Controller

Steven R. Springsteel(7)..  2000 174,060 150,828            --           --
 Former Chief Financial
  Officer (resigned)        1999 183,912  93,672       100,000           --
                            1998 155,400  19,425       232,946           --

- --------
(1) Includes commissions of $604,778.


(2) Includes commissions of $251,285.


(3) Includes commissions of $155,164.


(4) Includes commissions of $75,685.


(5) Includes commissions of $50,658.


(6) Includes commissions of $51,607.


(7) In October 2000, Mr. Springsteel resigned as our executive vice president
    of finance and chief financial officer and is no longer an officer of
    Chordiant.


(8) Consists of 401(k) matching contributions paid by Chordiant.


Employment Agreements

   On April 24, 1998, Chordiant entered into an employment agreement with Mr.
Spadafora.
Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Spadafora is entitled to
receive an annual base salary of $250,000 and is eligible to receive an annual
incentive bonus of $200,000.
Mr. Spadafora received a $100,000 hiring bonus
upon signing the agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement,
Mr. Spadafora also received options to purchase 1,809,650 shares of Chordiant
common stock.
In the event of a "Change in Control" of Chordiant, which is
defined as a sale of substantially all of the assets of Chordiant, a merger in
which Chordiant is not the surviving corporation or the transfer of more than
50% of the voting interests of Chordiant, Mr. Spadafora will immediately vest
in 50% of his then unvested shares.
The agreement also provides that Mr.
Spadafora's employment may be terminated by either Mr. Spadafora or Chordiant
at any time.
If Mr. Spadafora's employment is terminated without cause, Mr.
Spadafora is entitled to receive 12 months of base salary and he will
automatically vest in 50% of his then unvested shares.

   
Effective as of January 5, 2001, Chordiant entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Kelly.
Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Kelly is
entitled to receive an annual base salary of $300,000 and is eligible to
receive quarterly bonuses of $50,000 per quarter and an additional bonus of up
to 20% of his salary.
Mr. Kelly also receives reimbursements for nanny expenses
of up to $30,000 per year and reimbursements for a home rental of up to $4,000
per month.
Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Kelly also
received options to purchase 800,000 shares of Chordiant common stock.
In the
event of a "Change in Control" of Chordiant, which is defined as a sale of
substantially all the assets of Chordiant, a merger in which Chordiant is not
the surviving corporation or the transfer of more than 50% of the voting
interests of Chordiant, Mr. Kelly will immediately vest in 50% of his then
unvested shares.
The agreement also provides that Mr. Kelly's employment may be
terminated by Chordiant or Mr. Kelly at any time.
If Mr. Kelly's employment is
terminated without cause, Mr. Kelly is entitled to receive 12 months of base
salary and he will immediately vest in 50% of his then unvested shares.


Option Grants in Fiscal Year 2000

   The following table lists each grant of stock options during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000, to each of the individuals named below.

   
The exercise price of each option was equal to the fair market value of
Chordiant's common stock as valued by the board of directors on the date of
grant.
The exercise price may be paid in cash, in shares of Chordiant's common
stock valued at fair market value on the exercise date or through a cashless
exercise procedure involving a same day sale of the purchased shares.

   
The potential realizable value is calculated based on the ten-year term of
the option at the time of grant.
Stock price appreciation of 5% and 10% is
assumed as prescribed by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and does not represent Chordiant's prediction of Chordiant's stock price
performance.

   
The shares listed in the following table under, "Number of Securities
Underlying Options Granted" vest in a series of equal monthly installments over
the four years following the vesting start date.
Chordiant's stock option plans
allow for the early exercise of options granted to employees.
All options
exercised early are subject to repurchase by Chordiant at the original exercise
price upon the option holder's cessation of service before the vesting of such
holder's shares.
Each of the options has a ten-year term, subject to earlier
termination if the option holder's service with Chordiant ceases.
See
"Chordiant Management--Employee Stock Plans" for a description of other terms
of these options.

   
Percentages shown under "Percentage of Total Options Granted to Employees in
Fiscal Year" are based on an aggregate of 4,360,234 options granted to
Chordiant's employees under Chordiant's equity incentive plans during the
period from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2000.

                                      
Individual Grants
                         ---------------------------------------------
                                                                           Potential
                                                                       Realizable Value
                                                                       at Assumed Annual
                         Number of                                      Rates of Stock
                         Securities Percentage of                            Price
                         Underlying Total Options                      appreciation for
                          Options    Granted to   Exercise                Option Term
                          Granted   Employees In    Price   Expiration -----------------
          Name              (#)      Fiscal Year  ($/Share)    
Date    5% ($)   10% ($)
          ----           
---------- ------------- --------  ---------- -------
---------

Samuel T. Spadafora.....       --         --           --          --       --        --

Stephen Kelly...........   50,000        1.1         6.25    05/02/10  509,030   810,545
                           50,000        1.1       10.313    06/23/10  839,940 1,337,463

Donald J. Morrison......   75,000        1.7        6.375    10/18/10  778,815 1,240,133

Joseph F. Tumminaro.....       --         --           --          --       --        --

Cary G. Morgan..........   15,000        0.3         6.25    05/02/10  152,709   243,163
                           22,500        0.5        6.375    06/23/10  233,645   372,040

Steven Springsteel......       --         --           --          --       --        --

Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year

   
The following table provides the number of shares acquired on exercise and
the number and value of securities underlying unexercised options that are held
by each of the individuals named below as of December 31, 2000.

                                                         
Number of
                                                         Securities
                                                         Underlying
                                                        Unexercised
                                                         Options at      Value of Unexercised
                                                       Fiscal Year End  
In-the-Money Options at
                              Shares                         (#)          
Fiscal Year End ($)
                            Acquired on     Value     ----------------
-------------------------
   Name                     Exercise (#) Realized ($) Vested  Unvested Exercisable Unexercisable
   ----                     -----------  ------------
------- --------
----------- -------------

   Samuel T. Spadafora.....   678,750     5,629,068   785,125 301,275   3,225,522        --

   Stephen Kelly...........   138,541       201,770    62,499 248,960     330,922        --

   Donald J. Morrison......   244,687       905,344   207,596 230,576     929,808        --

   Joseph F. Tumminaro.....        --            --    26,027      --      77,274        --

   Cary G. Morgan..........        --            --    45,656  65,629     144,843        --

   Steven Springsteel......   388,340     1,498,989     8,333      --      12,372        --

Employee Stock Plans

 1999 Equity Incentive Plan

   Chordiant's board adopted its 1999 equity incentive plan on November 30,
1999.
Chordiant's stockholders approved the plan on December 31, 1999.
The
incentive plan is an amendment and restatement of Chordiant's 1997 equity
incentive plan.

   Administration.
The board administers the incentive plan unless it delegates
administration to a committee.
The board or this committee has the authority to
construe, interpret and amend the incentive plan and determine:

  .
the grant recipients;

  .
the grant dates;

  .
the number of shares subject to the award;

  .
the exercisability and vesting of the award;

  .
the exercise price;

  .
the type of consideration; and

  .
the other terms of the award.

   
Share Reserve.
Chordiant has reserved a total of 13,106,484 shares of its
common stock for issuance under the incentive plan.
On October 1 of each year
for 10 years, starting on October 1, 2000, the share reserve will automatically
be increased by a number of shares equal to the greater of:

  .
5% of Chordiant's outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis; or

  .
that number of shares subject to stock awards made under the incentive
    plan during the prior 12-month period.

   
However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the board, and no
more than 20 million shares of the share reserve, as increased, may be used for
incentive stock options.
If the recipient of a stock award does not purchase
the shares subject to the stock award before the stock award expires or
terminates, the shares that are not purchased again become available for
issuance under the incentive plan.

   
Eligibility.
The board may grant incentive stock options that qualify under
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code to Chordiant's employees.
The board
may also grant nonstatutory stock options, stock bonuses and restricted stock
purchase awards to Chordiant's employees, directors and consultants.

  .
A stock option is a contractual right to purchase a specified number of
    Chordiant's shares at a specified price, called the exercise price, for a
    specified period of time.

  .
An incentive stock option is a stock option that has met the requirements
    of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code.
This type of option is free
    from regular tax at both the date of grant and the date of exercise.
    
However, the difference between the fair market value on date of exercise
    and the exercise price is an item of alternative minimum tax unless there
    is a disqualifying disposition in the year of exercise.
If two holding
    period tests are met--two years between grant date and sale date and one
    year between exercise date and sale date--all profit on the sale of
    Chordiant's shares acquired by exercising the incentive stock option is
    long-term capital gain income.
However, if either of the holding periods
    is not met, there has been a disqualifying disposition, and a portion of
    any profit will be taxed at ordinary income rates.

  .
A nonstatutory stock option is a stock option that has not met the
    Internal Revenue Code criteria for qualifying incentive stock options
    and, therefore, triggering a tax upon exercise.
This type of option
    requires payment of state and federal income tax and, if applicable,
    other taxes on the difference between the exercise price and the fair
    market value on the exercise date.

  .
A restricted stock purchase award is Chordiant's offer to sell its shares
    at a price either at or near the fair market value of the shares.
A stock
    bonus is a grant of Chordiant's shares at no cost to the recipient in
    consideration for past services performed.

   
The board may not grant an incentive stock option to any person who, at the
time of the grant, owns or is deemed to own stock possessing more than 10% of
Chordiant's total combined voting power or the total combined voting power of
an affiliate of Chordiant, unless the exercise price is at least 110% of the
fair market value of the stock on the grant date and the option term is five
years or less.

   Limits on Option Grants.
There are limits on the number of shares that the
board may grant under an option.

  .
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code denies a deduction to
    publicly held corporations for compensation paid to the chief executive
    officer and the four highest compensated officers in a taxable year to
    the extent that the compensation for each the officer exceeds $1,000,000.
    
When Chordiant

   becomes subject to Section 162(m), to prevent options granted under the
   incentive plan from being included in compensation, the board may not
   grant options under the incentive plan to an employee covering an
   aggregate of more than 5 million shares in any calendar year.

  .
In addition, an employee may not receive incentive stock options that
    exceed the $100,000 per year limitation provided in Section 422(d) of the
    Internal Revenue Code.
In calculating the $100,000 per year limitation,
    Chordiant determines the aggregate number of shares under all incentive
    stock options granted to that employee that will become exercisable for
    the first time during a calendar year.
For this purpose, Chordiant
    includes incentive stock options granted under the incentive plan as well
    as under any other stock plans that Chordiant maintains.
Chordiant then
    determines the aggregate fair market value of the stock as of the grant
    date of the option.
Taking the options into account in the order in which
    they were granted, Chordiant treats only the options covering the first
    $100,000 worth of stock as incentive stock options.
Chordiant treats any
    options covering stock in excess of $100,000 as nonstatutory stock
    options.

   
Option Terms.
The board may grant incentive stock options with an exercise
price of 100% or more of the fair market value of a share of Chordiant's common
stock on the grant date.
It may grant nonstatutory stock options at a discount.

If the value of Chordiant's shares declines after the date of grant, the board
may offer option holders the opportunity to replace their outstanding higher-
priced options with new lower-priced options.
To the extent required by Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the repriced option is considered to be
canceled and a new option granted, but both options will be counted against the
Section 162(m) limit discussed above.

   
The maximum option term is 10 years.
The board may provide for exercise
periods of any length in individual option grants.
However, generally an option
terminates three months after the option holder's service to Chordiant
terminates.
If this termination is due to the option holder's disability, the
exercise period generally is extended to 12 months.
If this termination is due
to the option holder's death or if the option holder dies within three months
after the option holder's service terminates, the exercise period generally is
extended to 18 months following the option holder's death.

   
The board may provide for the transferability of nonstatutory stock options
but not incentive stock options.
However, the option holder may designate a
beneficiary to exercise either type of option following the option holder's
death.
If the option holder does not designate a beneficiary, the option
holder's option rights will pass by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution.

   
Terms of Other Stock Awards.
The board determines the purchase price of
other stock awards.
However, the board may award stock bonuses in consideration
of past services without a purchase payment.
Shares that Chordiant sells or
awards under the incentive plan may, but need not be, restricted and subject to
a repurchase option in Chordiant's favor based on with a vesting schedule that
the board determines.
The board, however, may accelerate the vesting of the
restricted stock.

   
Other Provisions.
Transactions not involving Chordiant's receipt of
consideration, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization, stock
dividend, and stock split, may change the class and number of shares subject to
the incentive plan and to outstanding awards.
In that event, the board will
appropriately adjust the incentive plan for the class and the maximum number of
shares subject to the incentive plan, to the cap on the number of shares
available for incentive stock options, and to the Section 162(m) limit.
It also
will adjust outstanding awards for the class, number of shares and price per
share subject to the awards.

   
If a change in control happens, the surviving entity may either assume or
replace outstanding awards under the incentive plan.
If this does not occur,
then generally the vesting and exercisability of the awards will accelerate,
and unexercised awards will terminate immediately before the event.
A change in
control includes the following:

  .
a dissolution, liquidation or sale of all or substantially all of
    Chordiant's assets;

  .
a merger or consolidation in which Chordiant is not the surviving
    corporation;

  .
a reverse merger in which Chordiant is the surviving corporation but the
    shares of Chordiant's common stock outstanding immediately preceding the
    merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property; and

  .
generally the acquisition by any person, entity or group of the
    beneficial ownership of Chordiant's securities representing at least 50%
    of the combined voting power permitted to vote in the election of
    directors.

   
If there is a change in control, other than a merger or consolidation for
the purpose of a change in domicile, then for options held by persons then
performing services as an employee or director of, or consultant to,
Chordiant, the vesting of the option will be accelerated by one year.

   
Stock Awards Granted.
As of December 31, 2000, Chordiant had issued:

  .
3,621,124 shares upon the exercise of options under the incentive plan;

  .
options to purchase 7,874,776 shares at a weighted average exercise price
    of $4.67 per share were outstanding; and

  .
1,613,343 shares remained available for future grant.

   
As of December 31, 2000, the Chordiant board had not granted any stock
bonuses or restricted stock under the incentive plan.

   
Plan Termination.
The incentive plan will terminate in 2009 unless the
Chordiant board terminates it sooner.

 
1999 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan.

   
Chordiant's board adopted the 1999 non-employee directors' stock option
plan on November 30, 1999.
Chordiant's stockholders approved the plan on
December 31, 1999.
The directors' plan provides for the automatic grant to
Chordiant's non-employee directors of options to purchase shares of
Chordiant's common stock.

   
Share Reserve.
Chordiant has currently reserved a total of 875,000 shares
of Chordiant's common stock for issuance under the directors' plan.
On October
1 of each year for 10 years, starting on October 1, 2000, the share reserve
will automatically be increased by a number of shares equal to the greater of:

  .
0.5% of Chordiant's outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis, or

  .
that number of shares subject to options granted under the directors'
    plan during the prior 12-month period.

   
However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the Chordiant
board.
If an option holder does not purchase the shares subject to their
option before the option expires or terminates, the shares that are not
purchased again become available for issuance under the directors' plan.

   Administration.
The Chordiant board administers the directors' plan.
The
board has the authority to construe, interpret and amend the directors' plan
but the directors' plan specifies the essential terms of the options,
including:

  .
the option recipients;

  .
the grant dates;

  .
the number of shares subject to the option;

  .
the exercisability and vesting of the option;

  .
the exercise price; and

  .
the type of consideration.

   
Eligibility.
Chordiant will automatically issue options to Chordiant's non-
employee directors under the directors' plan as follows:

  .
Each person who was a non-employee director on February 14, 2000, the
    effective date of the initial public offering, or who is first elected or
    appointed after this date as a non-employee director will automatically
    receive an initial option for 25,000 shares.
The initial option is
    exercisable immediately but will vest at the rate of 25% of the shares on
    the first anniversary of the grant date and monthly over the next three
    years.

  .
In addition, on the day after each of Chordiant's annual meetings of the
    stockholders, starting with the annual meeting in 2001, each non-employee
    director will automatically receive an annual option for 7,500 shares.
    
The annual option is exercisable immediately but will vest monthly over
    the next year.
If the non-employee director is appointed to the board
    after the annual meeting of Chordiant stockholders, the annual option
    will be adjusted based on the time actually served by the director.

  .
Finally, on the day after each of Chordiant's annual meetings of the
    stockholders, starting with the annual meeting in 2001, each non-employee
    director who is serving on a board committee will automatically receive a
    committee option for 5,000 shares.
The committee option is exercisable
    immediately but will vest monthly over the next year.
If the non-employee
    director is appointed to the committee after the annual meeting, the
    committee option will be pro rated.

   
As long as the option holder continues to serve with Chordiant, whether in
the capacity of a director, an employee or a consultant, the option will
continue to vest and be exercisable during its term.
When the option holder's
service terminates, Chordiant will have the right to repurchase any unvested
shares at the original exercise price, without interest.

   
Option Terms.
Options have an exercise price equal to 100% of the fair
market value of Chordiant's common stock on the grant date.
The option term is
10 years
but it terminates three months after the option holder's service
terminates.
If this termination is due to the option holder's disability, the
post-termination exercise period is extended to 12 months.
If this termination
is due to the option holder's death or if the option holder dies within three
months after their service terminates, the post-termination exercise period is
extended to 18 months following death.

   
The option holder may transfer the option by gift to immediate family or for
estate planning purposes.
The option holder also may designate a beneficiary to
exercise the option following the option holder's death.
Alternatively, the
option exercise rights will pass by the option holder's will or by the laws of
descent and distribution.

   
Other Provisions.
Transactions not involving Chordiant's receipt of
consideration, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization, stock
dividend, and stock split, may change the class and number of shares subject to
the directors' plan and to outstanding options.
In that event, the Chordiant
board will appropriately adjust the directors' plan for the class and the
maximum number of shares subject to the directors' plan and to the automatic
option grants.
It also will adjust outstanding options for the class, number of
shares and price per share subject to the options.

   
If a change in control happens, the surviving entity may either assume or
replace outstanding options under the directors' plan.
If this does not occur,
then generally the vesting of the options will accelerate, and unexercised
options will terminate immediately before the event.
A change in control
includes the following:

  .
a dissolution, liquidation or sale of all or substantially all of
    Chordiant's assets;

  .
a merger or consolidation in which Chordiant is not the surviving
    corporation;

  .
a reverse merger in which Chordiant is the surviving corporation but the
    shares of Chordiant's common stock outstanding immediately preceding the
    merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property; and

  .
generally the acquisition by any person, entity or group of the
    beneficial ownership of Chordiant's securities representing at least 50%
    of the combined voting power permitted to vote in the election of
    directors.

   
If there is a change in control, other than a merger or consolidation for
the purpose of a change in domicile, then for options held by persons then
performing services as an employee or director of, or consultant to, Chordiant,
the vesting of the option will be accelerated by one year.

   
Options Issued.
Chordiant has issued 175,000 options under the directors'
plan.

   
Plan Termination.
The directors' plan has no set termination date.

 
1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   Chordiant's board adopted the 1999 employee stock purchase plan on November
30, 1999.
Chordiant's stockholders approved the plan on December 31, 1999.

   Administration.
The Chordiant board administers the purchase plan unless it
delegates administration to a committee.
The board or this committee has the
authority to construe, interpret and amend the purchase plan and determine the
terms of rights granted under the purchase plan.

   
Share Reserve.
Chordiant has currently reserved 2,117,689 shares of
Chordiant's common stock for issuance to eligible employees with purchase
rights under the purchase plan.
On October 1 of each year for 10 years,
starting on October 1, 2000, the share reserve will automatically be increased
by a number of shares equal to the greater of:

  .
2% of Chordiant's outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis; or

  .
that number of shares issued under the purchase plan during the prior 12-
    month period.

   
However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the board, and no
more than 13,000,000 shares of the share reserve, as increased, may be used
under the purchase plan.

   
Eligibility.
The purchase plan is intended to qualify as an employee stock
purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code.

The purchase plan provides a means by which eligible employees may purchase
Chordiant's common stock through payroll deductions.
Chordiant implements the
purchase plan by offerings of purchase rights to eligible employees.
Generally,
all of Chordiant's full-time employees in the United States and in the United
Kingdom who have been employed for at least 10 days may participate in
offerings under the purchase plan.
However, no employee may participate in the
purchase plan if immediately after Chordiant grants the employee a purchase
right, the employee has voting power over 5% or more of Chordiant's outstanding
capital stock.

   Offerings.
Under the purchase plan, the board may specify offerings of up to
27 months.
Unless the board determines differently, common stock is purchased
for accounts of participating employees at a price per share equal to the lower
of:

  .
85% of the fair market value of a share on the first day of the offering;
    or

  .
85% of the fair market value of a share on the purchase date.

   
Fair market value generally means the closing sales price, rounded up where
necessary to the nearest whole cent, for these shares, or the closing bid, if
no sales were reported, as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the last
trading day before the relevant determination date, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal.

   
The board may provide that employees who become eligible to participate
after the offering period begins nevertheless may enroll in the offering.
These
employees will purchase Chordiant's stock at the lower of:

  .
85% of the fair market value of a share on the day they began
    participating in the purchase plan; or

  .
85% of the fair market value of a share on the purchase date.

   
Participating employees may authorize payroll deductions of up to 15% of
their compensation for the purchase of stock under the purchase plan.
Employees
may end their participation in the offering before a purchase period ends.

Their participation ends automatically on termination of their employment.

   
Other Provisions.
The Chordiant board may grant eligible employees purchase
rights under the purchase plan only if the purchase rights together with any
other purchase rights granted under other employee stock purchase plans
established by Chordiant or by Chordiant's affiliates, if any, do not permit
the employee's rights to purchase Chordiant's stock to accrue at a rate that
exceeds $25,000 of fair market value of Chordiant's stock for each calendar
year in which the purchase rights are outstanding.

   
Upon a change in control, the Chordiant board may provide that the successor
corporation either will assume or replace outstanding purchase rights.

Alternatively, the board may shorten the ongoing offering period and provide
that Chordiant's stock will be purchased for the participants immediately
before the change in control.

   
Shares Issued.
As of December 31, 2000, 117,689 shares of common stock have
been purchased under the purchase plan.

   
Plan Termination.
The purchase plan has no set termination date.

 
401(k) Plan

   Chordiant has established its corporation retirement savings plan, which
became effective on January 1, 1996.
The 401(k) plan is intended to qualify
under Section 401 of the Code so that contributions by employees or by
Chordiant, and income earned, are not taxable until withdrawn and so that
contributions by the company will be deductible by Chordiant when made.
The
401(k) plan provides that each participant may reduce their pre-tax gross
compensation by up to 15%, up to a statutorily prescribed annual limit of
$10,000 in 2000, and have that amount contributed to the 401(k) plan.
Employees
become eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan upon commencement of their
employment with Chordiant.
Participants are fully vested in all amounts they
contribute under the 401(k) plan and in the earnings on the contributed
amounts.

   
In addition to the employee salary deferrals described above, the 401(k)
plan requires Chordiant to make contributions under the 401(k) plan on behalf
of the participants.
These contributions include a matching contribution of up
to $1,500 per year of salary deferred contributions made by each participant.

The employer contributions to the 401(k) plan each year will be divided among
participants in the ratio that each participant's compensation bears to the
compensation of all participants.
Participants become vested in matching
contributions and employer contributions according to a graded vesting schedule
under which they become fully vested after five years of service with
Chordiant.

   
Employee participants may elect to invest their accounts under the 401(k)
plan in various established funds.

       
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF CHORDIANT

   
The following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2000, to
which Chordiant has been a party, in which the amount involved in the
transaction exceeds $60,000, and in which any of Chordiant's directors or
executive officers or any member of the immediate family of such directors or
officers, or holders of more than 5% of the capital stock had or will have a
direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements that
are described under "Chordiant Management.
"

   Chordiant has entered into indemnification agreements with Chordiant's
directors and officers for the indemnification of and advancement of expenses
to these persons to the full extent permitted by law.
Chordiant also intends to
execute these agreements with Chordiant's future directors and officers.

   
Options granted to Chordiant's directors, executive officers and employees
are immediately exercisable for both vested and unvested shares, with unvested
shares being subject to a right of repurchase in Chordiant's favor if
termination of employment occurs before the vesting of all the shares.
The
following individuals have elected to pay the exercise price for some of their
outstanding options with full recourse promissory notes secured by the common
stock underlying the options.
The notes bear interest at 5.74% to 6.45% per
year, and interest payments on the notes are due and payable annually on the
anniversary date of the note.
Unpaid principal and interest on the notes are
due and payable immediately upon termination of the employee's employment with
Chordiant, or two years after the date of the promissory note, whichever is
earlier.
As of December 31, 2000, the original and outstanding aggregate
principal amounts of the promissory notes executed by each executive officer in
favor of Chordiant are listed below.

                                                                     
Aggregate
                                                                    Original and
                                                                    Outstanding
       Executive Officer                                            Note Amount
       -----------------                                            ------------

       Samuel T. Spadafora.........................................   $440,800
       Donald J. Morrison..........................................   $ 68,906
       Steven Springsteel..........................................   $134,555

   All future transactions, including loans, between Chordiant and Chordiant's
officers, directors and principal stockholders must be approved by a majority
of the board of directors, including a majority of the independent and
disinterested directors.

   
Chordiant does not have any formal policy concerning the direct or indirect
pecuniary interest of any of its officers, directors, security holders or
affiliates in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by Chordiant or in
any transaction to which Chordiant is a party or has an interest.
Chordiant
will not enter into any such transactions unless approved by a majority of the
entire board of directors, not including any interested director.

          
SECURITY OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF CHORDIANT

   
The following table provides information about the beneficial ownership of
Chordiant's common stock as of February 15, 2001 by:

  .
each of the individuals listed in the "Summary Compensation Table for
    Chordiant Executive Officers";

  .
each of Chordiant's directors;

  .
each person, or group of persons, who is known by Chordiant to own
    beneficially 5% or more of Chordiant's common stock; and

  .
all current directors and executive officers as a group.

   
Beneficial ownership is calculated based upon the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission.
In computing the number of shares beneficially owned
by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock
subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001 are considered outstanding.

These shares, however, are not considered outstanding for the purposes of
computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
Except as indicated in
the footnotes to this table or as a result of applicable community property
laws, each stockholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power
to the shares shown as beneficially owned by them.

   
Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based on
38,096,739 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 15, 2001.
Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each of the individuals named below is: c/o
Chordiant Software, Inc., 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd, Suite 400, Cupertino,
California 95014.

                                                        
Beneficial Ownership
                                                       ----------------------
   Name of Beneficial Owner                              Shares   Percent (%)
   ------------------------                            ---------- -----------

   Directors, Executive Officers:

   Samuel T. Spadafora(1).............................  1,661,538     4.4

   Stephen Kelly(2)...................................  
1,251,388     3.3

   Donald J. Morrison(3)..............................    682,859     1.8

   Joseph F. Tumminaro(4).............................  4,498,122    11.8

   Cary G. Morgan(5)..................................    121,634     0.3

   Steven Springsteel(6)..............................    279,421     0.7

   Oliver D. Curme(7).................................  2,526,263     6.6

   Kathryn C. Gould(8)................................  3,140,813     8.2

   Mitchell Kertzman(9)...............................    113,825     0.3

   Robert S. McKinney(10).............................     25,000     0.1

   William Raduchel(11)...............................    112,500     0.3

   David R. Springett(12).............................     25,000     0.1

   Carol L. Realini(4)................................  4,498,122    11.8

   All directors and officers as a group (13
    persons)(13)......................................
14,413,363    37.8

   Five Percent Stockholders:

   First Plaza Group Trust(14)........................  
3,947,360    10.4
    The Chase Manhattan Bank, Trustee
    4 Chase Metrotech Center
    18th Floor
    Brooklyn, NY 11245

                                                          Beneficial Ownership
                                                          ---------------------
   Name of Beneficial Owner                                Shares   Percent (%)
   ------------------------                               ---------
-----------

   Entities associated with Foundation Capital,
    L.P.(15)............................................  3,115,813     8.2
    70 Willow Road
    Suite 200
    Menlo Park, CA 94025

   Battery Ventures III, L.P. ..........................  2,501,263     6.6
    20 William Street
    Suite 200
    Wellesley, MA 02481

   Electronic Data Systems Corporation..................  2,421,875     6.4
    5400 Legacy Drive
    Plano, TX 75024

   Norwest Venture Partners VI, LP(16)..................  2,321,472     6.1
    245 Lytton Avenue
    Suite 250
    Palo Alto, CA 94301

   Entities associated with Charter Growth Capital(17)..  2,000,000     5.2
    525 University Avenue
    Suite 1500
    Palo Alto, CA 94301

- --------
 (1) Consists of:
   .
shares held by Mr. Spadafora's children;
   .
1,388 shares acquired under Chordiant's Employee Stock Purchase Plan;
   .
10,000 shares held by a family trust; and

   .
936,400 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.

 
(2) Consists of:
   .
1,388 shares acquired under Chordiant's Employee Stock Purchase Plan;
     and

   .
1,111,459 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.

 (3) Consists of:
   .
shares held by trusts for the benefit of Mr. Morrison's children; and

   .
438,172 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.

 (4) The common stock held by Mr. Tumminaro and Ms. Realini consists of:
   .
4,424,696 shares held by a family trust and trusts for the benefit of
     Mr. Tumminaro and Ms. Realini children; and

   .
73,426 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.

 (5) Includes 111,285 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of February 15, 2001.

 
(6) Consists of:
   .
shares held by Mr. Springsteel's children;
   .
234,700 shares held directly by Mr. Springsteel; and

   .
8,333 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.

 (7) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.
Mr. Curme is a general partner of Battery Ventures III,
     L.P, which is the sole general partner of Battery Ventures III LP.
Mr.
     Curme disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by these entities
     except to the extent of his proportionate partnership interest in these
     entities.

 
(8) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     February 15, 2001.
Ms. Gould is a managing member of Foundation Capital
     Management, LLC, which is the general partner and

    managing member of Foundation Capital, LP and Foundation Capital
    Entrepreneurs Fund LLC.
She disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares
    held by the entities associated with Foundation Capital, except to the
    extent of her financial interest in these entities.

 
(9) Includes 113,825 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of February 15, 2001.


(10) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of February 15, 2001.


(11) Includes 112,500 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of February 15, 2001.


(12) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of February 15, 2001.


(13) Includes shares described in the notes above, as applicable.


(14)
The Chase Manhattan Bank acts as the trustee for First Plaza Group Trust.
     
These shares may be considered to be owned beneficially by General Motors
     Investment Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Motors.
     
General Motors Investment Management is serving as the trust's investment
     manager for these shares and in that capacity it has the sole power to
     direct the trustee about the voting and disposition of these shares.
     
Because of the trustee's limited role, beneficial ownership of the shares
     by the trustee is disclaimed.


(15) Consists of:
   .
265,987 shares held by Foundation Capital Entrepreneurs LLC; and
   .
2,849,826 shares held by Foundation Capital LP.

   
Foundation Capital Management, LLC is the managing member of Foundation
   Capital Entrepreneurs Fund, LLC and is the general partner of Foundation
   Capital, LP.
Ms. Gould is a director of Chordiant and disclaims beneficial
   ownership of the shares held by these Foundation Capital entities, except
   to the extent of her financial interest as a member of Foundation Capital
   Management, LLC.


(16)
The sole general partner of Norwest Venture Partners VI, LP is Itasca VC
     Partners VI, LLP, whose managing partner is George Still and whose
     managing administrative partner is John Whaley.
All voting and investment
     power of these shares is held solely by Norwest Venture Partners VI, LP
     acting by and through Itasca VC Partners VI and its managing partner and
     managing administration partner.


(17) Consists of:
   .
560,000 shares held by Charter Growth Capital, L.P.;
   .
35,000 shares held by CGC Investors, L.P.; and
   .
1,405,000 shares held by Charter Growth Capital Co-Investment Fund, L.P.

                     INFORMATION RELATING TO PRIME RESPONSE

                           PRIME RESPONSE'S BUSINESS

   Prime Response is a provider of integrated relationship marketing software
solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create, execute
and refine highly targeted Internet, wireless and traditional marketing
campaigns that build more loyal and profitable customer relationships.
Prime
Response's software solutions leverage Prime Response's 13 years of experience
in the design, implementation and management of marketing campaigns to create
optimized and tailored business to customer interactions that draw on all of
the business data held by its clients regarding their customers, including
information generated by its clients' sales, marketing, service and accounting
organizations.
Prime Response's products are designed to help its clients to
more effectively market and sell to their customers by delivering more
personalized marketing messages over the customers' preferred marketing
channel, whether it is the Internet, wireless or traditional.


Industry Background

   In today's competitive environment, businesses face intense pressure to
improve their overall profitability.
In recent years, businesses have addressed
cost reduction and expense containment by adopting enterprise resource planning
and other back-office software applications.
Businesses realize that they must
now also focus on ways to increase revenues in a cost effective manner.
Today,
businesses with large customer bases invest significant resources to attract,
retain and sell directly to customers through telephone, direct mail and
personal selling efforts and increasingly via the Internet, or indirectly
through the use of media such as print, radio and television.
Implementing and
managing these marketing campaigns--called marketing automation--is both a
critical and challenging task because of the proliferation of customer
purchasing options and increased customer sophistication coupled with the high
costs associated with conducting marketing campaigns.

 
Traditional Marketing Management Tools

   To improve the cost-effectiveness of marketing campaigns, businesses are
focusing on ways to exploit information gathered from their multiple marketing
activities.
As part of marketing automation, businesses are seeking to:

  .
automate the planning and implementation of their marketing campaigns;

  .
tailor interaction with their customers based on prior interactions
    between customers and businesses;

  .
identify profitable customer opportunities;

  .
optimize the execution of marketing campaigns to maximize returns;

  .
measure the effectiveness of current marketing initiatives in order to
    plan more effective future campaigns; and

  .
determine future marketing opportunities through consolidation and
    analysis of customer data.

   
Historically, these solutions have included:

  .
Automated Customer Lists.
For many years, businesses have used
    proprietary software, often developed by third-party service bureaus, to
    access customer information maintained in large external databases.

  .
Database Mining Software.
Database mining software permits businesses to
    analyze data generated within their entire organization to provide a more
    complete view of customer relationships.

   
These traditional solutions do not:

  .
fully manage the planning and implementation of marketing campaigns;

  .
allow for easy access to customer data; or

  .
support focused one-on-one marketing efforts and are difficult to
    integrate across various departments within an organization.

   
Because of these inherent limitations, traditional marketing management
solutions generally do not enable businesses to achieve their overall goals for
cost-effective marketing and efficient use of available customer data and
generally do not address growing Internet marketing needs.


Emergence of Relationship Marketing

   The widespread adoption of the Internet by consumers and businesses is
fundamentally changing the way businesses interact with their customers and is
dramatically increasing the pressure on businesses to adopt new marketing
management solutions.
The number of users who buy and sell goods over the
Internet is expected to increase exponentially.
The growth of the Internet and
e-commerce is stimulating businesses to implement new forms of Internet
advertising, such as banner advertising, targeted e-mail and personalized Web
pages.

   
On the Internet, one-to-one, real-time marketing can occur each time a
customer interacts with a business' Website.
A business can observe, record and
analyze customer behavior, such as when and how often they visit a business'
Website and what content they view.
This information allows businesses to
generate a profile of a customer's preferences and offer a selection of
products and services tailored to each specific customer.
New opportunities
exist for real-time, customized sales and marketing initiatives ranging from
targeted e-mail to banner ads to personalized coupons.
In addition to
exploiting new opportunities, businesses must develop effective Internet
marketing strategies to protect their customer base and retain customers who
might otherwise decide to change vendors with the click of a button.

   
Although many businesses have invested in Internet infrastructure software
to support their e-commerce initiatives, much of this effort has been limited
to the development of their Websites and other related back-office functions,
such as transaction processing and security.
Many of these businesses are only
now beginning to focus on automating their Internet marketing strategies so
that they can better exploit the Internet as a marketing medium in a more cost-
effective fashion.
Internet marketing products to date have generally been
point solutions, designed to address only one specific aspect of customer
interaction, or touch-point, such as:

  .
management of inbound e-mail, so that customer inquiries and complaints
    are efficiently and promptly handled; or

  .
management of outbound e-mail, permitting businesses to generate business
    through direct e-mail campaigns over the Internet; or

  .
customized Website content, with information tailored to specific dynamic
    customer profiles; or

  .
management of Internet advertising, designed to generate and manage the
    use of banner ads and other Internet advertising.

   
These marketing products typically address only Internet marketing channels
and often neither integrate with a business' existing traditional marketing
channels, nor leverage cost-effectively a business's existing customer
databases generated from non-Internet based marketing activities.

   
To more effectively market and sell to their customers, businesses
increasingly realize the need to exploit both Internet and wireless
opportunities and traditional marketing initiatives.
Prime Response believes
that traditional businesses are increasingly utilizing the Internet as a sales
and marketing channel and Internet retailers are increasingly utilizing more
traditional media to reach and communicate with their customers.
Businesses
need solutions that integrate Internet and traditional marketing campaigns,
through both direct and indirect marketing channels, to draw on all of a
business' data regarding its customers including information generated by the
business' sales, marketing, service and accounting organizations.
By drawing on
this data businesses can learn more about their customers, allowing them to
develop effective marketing campaigns and build stronger customer
relationships.
Today, businesses are hampered by the fact that solutions
designed

exclusively for the Internet generally do not integrate with traditional
marketing solutions, and traditional marketing solutions generally do not
integrate with Internet marketing solutions.
An integrated solution would allow
businesses to gather accurate and comprehensive information about their
customers and use that information throughout the organization to develop and
implement effective direct and indirect marketing campaigns.


The Prime Response Solution

   The Prime Response solution acts as a hub for a business' marketing
organization allowing it to capitalize on three important trends in the
marketplace:

  .
the expansion of customer data and tools to mine and understand that
    data;

  .
the continual evolution of lower cost customer touchpoints (such as the
    Internet and e-mail); and

  .
the decline in marginal return for marketing dollars spent.

   
By providing businesses with a solution that allows them to interact with
their customers over virtually any marketing channel at any time, businesses
can take better advantage of their data and analyze the breadth of their
marketing channels leading to better returns on their marketing expenditures.

   
Prime Response's solutions are designed to provide its clients with critical
business advantages by effectively managing the customer lifecycle from
acquisition, through to retention and development, including the ability to:

   
Lower the cost of acquiring and retaining customers.
Prime Response's
software can deliver process efficiencies, refined prospect and customer
selection and marketing channel optimization, which contributes to reduced
customer acquisition and retention costs.

   
Target marketing efforts on the most profitable customers.
Prime Response's
software enables Prime Response's clients to identify and cost-effectively
focus and build on their relationships with their most profitable customers by:

  .
quickly understanding and identifying who their most profitable customers
    are;

  .
enabling the marketing professional to create and fine-tune the
    appropriate marketing offer; and

  .
communicating the marketing offer over the most effective marketing
    channel.

   
Optimize the use of marketing channels based on customer
preferences.
Because Prime Response's software solution has been developed to
design, plan, execute and track marketing campaigns over the Internet and
traditional marketing channels, it permits clients to tailor and deliver
marketing messages over a customer's preferred marketing channel.

   
Increase customer retention and loyalty.
By maintaining a history of all
inbound and outbound customer interactions and by giving the marketing
professional access to all customer data, Prime Response's software helps its
clients build loyal and sustainable customer relationships.

   
Maximize lifetime value of customers through cross-selling.
Prime Response's
software enables its clients to get the most value out of their customers
through enhanced cross-selling efforts designed to maximize the potential
revenue Prime Response's clients can receive from a customer over the duration
of the customer's relationship with a client.

   
The Prime Response solution is supplemented by comprehensive service and
professional support, which allows its clients to maximize the benefits
achieved with the use of Prime Response's software on a turnkey basis.


Strategy

   Prime Response's strategy is to become the leading supplier of integrated
relationship marketing solutions.
Key elements of Prime Response's strategy
include:

   Leverage expertise to offer leading integrated relationship marketing
solutions.
Prime Response has built on its 13 years of experience in the
design, implementation and management of marketing campaigns to create what
Prime Response believes is the leading marketing solution specifically designed
to operate as a Web-enabled multi-channel solution addressing both Internet and
traditional campaigns.
Prime Response intends to continue to apply its
expertise to focus on those potential clients and industries that require a
relationship marketing solution that offers complete marketing functionality
rather than a combination of disparate point solutions.
Prime Response believes
that its products' open architecture will allow them to be integrated with
emerging interactive technologies, providing Prime Response with a continued
competitive advantage as the market evolves.

   
Expand focus in North America.
Prime Response believes that the North
American market for integrated relationship marketing solutions is larger and
growing more rapidly than the European market and, accordingly, plans to
increase its focus on North America.
Prime Response started as a European
business and in 1998 began offering its products in North America, and, since
January 1999, Prime Response has continued to aggressively expand its North
American presence.
Prime Response relocated its corporate headquarters to
Cambridge, Massachusetts in July 1999.

   
Penetrate identified vertical markets.
Prime Response intends to continue to
focus its marketing and direct sales activities in its key existing vertical
markets: financial services, communications and media, and consumer goods.

Prime Response believes these markets provide the greatest opportunity for
rapid market penetration because of their critical need for flexible marketing
management solutions designed to manage large, consumer-oriented marketing
campaigns; their growing use of e-commerce; and the competitive challenges they
face from e-commerce.
In order to further expand its presence in these vertical
markets, Prime Response has structured its sales and services organizations to
provide dedicated and focused support to each industry that Prime Response
targets.
Prime Response also intends to leverage its current success in its
targeted industries to gain market share in other industries with similar
characteristics.

   
Build key strategic alliances.
Prime Response has established strategic
relationships with key industry participants in order to broaden its market
presence, reach new geographic and vertical markets, and increase its sales
penetration by leveraging each of its partner's expertise in specific markets,
industry reputation and sales and marketing resources.
Today, Prime Response
has active marketing relationships with a variety of organizations including
consultants, systems integrators and service providers such as Accenture
(formerly Andersen Consulting), and platform providers such as Hewlett-Packard
Company and Sun Microsystems.
Prime Response intends to establish additional
strategic alliances and to continue to enhance its relationships with existing
strategic partners in order to further broaden its market penetration.

   
Expand and enhance professional services and customer support.
Prime
Response intends to continue to make an investment in its consulting staff and
to build the expertise of the consulting organization along industry lines to
facilitate the rapid adoption by clients of its solutions.
Prime Response also
believes that a high level of service and support is of critical importance to
its clients, who require a highly reliable, turnkey solution.
Prime Response
intends to sustain its commitment to service and support through continued
investment in those activities and by leveraging its strategic alliances to add
greater depth to those services.


Products

   Prime Response began in 1987 as a marketing database service bureau.
In
1995, Prime Response introduced its first data analysis and campaign management
solution, which was one of the first client/server based, enterprise-wide,
multi-channel marketing management software solutions configured to permit the

analysis of large amounts of customer data and the automation of marketing
strategies.
In 1998, Prime Response introduced a Windows-based, three-tier,
client/server product that works on a client's own database and runs on Windows
95 and Windows NT.
Today, Prime Response's marketing management solutions are
used by more than 80 clients to manage millions of customer relationships.

   
Prime Response's relationship marketing product suite is built around
Prime@Vantage, a Web-based system that incorporates an advanced user interface
and new software architecture to facilitate integration and product
enhancements, and Prime@Vantage com, which provides additional functionality,
including the ability to generate immediate personalized marketing initiatives
over the Internet in response to information generated across an organization.

   
Prime Response's solution features software architecture which makes it:

  .
highly flexible, so that it can be used to implement marketing plans,
    regardless of the complexity of the channel or medium, and so that
    clients can respond to rapid developments in market conditions and
    technology;

  .
scalable, so it can continue to support major company-wide marketing
    campaigns effectively to target customers and potential customers, and so
    that it can handle rapid increases in data volume as media such as the
    Internet are implemented and exploited;

  .
comprehensive, to include all functions required by the end-users to
    effectively manage and automate major marketing campaigns; and

  .
intuitive, so that it can be used in real-time, by personnel in various
    departments involved in marketing campaigns, without significant
    additional training or technical support.


Prime Vantage

   Strategy Manager.
Strategy Manager allows all departments of an organization
to participate in the organization's marketing campaigns.
Prime Response's
clients' marketing personnel can plan, execute, track and analyze marketing
strategies, while marketing departments can evaluate and budget campaigns prior
to implementation and measure the resulting return on investment.
Strategy
Manager also permits the generation and reporting of campaign results for real-
time distribution throughout a business, allowing timely response to marketing
data.

   
Campaign Manager.
Campaign Manager provides Prime Response's clients with
the functionality for operational planning and campaign execution.
This
function allows for comprehensive automated scheduling, rescheduling, execution
and monitoring of all tasks associated with marketing campaigns.
Prime
Response's clients can define campaign targets and parameters, campaign
components such as Internet or e-mail, more efficiently than with traditional
software solutions, using a variety of embedded tools and prompts.

 
Migration of Prime Vantage to Prime@Vantage

   In November 2000, Prime Response notified all of its clients operating the
Prime Vantage product on an Oracle platform of its intent to cease support and
maintenance of this product as of March 31, 2001.
Prime Response will offer
each affected client the opportunity to migrate to the Prime@Vantage
architecture, for an additional cost.


Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com

   Building on Prime Response's knowledge and expertise in the customer
relationship management industry, Prime Response introduced Prime@Vantage,
which features a complete revision of product architecture to facilitate system
flexibility, integration with Prime Response's clients' databases and
integration of new features as required, without the investment or cost
associated with significant code revisions.
Its updated graphical user
interface uses icons and cues typically used in Web browsers, facilitating its
use in an Internet environment.


Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com are founded on a comprehensive published
data model that allows for Windows or browser-based applications and a
foundation for continued functional enhancements.
Prime@Vantage.com is offered
as an add-on to Prime Response's Prime@Vantage product.
Prime@Vantage offers
the functions and features described above as well as additional functionality
as described below:

   Segmentation Manager.
The Segmentation Manager allows the definition and
execution of a "decision tree," incorporating conditional, dependent and
exclusivity processing.

   
Wizards and Assistants.
The Prime@Vantage solution incorporates a variety of
intelligent wizards and agents that help to guide a user through the various
system functions, such as building a marketing management campaign or defining
a segmentation strategy.
Incorporation of these user aids enables non-technical
personnel to utilize effectively the Prime@Vantage solution.

   
Prime Response has also introduced an add-on to its Prime@Vantage product
offering, Prime@Vantage.com, which will offer Web-based functions to support
and integrate Internet and traditional marketing efforts fully across an
organization.
Prime@Vantage.com allows Prime Response's clients to take
advantage of the Internet's ability to provide immediate, individualized
responses to customer inquiries.
Prime@Vantage.com offers Prime Response's
clients a dynamic link to campaign strategies from the client's home page
without requiring continual assistance from IT resources, enabling interactive,
real-time control of Web marketing strategies.
Prime@Vantage.com enables Prime
Response's clients to personalize Web-based marketing in real time based on
their customers profiles and allows its clients to link their operational
systems and data warehouses to e-mail, Website, or traditional marketing
channels.
Prime@Vantage.com is designed to be a Web-based, multi-channel
marketing solution that integrates Internet and other evolving marketing
channels--such as e-mail, the Web, automatic teller machines and mobile
communication systems--with traditional marketing channels such as direct mail,
call centers, point of sale, direct sales systems and mass market advertising.

   
Web Personalization Engine.
The Web Personalization Engine allows Prime
Response's clients instantaneously to personalize the Websites that their
customers view, based on the customer's Web activity and centralized business
and communication strategies.
This allows Prime Response's clients to combine
both Internet data and feedback from traditional marketing channels.
As a
result, marketing efficiency can be improved through real-time response
analysis.

   
E-mail Personalization Engine.
With the E-mail Personalization Engine,
relevant, timely and personalized e-mails can be constructed and delivered to
target audiences.
Outbound e-mails are distributed and response mailboxes can
be set up for automatic routing of inbound e-mail to the most relevant parts of
an organization.
E-mails can include universal resource locators, also known as
URL's, that take the recipient back to a personalized Web page.


Prime@Vantage
Wireless

   Prime Response's Prime@Vantage Wireless enables clients to deliver relevant,
timely offers to customers on their wireless devices through short messaging
service technology while they are actively engaged at or near the point of
purchase and most likely to buy.
Prime@Vantage Wireless is integrated into the
Prime@Vantage product suite.


Prime@Vantage Optimizer

   Prime Response's Prime@Vantage Optimizer is an enterprise-level marketing
decision support system which through outbound communications enables clients
to:

  .
synchronize and evaluate multiple marketing campaigns across all
    marketing channels;

  .
identify profitable customers; and

  .
predict optimal results before committing valuable marketing resources.


Professional Services

   
In addition to Prime Response's product offerings, Prime Response also
provides a variety of professional services to its clients which enable them to
rapidly become self-sufficient and to ensure rapid implementation and timely
return on their investment.
Prime Response's principal offerings include:

   Consulting Services.
Prime Response offers comprehensive consulting services
to facilitate implementation of Prime Response's products and to provide its
clients with a complete marketing management solution.
These consulting
services cover:

  .
Assessment Consulting.
Prime Response offers its clients a full range of
    assessment services, which are designed to improve the clients'
    understanding of Prime Response's product and service offerings.
Clients
    can choose their preferred combination of products and services based on
    their particular needs.

  .
Implementation Consulting.
Prime Response provides implementation
    services which include user, technical and systems administration
    training along with business consulting services linked to a client-
    selected pilot campaign.
The objective of the implementation plan is to
    allow Prime Response's clients to quickly and effectively deploy Prime
    Response's products as well as to establish a customer-specific,
    repeatable process for end-to-end management of their marketing
    campaigns.

  .
Business Consulting.
Prime Response offers its clients a full-range of
    strategic business consulting services designed to assist its clients in
    optimizing their marketing management initiatives and the use of Prime
    Response's solutions.
These services include development of Prime
    Response's clients' Internet marketing strategies, customer segmentation
    models, event-driven campaign design, and effective market testing and
    measurement techniques.

  .
Relationship Marketing Consulting.
Prime Response provides a set of
    service offerings to support its clients in effective management of Web-
    based marketing automation through the lifecycle of analysis, planning,
    execution and tracking of marketing campaigns across multiple on and off-
    line customer touch points, including the Web and e-mail.
The focus of
    these offerings is to emphasize the importance of the Internet as a new
    medium for building customer loyalty and the integration of this medium
    with traditional marketing channels to enhance overall marketing results.

   
Support and Maintenance Services.
Prime Response offers Internet and off-
line support and maintenance services to its clients which provide them with
hotline technical support, remote dial-in services for problem identification
and access to maintenance releases.

   
Applications Hosting Services.
Either directly through Prime Response's
service bureau or through business partners, Prime Response provides
outsourcing services to its clients who choose not to host their own
applications.
These services also extend to customer management solutions
including analytics, data management and mining, and consulting.
Prime Response
also continues to serve as a marketing database service bureau for any of its
clients who feel it cost-effective to outsource those activities.


Sales and Marketing

   Prime Response markets its products and services through a combination of
Prime Response's direct sales force and strategic alliance partners.
Prime
Response relies on a direct sales model because its products address critical
client needs that require close relationships with its clients.
Prime
Response's direct sales force is organized according to the primary vertical
markets it targets, including communications and media, financial services and
consumer goods.
As of December 31, 2000, Prime Response's direct sales force
included 12 sales representatives based primarily out of Prime Response's
United States offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts; Schaumburg, Illinois;
Lakewood, Colorado; and San Francisco, California.
Prime Response also had, as
of December 31, 2000, 22 sales representatives based out of its international
offices in England; Germany; France;

Singapore and Australia.
However, during January 2001, Prime Response has
undertaken plans to streamline and restructure its operations in an effort to
improve operating margins and reduce overall expenses.
This restructuring
included limited reductions in employee headcount through layoffs and
attrition, and is expected to include the closing of several regional offices,
including Prime Response's San Francisco and Minneapolis offices.

   
Prime Response supplements its direct sales force through alliances with
industry leaders, including consultants, systems integrators and service
providers.
Prime Response also markets its products and services through
relationships with hardware and software platform providers and with
complementary software providers.

   
Prime Response builds market awareness through a variety of programs,
including public relations and leadership activities such as media relations,
analyst relations and speaking engagements.
Prime Response attracts potential
clients through lead generation activities that include telemarketing, direct
mail programs, trade shows, seminars and conferences, Webinars and Website
marketing.
Prime Response also produces materials to help support sales to
prospective clients such as brochures, product sheets, white papers,
presentations and product demonstrations.


Strategic Alliance Partners

   Prime Response also markets its products and services through strategic
alliances that enable it to leverage its partners' resources, expertise and
customer base.
Prime Response currently has strategic alliances with:

  .
distributors and service providers that provide platforms on which Prime
    Response's products run;

  .
technology and solution providers, including both generic and vertical
    industry software solutions in the areas of sales and contact management,
    call center support, data mining and analysis, decision support and other
    solutions that are related to, but not a part of Prime@Vantage's
    integrated relationship marketing solution; and

  .
consultants that implement and integrate Prime Response's software for
    clients developing new comprehensive marketing solutions.

   
Some of Prime Response's strategic partners include:

   
Distributors and Service       Technology and Solution
   Providers                      Providers                    Consultants
   ------------------------       -----------------------      -----------

   MRM Worldwide                  Oracle Corporation           Accenture (formerly
   Fair, Isaac and Company, Inc.  Hewlett-Packard Company       Andersen Consulting)
   USKO Limited                   Sun Microsystems, Inc.       Mphasis Corp.
   LINK INESC Consultadoria       NCR Corporation              Mummert & Partner
    e Servicios, S.A.             Quadstone, Inc.              Unternchmensberatund AG
   Oculos                         SPSS, Inc.                   Logica plc
   Ultima Inc.                    MarketSwitch Corporation     Quaero LLC
                                  Metapath Software            Tata Consulting Services
                                   International               eBusiness Advantage, Inc.
                                  MicroStrategy, Inc.          Cap Gemini Ernst & Young
                                  Viador Inc.                  IXL Enterprises, Inc.
                                  DataMentors, Inc.
                                  MarketSoft Corporation, Inc.

Clients

   Prime Response targets clients in those vertical markets that it believes
have the most urgent requirements for advanced, integrated customer
relationship management solutions, including financial services, communications
and media, and consumer goods.
Within those vertical markets, Prime Response
targets businesses that have multi-channel requirements and large customer
bases.

   
Today, more than 80 clients use Prime Response products to manage millions
of customer relationships.
Some of the clients who have purchased licenses
and/or professional services from Prime Response include:

   Financial Services               Communications & Media       Consumer Goods         Other
   ------------------               
----------------------       --------------         
-----

   Advance Bank AG                  Advanced Information         1-800-flowers.com,     British Airways plc
   Alliance & Leicester plc          Services plc                 Inc.                  RAC Motoring
   Bank of Western Australia, Ltd.  British Telecommunications   CVS Corporation         Services Limited
   Deutsche Bank AG                  plc                         Edgars Retail Trading  Scottish Power plc
   CSFBdirect, Inc. (formerly       Cox Communications, Inc.      (Pty) Ltd.
    DLJdirect, Inc.)                MediaOne Group, Inc.         John Lewis Partnership
   E*Trade Group, Inc.              Omnitel Pronto Italia S.P.A. Priceline.com, Inc.
   National Westminster Bank plc    One 2 One Personal
   Quick & Reilly, Inc.              Communications Limited
   The Standard Life Assurance      Tele Danmark A/S
    Company                         Telenor Mobil
AS
   The Royal Bank of Scotland plc   Telstra Corporation Ltd.
   Gruppo Bancario Unicredito       Verizon Wireless Services,
    Italiano                         LLC
   Wachovia Operational
    Services Corp.


Competition

   The market for Prime Response's products and services is intensely
competitive and rapidly evolving.
Prime Response's primary competitors include:

  .
vendors of Internet-enabled marketing software, including E.piphany,
    Annuncio and Market First;

  .
vendors of inbound e-mail management systems, including eGain and Kana;

  .
vendors of outbound e-mail management systems, including Click Action,
    Exactis and Match Logic;

  .
traditional marketing, automation software companies such as Xchange
    Applications, Unica and Recognition Systems;

  .
traditional marketing database vendors and service bureaus that provide a
    combination of service bureau capabilities and proprietary software such
    as Axciom, Epsilon, Experian and Harte-Hanks;

  .
enterprise software vendors that to offer campaign management
    applications such as Oracle and Siebel; and

  .
in-house development efforts by prospective customers to design their own
    systems.

   
The principal competitive factors affecting the market are:

  .
depth and breadth of functionality offered;

  .
variety of marketing channels served;

  .
scalability and flexibility of use;

  .
speed and ease of implementation and use;

  .
price; and

  .
customer service and support.

   
Prime Response believes that it has competitive advantages that
differentiate Prime Response's products and services from those of its
competitors.
Prime Response believes that its highly functional product
offerings that serve multiple marketing channels provide Prime Response an
advantage over its competitors.
Prime Response also believes that the features
of Prime Response's Prime@Vantage, Prime@Vantage.com, Prime@Vantage Wireless
and Prime@Vantage Optimizer offerings will be an important competitive
advantage, permitting clients to integrate personalized Internet content and e-
mail with traditional marketing channels.

   
Despite these advantages, many of Prime Response's competitors have longer
operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing
and other resources than Prime Response does.
As a result, they may be able to
undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer more attractive pricing
terms, and bundle their products in a manner that would put Prime Response at a
competitive disadvantage.


Proprietary Rights and Licensing

   Prime Response regards its copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade
dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual property
as critical to its success, and Prime Response relies on trademark and
copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license
agreements with its employees, clients, independent contractors, partners and
others to protect its proprietary rights.
Despite Prime Response's precautions,
it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use its intellectual
property without its authorization.
Furthermore, the validity, enforceability
and scope of protection of intellectual property in Internet-related industries
is uncertain and still evolving.
The laws of some foreign countries do not
protect intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the United
States.

   
Prime Response pursues the registration of Prime Response's trademarks in
the United States and in the United Kingdom.
Prime Response may not be able to
secure adequate protection of its trademarks in the United States, the United
Kingdom and other countries.
Prime Response has registered trademarks for Prime
Response and Vantage in the United Kingdom and in the United States.
Prime
Response currently has applied for trademark registrations in the United States
for "Prime Response," "Prime Vantage," "Prime Vantage DCV," "Prime-
Response.com," "Prime-Vantage.com," and "Relationship Marketing Just Got
Better," among others.
There is no guarantee that Prime Response will be able
to maintain its current or obtain additional trademark registrations in the
United States or the United Kingdom or both, for one or more of these
trademarks, in which case Prime Response would be unable to fully enforce its
statutory trademark rights against third parties for these trademarks, and/or
Prime Response may decide to replace these trademarks with new trademarks.
This
could have a material adverse effect on Prime Response's business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

   
There can be no assurance that the steps that Prime Response has taken to
protect its proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not
infringe or misappropriate its copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade
dress and similar proprietary rights.
Effective trademark protection may not be
available in every country in which Prime Response conducts business, and
policing unauthorized use of its marks is difficult and expensive.
In addition,
Prime Response cannot be fully assured that other parties will not
independently develop substantially equivalent intellectual property.

   
Prime Response has been subject to claims and expects to be subject to legal
proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course of its
business, including claims of alleged infringement of the trademarks and other
intellectual property rights of third parties.
Such claims, even if not
meritorious, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and
managerial resources.
Prime Response cannot assure that any present or future
legal proceedings will not adversely affect its business.

   
Prime Response may be required to obtain licenses from others to refine,
develop, market and deliver new products and services.
Prime Response cannot
assure you that it will be able to obtain any license on

commercially reasonable terms or at all or that rights granted to Prime
Response pursuant to any license will be valid and enforceable.


Regulatory Environment

   A range of existing laws and regulations apply to transactions and other
activities on the Internet.
However, the precise applicability of these laws
and regulations to the Internet is sometimes uncertain.
Many were adopted prior
to the advent of the Internet and, as a result, do not contemplate or address
the unique issues of the Internet or electronic commerce.
Nevertheless,
numerous federal and state government agencies have already been successful in
promoting consumer protection and enforcing other regulatory and disclosure
statutes on the Internet.
Additionally, due to the increasing use of the
Internet as a medium for commerce and communication, it is likely that new laws
and regulations may be enacted with respect to the Internet and electronic
commerce covering issues such as user privacy, freedom of expression,
advertising, pricing, content and quality of products and services, taxation,
intellectual property rights and information security.

   
Congress has enacted a number of specific laws and regulations concerning
the use of the Internet.
As directed by Congress in the Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act, also known as COPPA, the Federal Trade Commission
recently adopted regulations, effective April 21, 2000, prohibiting unfair and
deceptive acts and practices in connection with the collection and use of
personal information from children under 13 years old on the Internet.
COPPA
prohibits harmful commercial communications over the Web that are available to
any person under 17 years old.
This act, however, was declared unconstitutional
by a federal district court on February 1, 1999, and that decision is currently
on appeal before a federal circuit court.
If the district court's decision is
overturned and that ruling is upheld upon further appeal, providing information
to minors over the Internet would be greatly limited.
However, because Prime
Response's Website is not directed at children and Prime Response does not
anticipate its widespread use by children, COPPA and the FTC's regulations, as
well as provisions under COPPA, should they be enforceable, should not have a
significant effect upon its business.
Nevertheless, the FTC has strongly
advocated that even general audience Websites establish privacy policies that
include procedures to disclose and notify users of privacy and security
policies, obtain consent from users for collection and use of information, and
provide users with the ability to access, correct and delete personal
information stored by Prime Response.
While Prime Response has adopted a
privacy policy regarding use of personal user information and has posted this
policy on its Website, its policies may not conform with regulations adopted or
policies advocated by the FTC or any other federal, state or foreign
governmental entity.

   
The European Union recently enacted its own privacy regulations.
The
European Union Directive on the Protection of Personal Data, which became
effective in October 1998, fosters electronic commerce by establishing a stable
framework to ensure both a high level of protection for private individuals and
the free movement of personal data within the European Union.
The European
Union and the United States Department of Commerce are currently negotiating an
agreement under which the privacy policies of American businesses may be deemed
to be adequate under the European Union Directive.
Until an agreement is
reached, the European Union has voluntarily agreed to a moratorium on
enforcement of the European Union Directive against United States businesses.

The European legislation and its adoption through any agreement could adversely
affect Prime Response's ability to expand its sales efforts to Europe by
limiting how information about Prime Response can be sent over the Internet in
the European Union, restricting its ability to collect information from
European users.

   
It is also possible that "cookies" may become subject to laws limiting or
prohibiting their use.
Certain currently available Internet browsers allow
Prime Response's clients' customers to modify their browser settings to remove
cookies at any time or prevent cookies from being stored on their hard drives.

In addition, a number of Internet commentators, advocates and governmental
bodies in the United States and other countries have urged the passage of laws
limiting or abolishing the use of cookies.
Limitations on or elimination of the
use of cookies could restrict the effectiveness of Prime Response's targeting
of advertisements.

   
Prime Response retains on its Website personal information about its clients
that it obtains with their consent.
Prime Response has a stringent privacy
policy covering this information.
As a matter of corporate

policy, Prime Response does not supply client lists to third parties.
However,
if third parties were able to penetrate Prime Response's network security and
gain access to or otherwise misappropriate Prime Response's users' personal
information, Prime Response could be subject to liability and its reputation
would be harmed.
Liability could include claims for misuses of personal
information, such as for unauthorized marketing purposes or unauthorized use of
credit cards.
These claims could result in litigation, Prime Response's
involvement in which, regardless of the outcome, could require Prime Response
to expend significant financial resources.

   
Legislative proposals have been made by the federal government that would
afford broader protection to owners of databases of information, such as stock
quotes and sports scores.
Such protection already exists in the European Union.

If enacted, this legislation could result in an increase in the price of
services that provide data to Websites.
In addition, such legislation could
create potential liability for unauthorized use of such data.


Employees

   As of December 31, 2000, Prime Response had a total of 217 full-time
employees in the United States and abroad, including 49 primarily engaged in
research and development, 86 in sales and marketing, 54 in client services and
support and 28 in finance and administration.
Prime Response has begun the
process of streamlining its operations in an effort to realign costs associated
with its business in order to improve operating margins and reduce overall
expenses.
This restructuring included limited reductions in employee headcount
during January, 2001 and is expected to include the closing of sales offices in
San Francisco, California and Minneapolis, Minnesota.
None of Prime Response's
employees is represented by a collective bargaining unit and, to date, Prime
Response has not experienced a work stoppage.


Properties

   Prime Response's principal offices are located at 150 CambridgePark Dr. in
Cambridge, Massachusetts, where Prime Response leases approximately 4,705
square feet.
Prime Response's lease for this facility expires in June, 2005.

Prime Response has also leased 15,000 square feet of space in Brighton,
Massachusetts and Prime Response plans to either sublet or assign these
premises.
The lease on this property expires in 2010.
Prime Response also
maintains regional sales offices and research and development facilities in
Schaumburg, Illinois; Lakewood, Colorado; San Francisco, California; Melbourne
and Sydney Australia; Brentford, England; Frankfurt and Munich, Germany; Paris,
France and Singapore.
In addition, in connection with the restructuring of
costs discussed above, Prime Response expects to close sales offices in San
Francisco, California and Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Legal Proceedings

   Prime Response is not a party to any material legal proceedings.
From time
to time, Prime Response may become a party to legal proceedings incidental to
the conduct of its business.

                              
PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

   You should read the following selected financial data in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and related notes of Prime Response and
"Prime Response Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 1999 and 2000 are derived from the audited consolidated financial
statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The consolidated
statement of operations data for the year ended December 31, 1996 and 1997, and
the balance sheet data as of December 31, 1996, 1997 and 1998 are derived from
audited consolidated financial statements not included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
Prime Response's historical results are not necessarily
indicative of results to be expected for future periods.

                                          
Year Ended December 31,
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                  1996     1997      1998      1999      2000
                                 -------  
-------  --------  --------  --------

Consolidated Statement of
 Operations Data:
Revenues:
 Software licenses.............  $   795  $ 2,933  $  8,495  $ 10,134  $ 15,750
 Services and support..........    1,410    2,495     4,214     6,519     9,906
 Applications hosting..........    4,764    4,754     3,827     3,869     3,207
                                 -------  -------  
--------  --------  
--------
   Total revenues..............    6,969   10,182    16,536    20,522    28,863
                                 -------  -------  
--------  --------  
--------
Cost of revenues:
 Software licenses.............      144       83       152        --        79
 Services and support..........    1,927    3,052     6,477     4,522     8,046
 Applications hosting..........    
1,777    1,923     2,477     2,776     3,314
 Non-cash cost of revenues.....       --       --        --       113       116
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
   Total cost of revenues......    3,848    5,058     9,106     7,411    11,555
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
Gross profit...................    3,121    5,124     7,430    13,111    17,308
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing...........    1,195    2,788     9,459    13,285    26,301
 Non-cash sales and
  marketing....................       --       --        --       266     2,701
 Research and development......    1,307    2,947     6,289    10,185    10,464
 Non-cash research and
  development..................       --       --        --        63       126
 General and administrative....    1,184    1,396     4,843     4,112     7,002
 Non-cash general and
  administrative...............       --       --        --     1,732       119
 Amortization of goodwill and
  other intangible assets......       --       --     1,279     1,245        --
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
   Total operating expenses....    3,686    7,131    21,870    30,888    46,713
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
Loss from operations...........     (565)  (2,007)  (14,440)  (17,777)  (29,405)
Other expense (income):
 Interest income...............       (5)    (155)     (219)     (115)   (2,054)
 Interest expense..............       64      227       294       184       318
 Interest expense related to
  beneficial conversion
  feature......................       --       --        --     2,500        --
 Loss on foreign exchange......       --        7        88        58        (5)
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
Loss before income taxes.......     (624)  (2,086)  (14,603)  (20,404)  (27,664)

Provision for income taxes.....       26      159        --        15       (74)
                                 -------  -------  --------  --------  --------
   Net loss....................     (650)  (2,245)  (14,603)  (20,419)  (27,590)
                                 -------  
-------  --------  --------  
--------
Preferred stock dividends and
 recognition of beneficial
 conversion feature on
 preferred stock...............       --      607     2,015     5,034    41,234
Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders..................  $  (650) $(2,852) $(16,618) $(25,453) $(68,824)
                                 
=======  =======  ========  ========  ========
Net loss per share--basic and
 diluted.......................  $(6,500) $ (2.43) $  (2.36) $  (3.44) $  (3.77)
                                 =======  =======  ========  ========  ========
Weighted average shares used in
 computing basic and diluted
 net loss per share............       --    1,173     7,035     7,405    18,237
                                 =======  =======  ========  ========  ========

                                                  December 31,
                                      
-----------------------------------------
                                      1996    1997     1998     1999     2000
                                      -----  -------  
-------  -------  -------

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents...........  $ 458  $22,106  $   530  $ 3,999  $27,139
Working capital (deficit)...........   (751)  11,482       62   (1,280)  22,782
Total assets........................  
3,026   26,722   10,152   25,515   51,082
Short-term and long-term debt and
 capital lease obligations..........    
563    1,296      973    2,600       78

Redeemable convertible preferred
 stock and redeemable common stock..     --   28,328   35,536   51,371       --
Stockholders' equity (deficit)......   (865) (16,227) (32,860) (44,496)  31,841

 PRIME RESPONSE MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
                           RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

   
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Prime Response's
consolidated financial statements, the related notes and the other financial
information appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
In
addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus contain forward-looking information that
involves risks and uncertainties.
Prime Response's actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to
competitive factors and other factors discussed under "Risk Factors" and
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.


Recent Events

   On January 8, 2001, Prime Response signed a definitive agreement and plan of
merger and reorganization with Chordiant Software, Inc.
The combined company
will be called Chordiant Software, Inc.
Under the terms of the agreement, each
outstanding share of Prime Response common stock will be converted into the
right to receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock (with cash being
issued in lieu of fractional shares).
The acquisition is expected to be
accounted for as a purchase under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
and is subject to the approval of both the stockholders of Chordiant and Prime
Response and certain regulatory approvals.

   
Prime Response has evaluated its cost structure and plans to streamline its
operations in an effort to restructure costs associated with its business in
order to improve operating margins and reduce overall expenses.
This
restructuring included limited reductions in employee headcount during January
2001 and is expected to include the closing of sales offices in San Francisco,
California and Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Prime Response will continue to evaluate
its business and take limited actions designed to align its cost structure with
anticipated future revenue levels.


Overview

   Prime Response is a provider of integrated relationship marketing software
solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create, manage
and execute highly targeted Internet, wireless and traditional marketing
campaigns that build more loyal and profitable customer relationships.
Prime
Response has over 13 years of experience in the use of technology to plan and
manage marketing programs.
Prime Response was founded in 1987 in the United
Kingdom.
Prior to 1999, its corporate headquarters was in London, England, and
its primary focus was on the European market.
In 1998, Prime Response began to
increasingly target the North American market, and in July 1999, moved its
corporate headquarters to Cambridge, Massachusetts.

   
Since 1995, Prime Response has incurred significant development costs to
develop its technology and new software products, particularly to introduce its
latest generation of Internet-based marketing management solutions.
With the
introduction of these products, Prime Response anticipates that research and
development expenses will stabilize and will decrease as a percentage of total
revenues.
Prime Response has expanded its direct sales force and increased
marketing expenditures relating to the introduction of its new product
offerings.
Prime Response expects sales and marketing expenses to decrease as a
percentage of total revenues.

   
Prime Response generates revenues principally from:

  .
licensing its software products directly to clients;

  .
providing related professional services, including implementation,
    consulting, support and training; and

  .
providing applications hosting services, including providing marketing
    database outsourcing services.

   
Prime Response's license agreements typically require its clients to pay an
upfront license fee for one or more software solutions for a specified number
of customer records in their database.
The amount of the license fee varies
principally depending upon the size of the client's database and number of
databases.
Clients can subsequently pay additional license fees to allow
additional entities within their corporate structure to access Prime Response's
applications, to purchase additional solutions or when the size of their
database increases.

 
Revenue Recognition

   Prime Response sells software licenses under master license agreements and
recognizes revenue when the agreements have been signed, the software has been
delivered, the license fee is fixed or determinable, and collection of the
resulting receivable is probable.
For license agreements which require
acceptance by Prime Response's clients, license revenues are recognized only
when obligations under the particular license agreement are completed and the
software has been accepted by the client.
For license agreements in which Prime
Response participates in financing arrangements, the fee is not considered to
be fixed or determinable and revenue is recognized as payments become due.

Prime Response provides professional services to clients under service
contracts and recognizes revenue on a time and materials basis as the services
are performed, provided that amounts due from clients are fixed or determinable
and deemed collectible by management.
These services are not essential to the
functionality of the software and are often performed by other parties.
Support
revenues, including those bundled with the initial license fee, are deferred
and recognized ratably over the maintenance period.
In the event that a
contract contains multiple elements, Prime Response allocates the aggregate of
the contract value to each element based on relative fair values as established
by vendor specific objective evidence.
Vendor specific objective evidence is
based on recent sales prices.
Prime Response provides applications hosting
services to clients and recognizes revenue as the services are performed.

   
The following table illustrates Prime Response's revenues for the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 by geographic region and in thousands:

                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                         -----------------------
                                                          1998    1999    2000
                                                         ------- -------
-------

North America........................................... $ 4,370 $ 3,487 $10,451
United Kingdom..........................................  12,025  15,758  14,887
Rest of the world.......................................     141   1,277   3,525
                                                         -------
------- -------
  Total.................................................
$16,536 $20,522 $28,863
                                                         ======= ======= =======

 Accenture (formerly Andersen Consulting) Relationship

   On December 6, 1999, Prime Response entered into a joint marketing agreement
with Accenture, and, along with an affiliate of Accenture, a stock and warrant
purchase agreement.
Pursuant to the stock and warrant purchase agreement, an
affiliate of Accenture purchased 428,000 shares of common stock and Accenture
received a warrant to purchase 682,000 shares of common stock.
This warrant has
an exercise price of $9.35 per share and vested on September 9, 2000.
The
aggregate purchase price paid by Accenture for the shares of common stock and
this warrant was $4.0 million.
Accenture has no performance obligations under
the stock and warrant purchase agreement or this warrant.

   
Prime Response recorded the stock at $9.35 per share.
The fair value of the
stock is $4,622,400.
Prime Response calculated the fair market value of the
warrants as of date of grant using the Black Scholes model with the following
assumptions: 7 year useful life (life of warrants), 6.07% risk-free interest
rate, zero dividends and 85.19% volatility.
Based on this calculation, the
extended fair market value of the warrants is $6,536,080.
In connection with
these issuances, Prime Response recorded an intangible asset of $7,158,000
which is equal to the excess of the aggregate fair market values of the common
stock and warrants over the purchase price.
This asset is being amortized as a
non-cash sales and marketing expense over its estimated useful life of four
years, which reflects the term of the marketing agreement.
As of December 31,
2000 accumulated amortization of this intangible was $2,088,000.

   
Prime Response issued a performance warrant to purchase 375,000 shares of
common stock to Accenture.
Of this amount, 300,000 shares will vest in share
increments determined by the extent to which $2.0 billion exceeds $357.8
million (which represents its market capitalization at the time of the initial
public offering).
An additional 75,000 shares will vest in increments of 7,500
shares for each $100.0 million that its market capitalization exceeds $2.0
billion, up to a maximum market capitalization of $3.0 billion.
This warrant
has an exercise price of $9.35 per share.
As of December 31, 2000, there had
not been any vesting of the performance warrants mentioned above.
Prime
Response also issued a performance warrant to purchase 375,000 shares of common
stock to Accenture which will vest in increments of 10,500 shares for each $1.0
million of sales resulting from joint marketing efforts up to $25.0 million and
then in increments of 4,500 shares of common stock for each $1.0 million of
sales from $25.0 million to $50.0 million.
This warrant has an exercise price
of $9.35 per share.
As of December 31, 2000, warrants to purchase 31,500 shares
of Prime Response common stock underlying these warrants had vested.

   
All of the warrants discussed above have a seven-year term.
In the event
that the marketing agreement is terminated as a result of a breach by
Accenture, no further vesting under the warrants will occur, but those warrants
which at the time of termination were already exercisable will remain
exercisable for the entirety of their term.

   
Prime Response is obligated to pay Accenture a commission if designated
sales targets are met.
The first five transactions were paid at a commission
rate of 50%, and all subsequent transactions will be paid at a commission rate
of 20%.
The first five transactions were completed during the second quarter of
2000, as a result, and Prime Response paid $1.2 million to Accenture.
During
the remainder of 2000, Prime Response recorded a commission payable to
Accenture in the amount of $250,000.
The commissions are included in sales and
marketing expenses.
In addition, if designated sales targets are met, Accenture
is obligated to provide up to $1.0 million in funding for joint marketing
efforts, business development personnel, structure feedback and sales support.

The majority of the approximately $1.5 million worth of commission earned by
Accenture in the year ended December 31, 2000 will be used to fund these
activities.
The expenditure of these funds is controlled by a committee
comprised of both Accenture and Prime Response personnel.
As of December 31,
2000, approximately $300,000 had been used to fund joint marketing efforts.

   
In addition, Prime Response is obligated to engage Accenture for consulting
services in connection with its services worth at least $1.0 million before
December 31, 2001.
As of December 31, 2000, Prime Response had engaged
Accenture for approximately $1.0 million worth of consulting services.


Results of Operations

   The following table sets out selected financial data as a percentage of
revenue for the periods indicated:

                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                  
---------------------------
                                                   1998      1999      2000
                                                  -------   -------   -------

Revenues:
  Software licenses..............................    51.4%     49.4%     54.6%
  Services and support...........................    25.5      31.8      34.3
  Applications hosting...........................    
23.1      18.8      11.1
                                                  -------   -------   -------
    Total revenues...............................   100.0     100.0     100.0
                                                  -------   -------   
-------
Cost of revenues:
  Software licenses..............................     0.9        --       0.3
  Services and support...........................    39.2      22.0      27.8
  Applications hosting...........................    15.0      13.5      11.5
  Non-cash cost of goods sold....................      --       0.6       0.4
                                                  -------   
-------   -------
    Total cost of revenues.......................    55.1      36.1      40.0
                                                  -------   -------   -------
Gross profit.....................................    44.9      63.9      60.0
                                                  -------   -------   -------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing............................    57.2      64.8      91.1
  Non-cash sales and marketing...................      
--       1.3       9.4
  Research and development.......................    
38.0      49.6      36.3
  Non-cash research and development..............      --       0.3       0.4
  General and administrative.....................    29.3      20.0      24.3
  Non-cash general and administrative............      --       8.4       0.4
  Amortization of goodwill and other intangible
   assets........................................     
7.7       6.1        --
                                                  -------   -------   -------
    Total operating expenses.....................   132.2     150.5     161.9
Other expense (income):
  Interest income................................    (1.3)     (0.6)     (7.0)
  Interest expense...............................     1.8       0.9       1.1
  Interest expense related to beneficial
   conversion feature............................      --      12.2        --
  Loss on foreign exchange.......................     0.5       0.3        --
                                                  -------   -------   -------
Loss before income taxes.........................   (88.3)    (99.4)    (96.0)

Provision for income taxes.......................      --      (0.1)     (0.3)
                                                  -------   -------   -------
Net loss.........................................   (88.3)%   (99.5)%   (95.7)%
                                                  =======   =======   =======

Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999

Revenues

   Total revenues increased by $8.3 million, or 40.6%, to $28.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 from $20.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999.

   
Software Licenses.
Software license revenues increased by $5.6 million, or
55.4%, to $15.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $10.1
million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Software license revenues
increased to 54.6% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 from
49.4% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The increase in
software license revenues was due primarily to growing market acceptance of
Prime Response's Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com products which were
released for general availability during December 1999.

   
Services and Support.
Revenues from services and support increased by $3.4
million, or 52.0%, to $9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from
$6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
For the year ended December
31, 2000, these revenues were 34.3% of total revenues compared to 31.8% during
the year ended December 31, 1999.
The dollar increase in services and support
revenues was due primarily to an increase in the number of sales of software
licenses, which resulted in increased demand for services and sales of software
maintenance and technical support.

   
Applications Hosting.
Revenues from applications hosting decreased by
$662,000, or 17.1%, to $3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from
$3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
These revenues represented
11.1% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 18.9%
of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The dollar decrease in
applications hosting is primarily due to reduced volume in services provided to
clients during the year ended December 31, 2000 as well as the expiration of
certain contracts at the end of 1999.
The decrease as a percentage of revenues
is due primarily to the increase in revenues from software licenses as Prime
Response continues to shift its focus to increasing software license revenue.


Cost of Revenues

   Total cost of revenues increased by $4.1 million, or 55.9%, to $11.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $7.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999.

   
Software License.
Software license costs include the commission earned under
an OEM agreement signed during 2000 for Prime Response's Prime@Vantage
Optimizer product.
These costs were $79,000 for the year ended December 31,
2000 compared to none for the year ended December 31, 1999.

   
Services and Support.
Services and support costs include salary expenses and
other related costs for Prime Response's professional services, maintenance and
telephone support staffs, as well as third-party contractor expenses.
Services
and support costs increased by $3.5 million, or 77.9%, to $8.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 from $4.5 million for the year ended December 31,
1999.
Services and support costs were 81.2% of services and support revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 69.4% for the year ended
December 31, 1999.
The increase in services and support costs for the year
ended December 31, 2000 was primarily due to a lag in hiring professional
service consultants which resulted in the use of more expensive outside
contractors to complete several implementations.

   
Applications Hosting.
Costs attributable to applications hosting consist
primarily of personnel-related costs and equipment maintained for the provision
of services to clients.
These costs increased by $500,000 or 19.4%, to $3.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $2.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
These costs were 103.3% of applications hosting
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 71.8% for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
The increase in these costs as a percentage of
outsourcing revenue for the year ended December 31, 2000 was primarily due to
(i) costs associated with the implementation of a disaster recovery system and
(ii) the decreasing revenue base as the costs have remained relatively fixed.

   
The non-cash cost of revenues increased to $116,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from $113,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999.
This
expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in connection
with the granting of stock options.
The expense results from the difference
between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on measurement date
and the exercise price of the option, which is being recognized over the
vesting period.


Operating Expenses

   Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries and other related costs for sales and marketing personnel, sales
commissions, travel, public relations and marketing materials and trade

shows.
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $13.0 million, or 98.0%, to
$26.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $13.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999.
Sales and marketing expenses increased to 91.1%
of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 64.8% for the year
ended December 31, 1999.
The increase in such expenses during the year ended
December 31, 2000 was primarily due to: (i) commission expenses of $1.5 million
earned by Accenture during the year ended December 31, 2000; (ii) increases in
staffing and personnel related costs, as Prime Response expanded its direct
sales force and expanded its presence in North America and (iii) investment in
the marketing and promotion of Prime Response's new generation of integrated
relationship marketing software products.

   
The non-cash sales and marketing expenses increased to $2.7 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 from $300,000 for the year ended December 31,
1999.
This expense represents (i) the amortization of stock compensation in
connection with the granting of stock options, which resulted from the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price of the option which is being recognized
over the vesting period; (ii) the amortization of the intangible asset recorded
in connection with the Accenture agreement; (iii) the value of the 31,500
warrants earned by Accenture during the year ended December 31, 2000, and (iv)
the value of the 40,000 stock options granted during the year ended December
31, 2000 to members of the newly formed Marketing Advisory Board which were
fully vested on the date of grant.

   
Research and Development.
Research and development expenses consist
primarily of personnel and equipment-related costs directly associated with the
development of both Prime Response's existing and future products.
Research and
development expenses increased by $300,000 or 2.7%, to $10.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000 from $10.2 million for the year ended December 31,
1999.
Research and development expenses decreased to 36.3% of total revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 49.6% for the year ended December 31,
1999.
The slight dollar increase in expenses for the year ended December 31,
2000 reflects the spending on third party contractors who perform quality
assurance and support for earlier versions of Prime Response's product and the
acquisition of computer equipment to support research and development
activities.
These research and development activities include new product
releases, integration efforts to integrate Prime Response's products with other
third party software products and porting and certification of its products
across multiple hardware platforms, operating systems and databases.
During the
year ended December 31, 2000, Prime Response announced two new product
releases: Prime@Vantage Wireless, the first technology solution to provide
integrated 1:1 marketing capabilities via wireless channels; and Prime@Vantage
Optimizer, a product which allows real-time optimization across all eMarketing
target channels and offers.
The percentage decrease in costs was primarily due
to (i) the completion of the development activity associated with Prime
Response's new Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com architecture, which occurred
during the year ended December 31, 1999, and (ii) the increase in Prime
Response's revenue base.

   
The non-cash research and development expense was $126,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2000 and $63,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999.
This
expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in connection
with the granting of stock options.
The expense results from the difference
between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on measurement date
and the exercise price of the option, which is being recognized over the
vesting period.

   
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of employee salaries and related expenses for executive, finance and
administrative personnel as well as external professional fees, certain
centrally-borne costs and the provision for doubtful accounts.
General and
administrative expenses increased by $2.9 million or 70.3%, to $7.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 from $4.1 million for the year ended December
31, 1999.
These expenses increased to 24.3% of total revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2000 from 20.0% for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The
increase in dollars and as a percentage of revenues was primarily attributable
to a $1.4 million provision for doubtful accounts that Prime Response recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2000 primarily in connection with several
software licenses for which collectibility became uncertain during the third
and fourth quarter of 2000.

   
The non-cash general and administrative expense decreased to $119,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2000 from $1.7 million for the year ended December
31, 1999.
This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation
expense in connection with the granting of stock options and shares of
restricted stock.
The expense results from the difference between the estimated
fair market value of the common stock on measurement date and the exercise
price of the option, which is being recognized over the vesting period.
The
$1.7 million expense for the year ended December 31, 1999 resulted from
compensation expense related to shares of restricted stock which were recorded
on the grant date.

   
Amortization of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
Amortization expense
decreased by $1.2 million, or 100%, to none for the year ended December 31,
2000 from $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
This expense was
solely attributable to the acquisition of certain intellectual property rights
and other intangible assets related to the MIND software product, which became
fully amortized during 2000.

   Interest Income.
Interest income increased by $1.9 million to $2.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $115,000 for the year ended December
31, 1999.
The increase is due to interest income earned on proceeds from Prime
Response's initial public offering during March 2000.

   
Interest Expense.
Interest expense increased to $318,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from $184,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The
increase is primarily due to interest expense on Prime Response's credit
facility which was obtained in November 1999 and terminated in June 2000.

   
Interest Expense Related to Beneficial Conversion Feature.
Interest expense
related to beneficial conversion feature was $2.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999.
Interest expense related to beneficial conversion feature
for the year ended December 31, 1999 results from the issuance of promissory
notes which were immediately convertible into series C preferred stock with the
conversion amount determinable by dividing the principal amount of the notes by
$3.00, which represents a discount from the fair value of the common stock on
the date of issuance.


Years Ended December 31, 1999 and 1998

Revenues

   Total revenues increased by $4.0 million, or 24.2%, to $20.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999 from $16.5 million for the year ended December 31,
1998.

   
Software Licenses.
Software license revenues increased by $1.6 million, or
18.8%, to $10.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $8.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Software license revenues decreased
slightly to 49.3% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 from
51.5% of total revenues for the prior year.
The dollar increase in software
license revenues was due primarily to growing market acceptance of Prime
Response's Prime Vantage products.

   
Services and Support.
Revenues from services and support increased by $2.3
million, or 54.8%, to $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from
$4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
These revenues increased to
31.7% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 25.5% of
total revenues for the previous year.
The increase in service and support
revenues was due primarily to an increase in the number of sales of software
licenses, which resulted in increased demand for services and sales of software
maintenance and technical support.

   
Applications Hosting.
Revenues from applications hosting increased by
$40,000 or 1.0%, to $3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $3.8
million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
These revenues represented 19.0%
of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 23.0% of
total revenues for the prior year.
Prime Response expects the proportion of
revenues attributable to applications hosting to decline as a percentage of
total revenues as it continues to focus on licensing its software products.


Cost of Revenues

   Total cost of revenues decreased by $1.7 million, or 18.7%, to $7.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $9.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

   
Software Licenses.
Software license costs consist primarily of expenses
incurred to translate software products and prepare related documents as well
as negligible expenses to manufacture, package and distribute

Prime Response's software products.
Software license costs decreased by
$152,000, or 100.0%, to zero in the year ended December 31, 1999 from $152,000
for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Software license costs were zero percent
of software license revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to
1.8% of such revenues for the prior year.
The decrease in software license
costs is primarily due to the fact that costs associated with the translation
of software products and preparation of related documents occurred during 1997
and 1998.

   
Services and Support.
Services and support costs include salary expense and
other related costs for Prime Response's professional services, maintenance and
telephone support staffs, as well as third-party contractor expenses.
Services
and support costs decreased by $2.0 million, or 30.8%, to $4.5 million in the
year ended December 31, 1999 from $6.5 million in the year ended December 31,
1998.
Services and support costs were 69.2% of services and support revenues
for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 154.8% of such revenues for
the prior year.
The decrease in services and support costs was primarily due to
an initial overstaffing in this area in 1998 and investment in services and
support infrastructure.
Prime Response reduced services and support staff in
the fourth quarter of 1998 in order to more closely align expenses with
revenues.

   
Applications Hosting.
Costs attributable to applications hosting consist
primarily of personnel-related costs and equipment maintained for the provision
of services to clients.
These costs increased by $300,000, or 12.0%, to $2.8
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998.
These costs were 72.4% of applications hosting
revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 65.3% of such
revenues for the prior year.
Typically these costs have been relatively fixed.

   
The non-cash cost of revenues increased to $113,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This expense
represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in connection with
the granting of stock options.
The expense results from the difference between
the estimated fair market value of the common stock on measurement date and the
exercise price of the option which is being recognized over the vesting period.


Operating Expenses

   Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries and other related costs for sales and marketing personnel, sales
commissions, travel, public relations and marketing materials and trade shows.

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $3.8 million, or 40.0%, to $13.3
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $9.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998.
Sales and marketing expenses increased to 64.9% of
total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to 57.6% for the
prior year.
The increase in such expenses was due primarily to increases in
staffing and personnel related costs, as Prime Response continued to expand its
direct sales force and expand its presence in North America.

   
The non-cash sales and marketing expense increased to $266,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This
expense represents (i) the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options, which results from the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price of the option which is being recognized
over the vesting period; and (ii) the amortization of the intangible asset
recorded in connection with the Accenture agreement.

   
Research and Development.
Research and development expenses consist
primarily of personnel and equipment-related costs directly associated with the
development of both Prime Response's existing and future

products.
Research and development expenses increased by $3.9 million, or
61.9%, to $10.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $6.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Research and development expenses
increased to 49.8% of total revenues in the year ended December 31, 1999 from
38.2% for the prior year.
The dollar and percentage increase in costs was
primarily due to significant investment in Prime Response's new Prime@Vantage
and Prime@Vantage.com products.

   
The non-cash research and development expense increased to $63,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998.

This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options.
The expense results from the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price of the option which is being recognized
over the vesting period.

   
General and Administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of employee salaries and related expenses for executive, finance and
administrative personnel as well as external professional fees and certain
centrally-borne costs.
General and administrative expenses decreased by
$700,000, or 14.6%, to $4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from
$4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
These expenses decreased to
20.0% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 29.1% for the
prior year.
This decrease was primarily attributable to a period of stability
following the recruitment and development of a professional management team in
1998.
After closing a financing in October 1997, Prime Response incurred
significant costs in early 1998 creating an infrastructure to manage a larger
company and establishing its North American operations.

   
The non-cash general and administrative expense increased to $1.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31,
1998.
This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options and restricted shares.
The
expense results from the difference between the estimated fair market value of
the common stock on measurement date and the exercise price of the option,
primarily resulting from imputed interest on a non-interest bearing loan which
is being recognized over the vesting period.

   
Amortization of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
Amortization expense
decreased by $30,000, or 2.3%, to $1.25 million for the year ended December 31,
1999 from $1.28 million for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This expense is
solely attributable to the acquisition of certain intellectual property rights
and other intangible assets related to the MIND software product.

   
Interest Income.
Interest income decreased by $104,000, or 47.5%, to
$115,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $219,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

   
Interest Expense.
Interest expense decreased by $110,000, or 37.4%, to
$184,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $294,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

   
Interest Expense Related to Beneficial Conversion Feature.
Interest expense
related to beneficial conversion feature increased to $2.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998.

Interest expense related to beneficial conversion feature for the year ended
December 31, 1999 results from the issuance of promissory notes which were
immediately convertible into series C preferred stock with the conversion
amount determinable by dividing the principal amount of the notes by $3.00,
which represents a discount from the fair value of the common stock on the date
of issuance.
The values attributable to the conversion feature on each note
represent an incremental yield, or a beneficial conversion feature, which are
recognized as additional interest on the notes.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

   On March 3, 2000, Prime Response completed its initial public offering
whereby Prime Response sold 3,500,000 shares of common stock at $18.00 per
share.
During April 2000, the underwriters of the initial public

offering exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional
525,000 shares.
Net proceeds to Prime Response after deducting underwriting
commissions and estimated offering expenses were approximately $65.4 million.

Prior to the initial public offering, its primary source of funding had been
through the private sale of convertible preferred stock and attached warrants.

As of December 31, 1999, Prime Response had received aggregate net proceeds of
$39.1 million from private financings.

   
In October 1999, Prime Response entered into a $5.0 million financing
arrangement with Greyrock Capital, a Bank of America company, providing an
upfront term loan of $2.0 million with the balance being funded against Prime
Response's receivables position within the United States and in the United
Kingdom.
The arrangement had a 12-month renewable term.
The $2.0 million that
was borrowed during 1999 was repaid during March 2000 with the proceeds from
the initial public offering.
The credit facility was terminated during June
2000.

   
Cash and cash equivalents were $27.1 million at December 31, 2000, compared
to $4.0 million at December 31, 1999 and $500,000 at December 31, 1998.
In
addition, working capital at December 31, 2000, was $22.8 million compared to
$(1.3) million at December 31, 1999.
The increase from December 31, 1999 is
primarily attributable to the proceeds from the initial public offering.

   
Net cash used in operating activities was $23.1 million during the year
ended December 31, 2000, compared to $11.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 1999 and $13.7 million during the year ended December 31, 1998.

The majority of the cash used in operating activities during the year ended
December 31, 2000 results from funding of operating losses in excess of non-
cash expense and an increase in accounts receivable.

   
Net cash used in investing activities was $2.4 million during the year ended
December 31, 2000 compared to $1.4 million during the year ended December 31,
1999 and $3.9 million during the year ended December 31, 1998.
During 1999 and
2000, the cash used in investing activities was for capital expenditures.

During 1998, $1.8 million of the cash used in investing activities was for
capital expenditures and $2.8 million was attributable to the MIND acquisition.

Prime Response has entered into a ten-year lease agreement to lease
approximately 15,000 square feet of space in Brighton, Massachusetts.
The
annual rent on this space is approximately $500,000.
In connection with this
move Prime Response has also entered into a Construction Management Agreement
to build out this space for an estimated cost of approximately $1.0 million.
As
of December 31, 2000 approximately $500,000 had been expended.
As a result of
the impending merger with Chordiant, Prime Response intends to sublease or
assign these premises.
To the extent these costs cannot be recovered through a
sublease, they will be expensed in the first quarter of 2001.
In addition,
Prime Response intends to continue to invest in its systems infrastructure to
better support its clients, improve the ongoing efficiency of its product
development process and facilitate internal communications and virtual team
working.

   
Net cash provided by financing activities was $48.7 million during the year
ended December 31, 2000 compared to $16.1 million during the year ended
December 31, 1999 and $(3.9) million during the year ended December 31, 1998.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, Prime Response completed its initial
public offering and received net proceeds of $65.4 million after deducting
underwriting commissions and offering expenses.
From these net proceeds, Prime
Response repaid certain indebtedness totaling $6.3 million and paid dividends
and participation payments on the preferred stock totaling $10.5 million.

   
In 1995, Prime Response began to transition from a marketing database
service bureau to a software company.
Since that time, Prime Response has
incurred substantial operating losses.
Prime Response cannot be certain if or
when it will become profitable.

   
Prime Response believes that its existing balance of cash and cash
equivalents will be sufficient to meet its working capital and anticipated
capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months.
In the event that
the impending merger with Chordiant does not close, Prime Response may require
additional sources of funds to continue to support its business.
There can be
no assurance that such capital, if needed, will be available or will be
available on terms which Prime Response finds acceptable.
Prime Response has
evaluated its cost structure and plans to streamline its operations in an
effort to restructure costs associated with its business in

order to improve operating margins and reduce overall expenses.
This
restructuring included limited reductions in employee headcount during January
2001 and is expected to include the closing of sales offices in San Francisco,
California and Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Prime Response will continue to evaluate
its business and take limited actions designed to align its cost structure with
anticipated future revenue levels.
In connection with the restructuring, Prime
Response has committed to pay severance payments in the amount of approximately
$2.0 million during 2001.

   
As a result of Prime Response's losses, it does not expect to pay U.S.
income taxes in the foreseeable future.
As of December 31, 2000, Prime Response
has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $52.0 million to offset
future income taxes.


Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, commonly
referred to as SAB 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements."
SAB 101
summarizes the SEC's view in applying U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles to selected revenue recognition issues.
The application of the
guidance in SAB 101 (as amended by SAB 101A and SAB 101B) was required in the
fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2000.
Adoption of SAB 101 did not have a
material affect on the financial statements of Prime Response.


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

   Prime Response does not engage in trading market risk sensitive instruments
or purchasing hedging instruments or "other than trading" instruments that are
likely to expose it to market risk, whether interest rate, foreign currency
exchange, commodity price or equity price risk.
Prime Response has not
purchased options or entered into swaps or forward or future contracts.


Foreign Currency Risk

   International revenues from Prime Response's foreign subsidiaries were 64%
of total revenues in 2000.
International sales are made mostly from Prime
Response's foreign sales subsidiaries in their respective countries and are
typically denominated in the local currency of each country.
These subsidiaries
also incur most of their expenses in the local currency.
Accordingly, all
foreign subsidiaries use the local currency as their functional currency.

   
Prime Response is also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the
financial results of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars in
consolidation.
As exchange rates vary, these results, when translated, may vary
from expectations and adversely impact overall expected results of operations.

   
Prime Response's international business is subject to risks typical of an
international business, including, but not limited to differing economic
conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other
regulations and restrictions and foreign exchange rate volatility.
Accordingly,
Prime Response's future results could be materially adversely impacted by
changes in these or other factors.

                           
PRIME RESPONSE MANAGEMENT

Directors and Executive Officers

   
The following sets forth information regarding the executive officers and
directors of Prime Response who will either resign upon the completion of the
merger or who will continue as a director or executive officer of the surviving
corporation .

               
Name              Age                 Position
               ----              ---                 --------

   Terence H. Osborne(1)(2)(4).. 62  Chairman of the Board

                                     Chief Technology Officer (resigned) and
   James Carling(3)(4)..........
40  Director

   William E. Ford(2)........... 39  Director

   Marc F. McMorris(1)(4)....... 32  Director

   William W. Wyman(1)(2)(4)....
62  Director

   Allen A. A. Swann............ 50  Chief Executive Officer and President

   Gary Daniels................. 46  Vice President, Product Development

- --------

(1) Current member of the Audit Committee.


(2) Current member of the Compensation Committee.


(3) Mr. Carling resigned as Prime Response's Chief Technology Officer on
    January 18, 2001 but is currently a director of Prime Response.


(4) Messrs. Osborne, Carling, McMorris and Wyman will resign as directors of
    Prime Response upon completion of the merger.

   
Terence H. Osborne has served as a Director of Prime Response since November
1997, and as the Chairman of the Board since February 1999.
He also served as
Prime Response's Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis from September
1998 to February 1999.
Mr. Osborne previously served as the Chairman of the
Board of Dr. Solomon's Group PLC, a software company, from September 1996 to
August 1998.
From September 1994 to October 1996, Mr. Osborne served as
President of System Software Associates Inc.
Prior to that time, Mr. Osborne
held a variety of positions with IBM Corporation in both the United States and
Europe including Vice President General Systems Division and Vice President
Marketing for Europe.
Mr. Osborne is a director of Mapics Inc., a provider of
e-business enterprise applications, and Dendrite International Inc., a provider
of sales solutions and support services for the pharmaceutical industry.
He
also serves on the advisory boards of other US and European software companies
and is a Special Advisor to General Atlantic Partners, LLC, an affiliate of
Prime Response.

   
James Carling co-founded Prime Response's predecessor entity in 1990 and
currently serves as a director.
From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Carling served as Chief
Technology Officer of Prime Response and from 1990 to 1998, he served as its
President and Chief Executive Officer.
Prior to that time, Mr. Carling served
as Director, Computer Services and as General Manager of Mailforce Limited, a
direct marketing company.
Mr. Carling has also held various positions as a
developer of information technology with both American Express and the British
Government.

   
William E. Ford has served as a director of Prime Response since October
1997.
Mr. Ford has served as a managing member of General Atlantic Partners,
LLC (or its predecessor), a private equity investment firm, and an affiliate of
Prime Response, that invests globally in Internet information technology
companies, since 1991.
Mr. Ford also serves as a director of Priceline.com,
Inc., a provider of Internet pricing systems, E*Trade Group, Inc., a provider
of Internet financial services, Eclipsys Corporation, a software company, Wit
Soundview Group, Inc., a technology focused investment bank and several private
information technology companies.

   
Allen A. A. Swann has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of
Prime Response since January 2001.
Mr. Swann served as President, International
of Prime Response from October 1999 to January 2001.
From 1998 to September
1999, Mr. Swann served as Prime Response's Senior Vice President, International
Operations.
Prior to joining Prime Response, Mr. Swann served as the Director
of Sales and the Director of Alliances at Oracle UK Ltd., a software company,
from April 1986 to January 1998.
Mr. Swann was previously employed at Comshare,
a provider of financial and database modeling solutions, and at British Gas,
where he worked in the operational research division.

   
Gary Daniels joined Prime Response in November 1998 as Vice President,
Product Development.
From October 1997 to November 1998, Mr. Daniels served as
Senior Vice President of Product Development at Armature Ltd., a provider of
integrated retail solutions.