URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/908527/000095014701500823/0000950147-01-500823.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Beginning in early 1999, FFCA's senior management commenced a strategic
review of its then current method of operations.
At that time, FFCA's method of
operations had been changing with a greater emphasis on loan securitizations and
fee-based services.
In addition, new business opportunities were being
identified which were not related to the passive ownership of real estate.
The
Tax Code limits FFCA's ability to pursue many of these future growth
opportunities because of FFCA's status as a REIT.
At the same time, FFCA was
facing competition from existing and new sources.
In addition, the capital
markets that FFCA participated in for funding new financings were undergoing
changes.
The effects on

FFCA's operations of these changes in the capital markets, competition and REIT
provisions of the Tax Code are discussed in more detail below.

     
CAPITAL MARKETS.
Since FFCA's organization as a REIT in 1994, FFCA has
relied principally on four external sources of capital to fund new investments:
loan securitizations, whole loan sales, corporate borrowings and the sale of
common stock.
As described below, each of these capital sources presented, and
continues to present, unique challenges that FFCA believes may limit FFCA's
operating results and stock market performance in the future.

     
*    LOAN SECURITIZATIONS.
Since 1994, FFCA's largest source of capital has
          been through the securitization of loans.
In these securitizations,
          FFCA's loans are transferred to a trust that issues trust certificates
          or other securities that are then sold to institutional investors.
          
FFCA believes that the securitization markets may not be a reliable
          and competitive source of capital for FFCA in the future since the
          number of purchasers for securities issued in this type of transaction
          is becoming more limited and there have been recent loan delinquencies
          in comparable securitizations that were sponsored by parties other
          than FFCA.
In addition, future reliance on loan securitizations to
          fund substantial investments by FFCA will likely result in a greater
          percentage of FFCA's assets being comprised of subordinated
          securitization securities that FFCA retains when it enters into a
          securitization transaction.
The cash flows from, and value of, these
          subordinated securitization securities can be volatile.
FFCA also
          believes that further material increases in the amount of subordinated
          securitization securities it holds may negatively affect FFCA's
          corporate debt ratings in the future, making it more difficult to
          raise capital through the issuance of debt.

     
*    WHOLE LOAN SALES.
In 2000, FFCA commenced a whole loan sale program as
          a result of the execution of a loan sale agreement and servicing
          agreement with Washington Mutual Bank, FA.
Under this program, a
          taxable REIT subsidiary of FFCA receives income from the origination
          and sale of loans, as well as continuing revenue from FFCA's servicing
          of the loans after they are sold.
Under the loan sale agreement, which
          is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2002, Washington Mutual is not
          obligated to and does not purchase all loans originated by FFCA.
          
During 2000, Washington Mutual purchased approximately half of the
          loans FFCA originated.
In addition, the purchase of loans under the
          loan sale agreement is subject to borrower credit concentration
          limits.
Washington Mutual has recently informally indicated to FFCA
          that it intends to reduce these concentration limits.
This recent
          indication by Washington Mutual will require FFCA to continue to
          develop the use of other capital sources to fund new investments.
          
Although whole loan sales permit FFCA to conduct business without the
          need for additional capital, FFCA believes there are risks in
          substantially relying on whole loan sales as a source of capital in
          the future since the sale of loans to Washington Mutual or other
          institutional investors is not under FFCA's complete control.
In
          addition, FFCA believes that whole loan sales have increased the
          volatility of FFCA's funds from operations ("FFO"), making FFCA's
          future growth more difficult for investors to evaluate.
As a result,
          FFCA believes that investors may discount FFCA's ability to originate
          and sell loans in the future in amounts sufficient to achieve
          acceptable increases in FFO, which may negatively affect the market
          price of FFCA's stock.
In addition, governmentally regulated financial
          institutions may be subject to regulations which may restrict or limit
          their ability to purchase franchise loans.
These restrictions, if
          increased, could negatively affect FFCA's ability to sell loans in the
          future.

     
*    CORPORATE BORROWINGS.
As of March 31, 2001, FFCA had investment-grade
          debt ratings of BBB, Baa2 and BBB- from Fitch, Moody's and Standard
          and Poor's, respectively.
FFCA believes that favorable credit ratings
          are essential to make additional borrowings at favorable rates in the
          future and strongly influence FFCA's costs of shorter-term credit
          lines.
FFCA also believes a material

          increase in the amount of subordinated securitization securities it
          holds from entering into securitization transactions as described
          above could negatively affect FFCA's corporate credit ratings and
          result in reduced financial flexibility and greater shareholder risk
          in the future.
Incurring debt to fund increasing origination volumes
          without accessing new equity capital presents difficulties for FFCA
          because FFCA is required to maintain specified debt-to-equity ratios
          under various agreements.

     
*    COMMON STOCK.
Since January 1997, the market price of FFCA's common
          stock has declined as a multiple of the estimate of FFCA's projected
          FFO by security analysts that follow FFCA's stock.
As a result of
          FFCA's lower FFO trading multiples, FFCA currently believes that the
          issuance of its common stock would result in the dilution of its
          shareholders or would not achieve an acceptable rate of return.
Since
          the amount of corporate debt which FFCA may issue is limited by
          covenants relating to FFCA's debt-to-equity ratio, FFCA's inability to
          issue common stock at appropriate prices effectively limits its
          ability to issue debt to fund financing activities, thereby reducing
          corporate financial flexibility and competitiveness in the future.

     
COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT.
Over the past several years, FFCA has encountered
competition in FFCA's principal business of financing chain stores from large,
diversified financial institutions competing in FFCA's market.
FFCA believes
that these diversified financial institutions have competitive advantages over
FFCA because of their lower cost and greater availability of capital as compared
to FFCA.
Higher capital costs limit FFCA's ability to offer financing at rates
similar to those offered by diversified financial institutions and could
restrict FFCA's growth.

     
REIT STATUS.
In order to maintain FFCA's status as a REIT under the Tax
Code, a substantial majority of FFCA's income and assets must be derived from
passive real estate activities.
Income from whole loan sales, servicing third
parties' loan portfolios and the sale of products and services to chain store
operators (such as insurance products and personnel services) are not qualifying
income under the REIT provisions of the Tax Code.
As a result, FFCA believes
that the REIT provisions of the Tax Code could limit its business opportunities
in the future.

     
CHRONOLOGY.
In light of these business issues, FFCA's senior management,
with the concurrence of its board of directors, retained Merrill Lynch & Co. and
Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc. during the first quarter of 1999 to act as FFCA's
financial advisors.
The financial advisors were retained to review FFCA's
position in its industry and strategic alternatives, and to identify companies
which would potentially be interested in a merger, consolidation, reorganization
or other strategic business transaction with FFCA.

     
On April 7, 1999, at a special meeting of FFCA's board of directors,
representatives of Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns discussed the state of the
commercial finance industry and the valuation of commercial finance companies,
and reviewed their process for identifying strategic alternatives for FFCA.
At
that meeting, the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett was retained as special
counsel to FFCA and representatives of that firm reviewed with the board its
legal duties in connection with the exploration of strategic alternatives.

Representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett also reviewed the terms of a
proposed shareholders' rights agreement for FFCA, which was adopted by the board
of directors at that meeting.
At that meeting, the board also authorized the
compensation committee of the board to consider the adoption of
change-in-control or similar agreements to provide appropriate protection and
incentives for FFCA's senior management and other key employees of FFCA to
continue their employment with FFCA in light of FFCA's exploration of strategic
alternatives.
The board of directors also authorized the financial advisors to
solicit indications of interest from third parties for a possible transaction
with FFCA.

     
Following the April 7, 1999 meeting, Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns
identified potential purchasers and joint venture partners to be contacted.

Initially, approximately 25 companies were identified and contacted.
These
companies were selected based upon their market capitalization, cost of and
access to capital and interest and/or participation in FFCA's targeted industry.

These companies included diversified finance companies, foreign and domestic
depository institutions and insurance companies.
Of these 25 companies, 14
companies signed confidentiality and standstill agreements, following which
information regarding FFCA was provided to them.
Following the initial review of
FFCA's confidential material, only two of these 14 interested companies
expressed non-binding indications of interest to continue discussions with FFCA
relating to the purchase of all of the common stock of FFCA.
FFCA believes,
based on the various discussions held with the interested companies and with the
other contacted parties, that the limited number of interested parties was
primarily a result of FFCA's large size and its unique mix of assets.
In
addition, FFCA believes that many of the potential purchasers did not pursue an
acquisition of FFCA because FFCA's assets were limited to a single asset class
or loan type which exceeded the loan concentration policies of the potential
purchasers or exceeded limits placed on those entities by federal and state
regulators.
FFCA's direct ownership of real estate creates obstacles for
financial institutions in acquiring FFCA because those institutions are subject
to regulation by federal and state banking authorities that prevent the
institutions from acquiring real estate asset portfolios like FFCA's portfolio.

     
On April 29, 1999 and May 7, 1999, the compensation committee of the board
of directors held meetings and received advice from representatives of Hewitt
Associates, independent compensation consultants to FFCA, and representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett regarding proposals for continuity
(change-in-control) agreements to be entered into with FFCA's executive officers
and other senior managers.
No action was taken by the compensation committee at
these meetings.

     
At a regularly scheduled meeting held on May 12, 1999, the board of
directors, upon the recommendation of the compensation committee which met
earlier on the same date, approved and adopted the proposed change-in-control
program for FFCA's management in order to provide management with appropriate
protection and incentives to continue their employment with FFCA.
At that
meeting, Morton H. Fleischer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FFCA,
reviewed with and updated the board of directors as to the status of the
financial advisors' and management's efforts regarding a strategic transaction,
including the number of parties contacted and the difficulties the contacted
parties expressed in pursuing a possible transaction with FFCA.

     
On May 19 and May 26, 1999, FFCA received separate written non-binding
indications of interest from GE Capital and another party expressing preliminary
interest in pursuing a transaction with FFCA.
In order to complete a transaction
with FFCA, the other potential acquiror indicated that additional parties would
be required to participate with it in the transaction.
The other potential
acquiror did not continue negotiations with FFCA with respect to the
acquisition.

     
During May and June of 1999, GE Capital conducted its initial due diligence
review of FFCA's operations in Scottsdale, Arizona.

     
After further due diligence, on July 12, 1999, FFCA received a subsequent
non-binding indication of interest from GE Capital to purchase all of FFCA's
outstanding common stock, identifying a number of significant conditions to the
signing and completion of a transaction, including continued due diligence
review, negotiation of a mutually satisfactory merger agreement, receipt of a
private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to FFCA's retention
of its REIT status for the year in which the then proposed GE Capital
acquisition would occur in a form satisfactory to GE Capital, execution of
employment agreements with various members of FFCA's management and defeasance
or repayment of FFCA's then outstanding debt.
At the same time that this
expression of interest was made, Weil,

Gotshal & Manges LLP, GE Capital's legal counsel, distributed written comments,
reflecting GE Capital's proposal including the conditions listed above, to the
form of merger agreement prepared by FFCA's counsel.
Mr. Fleischer individually
advised the members of the board of FFCA's receipt of and terms of this
indication of interest.
FFCA, with the concurrence of its board, decided to
further pursue this indication of interest and directed its financial and legal
advisors to continue negotiations and due diligence activities with GE Capital
and its advisors.

     
During July through September 1999, FFCA and its advisors continued the
diligence and negotiation efforts with GE Capital and its advisors, attempting
to resolve the various open issues between the parties, including the purchase
price and the conditions contained in GE Capital's proposal.

     
On July 30 and August 9, 1999, at meetings of the board of directors, Mr.
Fleischer advised the board on the current status of the proposed transaction
with GE Capital, and representatives of the financial advisors reviewed with the
board the results of their efforts to solicit interest in a strategic
transaction, including the fact that an initial list of approximately 25
companies was contacted, 14 companies signed confidentiality and standstill
agreements and received confidential materials and two companies had submitted
non-binding indications of interest and conducted further due diligence.
Except
for the July 12, 1999 subsequent non-binding indication from GE Capital, no
other subsequent indications of interest were received.
The board of directors
instructed the company and its advisors to continue their efforts.

     
During August 1999, FFCA's senior management met with representatives of
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter to discuss strategic alternatives to the proposed
acquisition by GE Capital.
Morgan Stanley was contacted because of its knowledge
of FFCA's securitization transactions, and in particular, the cash flows
generated by FFCA's assets.
In addition, Morgan Stanley was at that time
generally regarded as the leading investment baking firm with respect to
franchise loan securitizations.
Morgan Stanley has been the primary investment
banker for FFCA's recent mortgage loan securitization transactions, and as a
result, has significant knowledge and experience relating to the cash flows
generated by FFCA's assets.
Following these discussions, at the direction of
FFCA, Morgan Stanley conducted extensive portfolio modeling to review the
potential for funding a corporate recapitalization and new business through
significant mortgage securitization transactions.
The portfolio modeling
consisted of a review and analysis of the cash flow generated by FFCA's assets
and estimated future financings.
These strategic alternatives were not pursued
by FFCA because of their reliance on a single funding strategy within
increasingly volatile capital markets.

     
On September 17, 1999, at a special meeting of the board, representatives
of Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns reviewed with the board the current status of
negotiations with GE Capital.
In addition, FFCA's counsel reviewed the current
draft of the merger agreement with respect to the significant issues which
remained unresolved.
At that meeting, representatives of Merrill Lynch and Bear
Stearns also advised the board of directors regarding structural alternatives to
a sale of FFCA.
FFCA's senior management previously requested that the advisors
review these alternatives so that the board could consider all possible
alternatives to a sale of FFCA.
These alternatives included:

     *    the creation of a taxable corporation whose stock would be distributed
          to FFCA shareholders in a spin-off transaction;
     *    the organization of a taxable corporation as one of FFCA's
          subsidiaries; and
     *    the organization of a taxable corporation with a real estate
          investment trust as a subsidiary.


The proposed purpose of forming these corporations was to isolate in a separate
taxable corporation the activities that would create income that would not
qualify under the REIT provisions of the Tax Code in order to give FFCA greater
operational flexibility.
Although no action was taken at this time with respect

to any alternatives, the board directed FFCA and its advisors to continue
negotiating with GE Capital and its advisors while also investigating
alternative operating structures available to FFCA.

     
Following this meeting, negotiations and due diligence with GE Capital
continued with respect to the proposed transaction, but the parties were unable
to resolve numerous issues with respect to GE Capital's acquisition of FFCA.
In
addition, FFCA and its advisors continued to pursue operating structures which
presented alternatives to a sale of FFCA.

     
On October 29, 1999, at a special meeting of the board, representatives of
Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and FFCA's legal advisors reported to the board on
the status of negotiations with GE Capital, including the inability of the
parties to reach agreement on the unresolved issues and various conditions
contained in GE Capital's proposal.
Following discussion, the board declined to
pursue GE Capital's proposal and decided to terminate negotiations with GE
Capital at that time.
The board directed its financial advisors to inform GE
Capital and its advisors of the board's decision.
The board's decision was based
in part on the difficulties of the parties in reaching agreement on the terms
and conditions for a transaction and on the existence of other alternatives the
board believed were available to potentially enhance FFCA's liquidity and access
to capital, including the origination and sale of whole loans to third parties,
specifically under a proposed whole loan sale program with Washington Mutual
Bank, FA.

     
On December 10, 1999, the board held a special meeting to approve the terms
of a whole loan sale program under a proposed loan purchase agreement with
Washington Mutual.
Under this agreement, Washington Mutual agreed to purchase
loans originated by FFCA under stated conditions.
At this time, the board also
approved employment agreements with FFCA's five executive officers, as required
by Washington Mutual, having terms that matched the term of the Washington
Mutual agreement.

     
On January 4, 2000, in order to facilitate FFCA's whole loan sale program,
FFCA organized FFCA Funding Corporation as a non-qualified REIT subsidiary to
originate and sell mortgage loans (FFCA Funding was subsequently converted into
a taxable REIT subsidiary in January, 2001).
For tax years beginning after
December 31, 2000, generally not more than 20% of a REIT's total assets can be
represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries.
Therefore,
this rule could potentially constrain FFCA's ongoing ability to pursue business
opportunities within its taxable REIT subsidiary.

     
On January 28, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting, the board of
directors approved a change of FFCA's state of incorporation from Delaware to
Maryland, which was subsequently approved by FFCA's shareholders in May 2000.

The change in the state of incorporation was done primarily to save $150,000
annually on amounts FFCA was paying in Delaware state franchise taxes and to
obtain the favorable benefits of Maryland law that apply to REITs.

     
During 2000, FFCA's primary sources of capital used to fund its investment
activity were through whole loan sales to Washington Mutual and loan
securitizations.

     
On October 23, 2000, representatives of Goldman Sachs & Co., GE Capital's
financial advisor, contacted representatives of Merrill Lynch to determine
FFCA's interest in renewing discussions with GE Capital regarding a potential
acquisition of FFCA's common stock by GE Capital.
In November 2000,
representatives of GE Capital had a telephone call with Mr. Fleischer to renew
the negotiations that had been suspended on October 29, 1999.
Following this
call, Mr. Fleischer advised the members of FFCA's board that GE Capital wanted
to resume negotiations and the board agreed that FFCA should resume the
negotiations.

     
On December 13, 2000, Mr. Fleischer and Christopher H. Volk, President and
Chief Operating Officer of FFCA, met with representatives of GE Capital in New
York and continued discussions for the

renewal of the parties' negotiations.
Following this meeting, Mr. Fleischer
instructed Merrill Lynch to renew negotiations with GE Capital's advisors, as
well as to renew its efforts to solicit indications of interest from other
companies (including parties previously contacted) to determine if any
additional parties would be interested in a transaction with FFCA.

     
On January 23, 2001, FFCA received a non-binding indication of interest
from GE Capital to purchase all of FFCA's outstanding common stock for a cash
price of $25 per share.
The indication was subject to completion by GE Capital
of its due diligence review of FFCA's operations and other stated conditions,
including receipt of the previously requested private letter ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service, environmental due diligence, resolution of management
employment issues and disposition of any real estate FFCA owned that had
underground storage tanks used for storing gasoline or other properties which
have specified environmental conditions present.

     
On January 26, 2001, the board of directors held a regularly scheduled
meeting.
At the meeting, representatives of Merrill Lynch delivered a report to
the board regarding the market for publicly traded REITs, the franchise lending
sector of the markets (including competitive factors in the sector), the stock
market outlook for "net lease" REITs, the recent performance of FFCA's common
stock and the terms of the new proposal by GE Capital to acquire all of FFCA's
outstanding common stock for $25 per share.
Merrill Lynch also advised the board
of its efforts to solicit indications of interest during December 2000 and
January 2001.
Merrill Lynch advised the board that eight financial institutions
were approached regarding a proposed transaction, but only two institutions,
other than GE Capital, signed confidentiality and standstill agreements.

Following their initial due diligence review, neither of these two companies
expressed an interest to continue discussions for a strategic transaction with
FFCA.
FFCA was again advised that financial institutions subject to regulation
by federal and state banking authorities continued to have difficulties pursuing
a transaction with FFCA because of regulatory and other issues associated with
FFCA's direct ownership of real estate, size and unique asset mix.
The board
authorized management and its advisors to continue to pursue the proposed
transaction with GE Capital, instructing management and its advisors to
substantially remove the conditionality of GE Capital's proposed offer and to
maintain the board's ability to pursue a superior offer if one should arise in
the future.

     
On February 9, 2001, FFCA received a revised merger agreement from GE
Capital's counsel reflecting the terms and conditions under which GE Capital was
willing to complete a transaction.

     
On February 13, 2001, FFCA and its advisors met with GE Capital and its
advisors in New York to discuss the terms of the proposed transaction.
At that
meeting, a number of the conditions to the completion of a transaction
previously required by GE Capital were eliminated (including the condition of a
receipt of a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, which GE
Capital determined to be unnecessary as a result of a change in the structure of
the transaction), thereby reducing the uncertainty presented in GE Capital's
proposal.
Also discussed were proposals to settle other unresolved issues prior
to signing the merger agreement, including management employment issues and the
terms under which FFCA would be required to sell properties with underground
storage tanks prior to completion of the merger.

     
From February 14, 2001 through March 27, 2001, negotiations continued
between the parties with respect to the merger agreement, management and
employment issues, due diligence and the sale of the properties with underground
storage tanks.
On March 28, 2001, the parties met with advisors in Scottsdale,
Arizona to finalize the terms of the merger agreement, including terms for the
condition related to the sale of the properties with underground storage tanks
or other properties which have specified environmental conditions present and to
discuss terms for FFCA's senior officers' future employment with GE Capital.

     
On March 29, 2001, at a special meeting of the board of directors, the
proposed transaction was discussed.
At this meeting, representatives of Merrill
Lynch and Bear Stearns were present.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch reviewed
the terms of the transaction and the fairness of the $25.00 per share offer.
At
that meeting, FFCA's legal advisors also reviewed the terms of the transaction,
including review by FFCA's special Maryland counsel, Ballard Spahr Andrews &
Ingersoll, LLP, of the board's duties under Maryland law.
The board was advised
that the terms for the condition related to the sale of the properties having
underground storage tanks and certain other properties which have specified
environmental conditions present were not yet finalized and the board appointed
a signing committee of the board of directors to approve the related provisions
of the merger agreement.
Merrill Lynch orally delivered its fairness opinion to
the board, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of March 29,
2001, and subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
the review undertaken, the $25.00 per share in cash proposed to be received by
the FFCA shareholders under the merger agreement was fair from a financial point
of view to the shareholders (the full text of the opinion, which sets forth the
assumptions made, the procedures followed, matters considered and limits on the
review undertaken, is attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement, and FFCA
shareholders should carefully read this opinion in its entirety).
Subject to
final approval by the signing committee, the board of directors unanimously
approved the transaction and recommended that the FFCA shareholders approve the
merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     
On March 29, 2001, the parties completed negotiation of the terms of the
merger agreement, including the terms for the condition related to the sale of
the properties which contain underground storage tanks and three other
properties which have specified environmental conditions present, which were
approved at a meeting of the signing committee later that day.

     
On March 30, 2001, the merger agreement was executed and FFCA and GE
Capital issued a press release announcing the signing of the merger agreement.

     
On April 10, 2001, FFCA and GE Capital filed the information and materials
required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission.
The waiting period under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act was terminated on April 13, 2001.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER; FACTORS CONSIDERED

     In making the determination and recommendations described above, the board
of directors considered various factors and alternatives, including the
following:

     *    FFCA's business, current financial condition, results of operations,
          future prospects, the historic trading range of FFCA's common stock
          and the board's belief, on the basis of its familiarity with these
          matters, that the consideration to be received by FFCA's stockholders
          in the merger fairly reflects FFCA's value;
     *    
The fact that the merger consideration of $25.00 per share represents:
          -    an 11.2% premium above FFCA's one-month average closing price as
               of March 27, 2001, the date on which Merrill Lynch's fairness
               presentation to the board was based;
          -    a 13.3% premium above FFCA's closing price one month prior to
               March 27, 2001;
          -    a 9.6% premium above FFCA's closing price on March 27, 2001; and
          -    a 5.4% premium above FFCA's closing price as of March 29, 2001,
               the day prior to the public announcement of the merger.
     
*    
The recent evaluation by the board of FFCA's strategic plans and the
          execution risks related to achieving those plans compared to the risks
          and benefits of the merger including, in particular, the factors
          listed below with regard to FFCA's competitive environment and capital
          raising capabilities:

          -    The competition in FFCA's target market by companies with greater
               financial resources which have a lower cost of capital in
               comparison to FFCA's cost of capital;
          -    FFCA's concern that over the long-term, this limited access to
               capital at competitive rates will limit or alter FFCA's growth
               prospects;
          -    FFCA's limited ability to finance additional investments through
               the issuance of additional corporate debt without issuing common
               stock to maintain required debt-to-equity ratios;
          -    FFCA's current inability to issue common stock at prices which do
               not dilute FFCA's existing shareholders or achieve an acceptable
               rate of return, based on the recent trading ranges for FFCA's
               common stock;
          -    FFCA's reliance on whole loan sales with the following
               considerations:
               *    Washington Mutual is not obligated to, and does not,
                    purchase all loans originated by FFCA;
               *    Washington Mutual only purchased approximately half of the
                    loans FFCA originated during 2000; and
               *    Washington Mutual's recent informal indication that it
                    intends to reduce the concentration limits of loans to any
                    one borrower that it will purchase;
          -    FFCA's reliance on the securitization markets, which FFCA
               believes will be volatile in the future, with the following
               considerations:
               *    the limited investor base for loans of the type originated
                    by FFCA; and
               *    recent loan defaults for sponsors, other than FFCA, of
                    franchise loan securitizations which have led to concern
                    about the quality of loans in these securitizations by the
                    purchasers of the securitization securities;
     *    
The fact that FFCA conducted an extensive solicitation process
          involving over 25 parties, the review of confidential information by
          15 parties, the receipt of two indications of interest and only one
          proposal to acquire FFCA;
     *    The board's belief that, based on FFCA's size and unique asset mix and
          the results from its solicitation process, it was unlikely that it
          would receive a third party acquisition proposal (in cash or stock)
          that was financially superior to the consideration to be received
          under the merger agreement;
     *    Possible alternatives to the merger, including continuing to operate
          as an independent public company, selling or spinning off various
          assets and possible alternative restructuring actions;
     *    The fairness opinion of Merrill Lynch dated as of March 29, 2001, to
          the effect that as of that date, the merger consideration of $25.00
          per share to be received by the shareholders was fair to the
          shareholders, from a financial point of view (the full text of the
          written opinion of Merrill Lynch & Co., which sets forth the
          assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
          undertaken in connection with such opinion is attached to this proxy
          statement as Appendix B; FFCA shareholders should read the opinion in
          its entirety);
     *    
The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including terms
          which are designed to enable FFCA's board to be permitted to review
          and evaluate and, under stated circumstances, accept a superior
          proposal, if presented, subject to FFCA's obligation to pay GE Capital
          a $60 million termination fee;
     *    
The ability of FFCA to continue to pay its regularly scheduled
          quarterly dividend to its shareholders until completion of the merger,
          including a pro-rated dividend for the period ending immediately
          before the effective time of the merger;
     *    The fact that FFCA's recent growth in income has been largely
          generated by loan sale and loan servicing activities, which income
          does not constitute qualifying income for REITs under the Tax Code;
          over the long term, these income sources will likely become an
          increasing percentage of the overall income base of FFCA; and, as
          such, this has, over the long term, the potential of negatively
          affecting FFCA's REIT status and exposing it to potentially volatile
          income

          performance unless those activities are limited or FFCA increases its
          ownership of real estate assets;
     *    
The condition in GE Capital's proposal with respect to the sale of
          properties which either contain underground storage tanks or may have
          specified environmental conditions present and the possibility that
          this condition may not be satisfied;
     *    
The board's conclusion that the size of the termination fee, and the
          circumstances when that fee is payable, were reasonable in light of
          the benefits of the merger and the auction process conducted by and on
          behalf of FFCA; and
     *    The other terms and conditions of the merger.

     
The board of directors did not assign relative weights to the above factors
or determine that any factor was of more importance than any other factor.

Rather, the board viewed its position and recommendations as being based on the
totality of the information presented to and considered by it.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD

     The board of directors of FFCA has determined, by unanimous vote, and
declared that the merger, the merger agreement and the related amendment to
FFCA's charter are advisable and in the best interests of FFCA and its
shareholders.
Accordingly, FFCA's board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger, the merger agreement and the related amendment to FFCA's charter and
recommends that you approve the merger and the related amendment to FFCA's
charter by voting "FOR" the proposal on the merger.


OPINION OF FFCA'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     On March 29, 2001, Merrill Lynch rendered its opinion to FFCA's board of
directors that, as of that date and based upon and subject to the factors and
assumptions contained in its opinion, the $25.00 per share in cash (the "merger
consideration") to be received by the holders of shares of common stock of FFCA
was fair to the shareholders from a financial point of view.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION, WHICH DESCRIBES, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND
LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL LYNCH, IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX B
TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT
BY
REFERENCE.
YOU SHOULD READ MERRILL LYNCH'S OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS
ENTIRETY.
MERRILL LYNCH'S OPINION IS DIRECTED TO THE FFCA BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, OF THE
CONSIDERATION TO BE PAID BY GE CAPITAL TO THE FFCA SHAREHOLDERS.
THE OPINION
DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE MERGER OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTION, NOR
DOES IT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY SHAREHOLDER AS TO HOW TO VOTE AT THE
FFCA SPECIAL MEETING.
THE SUMMARY OF THE FAIRNESS OPINION IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT, WHILE IT CONTAINS ALL MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE OPINION, IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION.

     
The opinion of Merrill Lynch was addressed to the board of directors of
FFCA and evaluated only whether the merger consideration to be received was fair
from a financial point of view to holders of common stock of FFCA.
The opinion
of Merrill Lynch did not address any other aspect of the merger.
The terms of
the merger, including the merger consideration, were determined through
negotiations between GE Capital and FFCA and were not determined by Merrill
Lynch.
Specifically, the opinion of Merrill Lynch did not address the merits of
the underlying decision of FFCA to participate in the merger.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

     *    Reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
          relating to FFCA that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;
     *    Reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating
          to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets and prospects of FFCA;
     *    Conducted discussions with members of senior management of FFCA
          concerning the matters described in the two bullet points above;
     *    Reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for FFCA's common
          stock and compared them with those of certain publicly traded
          companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;
     *    Reviewed the results of operations of FFCA and compared them with
          those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed
          to be relevant;
     *    
Compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
          terms of certain other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
          relevant;
     *    Participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
          representatives of FFCA and GE Capital and their financial and legal
          advisors;
     *    Reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated March 29, 2001; and
     *    Reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
          account such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary,
          including Merrill Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and
          monetary conditions.

     
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch has assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to it, discussed with or reviewed for or by it, or publicly available,
and Merrill Lynch has not assumed any responsibility for independently verifying
such information or undertaken an independent evaluation or appraisal of any
assets or liabilities of FFCA.
Merrill Lynch is not an expert in the evaluation
of allowances for loan and lease losses, and Merrill Lynch has neither made an
independent evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease
losses of FFCA, nor reviewed any individual credit files relating to FFCA, and,
as a result, Merrill Lynch has assumed that the aggregate allowance for loan and
lease losses for FFCA is adequate to cover such losses.
In addition, Merrill
Lynch has not assumed any obligation to conduct any physical inspection of the
properties or facilities of FFCA.
With respect to the financial forecast
information furnished to or discussed with Merrill Lynch by FFCA, Merrill Lynch
has assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the best
currently available estimates and judgment of FFCA's management as to the
expected future financial performance of FFCA.
In addition, Merrill Lynch has
assumed that, in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or other
consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.
Merrill Lynch has assumed that the merger
agreement would not be materially different from the last draft reviewed by
Merrill Lynch.

     
Merrill Lynch's opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated, and on the information
made available to Merrill Lynch as of the date of its opinion.

     
In performing its analyses, Merrill Lynch made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of
Merrill Lynch and FFCA.
Any estimates contained in the analyses performed by
Merrill Lynch are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these
analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or securities do
not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which such businesses
or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, these analyses and estimates
are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.
In addition, the Merrill
Lynch opinion was among several factors taken into

consideration by the FFCA board in making its determination to approve the
merger agreement and the merger.
Consequently, the analyses described below
should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of the FFCA board or
management of FFCA with respect to the fairness of the consideration to be paid
to FFCA shareholders.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by
Merrill Lynch to the FFCA board on March 29, 2001 in connection with the
rendering of its opinion on that date and is not a complete description of the
analyses underlying the Merrill Lynch opinion or presentation.
The preparation
of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances.

Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch did not attribute
any particular weight to any analysis or factor that it considered, but rather
made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis
and factor.
The financial analyses summarized below include information
presented in tabular format.
Accordingly, Merrill Lynch believes that its
analyses and the summary of its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on the information
presented below in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors
or the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion.
The
financial analyses presented in the tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses.

     
MARKET PREMIUM ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch reviewed the terms of the merger.
It
also analyzed the merger consideration as a premium to the trading price of the
FFCA common stock at different intervals prior to the board meeting on March 29,
2001.
This analysis indicated that the merger consideration represented a
premium of:

     *    9.6% over the market price of FFCA common stock on March 27, 2001,
          three days immediately before the signing of the merger agreement and
          the date on which Merrill Lynch's fairness presentation to the board
          was based;
     *    13.3% over the market price of the FFCA common stock on February 27,
          2001, one month prior to the board meeting; and
     *    11.2% over the average market price of the FFCA common stock during
          the month immediately prior to the board meeting.

     
TRANSACTION VALUE AND TRANSACTION PRICING MULTIPLES.
Merrill Lynch compared
the transaction and enterprise values of FFCA based upon the market price of
FFCA on March 27, 2001 of $22.80 and the merger consideration of $25.00.
The
transaction value was obtained by multiplying (1) either the market price of
FFCA common stock or the merger consideration, as the case may be, by (2) the
total number of outstanding shares of FFCA common stock on March 27, 2001.
The
enterprise value was obtained by adding the respective transaction value to
FFCA's outstanding debt of approximately $724 million.
This analysis indicated
that the implied transaction and enterprise value of FFCA based on the merger
consideration were $1.403 billion and $2.127 billion, respectively, and that the
transaction and enterprise value of FFCA based on the closing price of FFCA
common stock on March 27, 2001 were $1.280 billion and $2.004 billion,
respectively.

     
Merrill Lynch also analyzed and compared the per share merger consideration
to be received by FFCA shareholders as a multiple of FFCA's (1) fully-diluted
funds from operations per share ("FFO per share") for 2000, (2) FFO per share
for the years 2001 and 2002 as published by First Call and (3) book value per
share as of December 31, 2000 with the corresponding multiples based on the
closing price of FFCA common stock on March 27, 2001.
This analysis indicated
that:

                                            Closing Price as of       Merger
    Implied Transaction Multiples              March 27, 2001      Consideration
    -----------------------------              --------------      -------------
2000 Actual First Call FFO per share                 8.0x               8.7x
2001 Estimated First Call FFO per share              7.5x               8.2x
2002 Estimated First Call FFO per share              7.0x               7.6x
Book Value as of December 31, 2000                  1.39x              1.53x

First Call is a recognized data service that monitors and publishes compilations
of earnings and FFO per share estimates by selected research analysts regarding
companies of interest to institutional investors.

     
HISTORICAL TRADING ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical trading
prices for FFCA common stock.
This analysis indicated that:

     *    From January 1, 2000 to March 27, 2001, FFCA's trading price decreased
          5%.
     
*    
Over the three-year period March 27, 1998 to March 27, 2001, FFCA's
          trading price decreased 18%.
     
*    From March 27, 1996 to March 27, 2001, the forward FFO trading
          multiple for FFCA common stock decreased from 10.4x to 7.3x.
     
*    From December 31, 1997 to March 27, 2001, FFCA's trading price
          decreased 16% while quarterly FFO per share increased 29%.
     
*    From January 1, 2000 to March 27, 2001, approximately 99% of FFCA's
          publicly-traded shares traded below the merger consideration of $25.00
          per share.

     
SUMMARY OF VALUATION ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch compared the merger
consideration to each range of implied valuation shown below, which was derived
from analyses performed by Merrill Lynch, and noted that the merger
consideration to be paid to FFCA shareholders of $25.00 per share was higher
than or in the range of such valuations.

            
Methodology                                       Low          High
            -----------                                      ------       
------
Comparable Public Companies Analysis                         $14.26       $24.92
Control Premium Analysis                                     $23.33       $28.09
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis                                $20.66       $24.99
Net Asset Valuation                                          $20.00       $22.96

     COMPARABLE COMPANY TRADING ANALYSIS.
Using publicly available information,
Merrill Lynch compared selected historical and estimated stock price and
financial ratios for FFCA with corresponding data and ratios of selected
publicly traded companies in the net lease REIT industry.
These companies were
selected by Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's views as to the
comparability of the financial and operating characteristics of these companies
to FFCA.
The companies comparable to FFCA included:

     *    Realty Income Corp.;
     *    Commercial Net Lease Realty, Inc.;
     *    Lexington Corporate Properties Trust;
     *    US Restaurant Properties, Inc.; and
     *    CapTec Net Lease Realty, Inc.

     In order to determine an implied equity reference range based upon an
analysis of comparable companies, Merrill Lynch compared the price of FFCA's
common stock as a multiple of (1) actual 2000

FFO per share, (2) estimated 2001 and 2002 FFO per share based on First Call
reports and (3) December 31, 2000 book value to the corresponding ratios for
each of the comparable companies.
This analysis indicated that:

     *    The 2000 Price/FFO per share ratio for the comparable companies ranged
          from 6.5x to 10.4x with an adjusted mean and median of 7.7x, whereas
          FFCA's ratio was 8.0x.
The mean and median calculations for the
          comparable company trading analyses were adjusted to exclude Realty
          Income as an outlier.
     
*    The 2001 Price/FFO per share ratio for the comparable companies ranged
          from 7.1x to 9.9x with an adjusted mean of 7.6x and an adjusted median
          of 7.7x, whereas FFCA's ratio was 7.5x.
     
*    
The 2002 Price/FFO per share ratio for the comparable companies ranged
          from 6.7x to 9.5x with an adjusted mean of 7.3x and an adjusted median
          of 7.6x, whereas FFCA's ratio was 7.0x.
     
*    
The price-to-book value ratio for the comparable companies ranged from
          0.9x to 1.4x with an adjusted mean of 1.0x and an adjusted median of
          0.9x, whereas FFCA's ratio was 1.4x.

     
Based on Merrill Lynch's judgment, Merrill Lynch applied various multiple
ranges to the corresponding financial data and estimates of future financial
performance of FFCA to derive an implied equity reference range of $14.26 to
$24.92 per share for FFCA's common stock.

     
Because of the inherent differences among the operations of FFCA and the
selected comparable companies, Merrill Lynch believes that a purely quantitative
comparable company analysis would not be dispositive in the context of the
merger.
Merrill Lynch further believes that an appropriate use of a comparable
company analysis in this instance involves qualitative judgments concerning
differences among the financial and operating characteristics of FFCA and the
selected comparable companies, which judgments are reflected in the Merrill
Lynch opinion.

     
CONTROL PREMIUM ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch also reviewed the premium paid over
the trading price, as of one month prior to the announcement of the transaction,
for REIT mergers since January 1, 1999 of companies valued at more than $500
million.
Excluding the highest and lowest premiums paid, the range of premiums
was 5.7% to 27.3% and the mean and median were 15.7% and 13.2%, respectively.

Applying these premiums to corresponding financial data of FFCA indicated an
implied equity reference range of $23.33 to $28.09 per share for FFCA common
stock.

     COMPARABLE TRANSACTION ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch also reviewed publicly
available information relating to REIT and commercial finance sector merger and
acquisition transactions since January 1, 1996.
Merrill Lynch determined that
none of the reviewed transactions were deemed sufficiently comparable to the
merger, and therefore, were not relevant to this analysis.

     
No transaction utilized as a comparison in any of the analysis described is
identical to the merger.
An analysis of publicly traded comparable companies and
comparable acquisition transactions is not mathematical; rather it involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics of the comparable companies involved and other factors
that could affect the public trading value of the comparable companies or the
company to which they are being compared.

     
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch also performed a discounted
cash flow analysis of the projected dividends of FFCA assuming FFCA continued to
operate as a stand-alone entity.
Projections for calendar years 2001 through
2005 were based on management estimates.
The projections assumed that common
stock dividends per share would grow at 5.75% annually and that earnings in
excess of those necessary to maintain FFCA's current modified equity-to-assets
ratio at 48.85% could be used to repurchase common shares.

     
The terminal value for FFCA was calculated by applying a forward trading
multiple of 7.5x to FFCA's projected 2006 FFO per share, which was based on an
estimated annual asset origination growth rate of between 5% and 15% for the
period 2002 to 2005.
The terminal value of FFCA, as well as the projected
dividends of FFCA for the period from 2001 to 2005, were discounted back to
January 1, 2000 using discount rates ranging from 16% to 20%, which Merrill
Lynch viewed as the appropriate range of discount rates for a company with
FFCA's risk characteristics.
This analysis resulted in an equity reference range
for FFCA of $20.66 to $24.99 per share.

     NET ASSET VALUATION ANALYSIS.
Merrill Lynch also performed a net asset
valuation for the December 31, 2000 balance sheet.
FFCA's leases were valued by
applying a capitalization rate ranging from 9% to 10%.
The range for
capitalization rates was based on management estimates.
The remaining assets and
liabilities were valued using management's estimate of liquidation value.

Property appraisals were not performed for this analysis.
The analysis resulted
in an equity reference range for FFCA of $20.00 to $22.96 per share.

     
FFCA retained Merrill Lynch based on its experience and expertise.
Merrill
Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking advisory firm.
As part
of its investment banking business, Merrill Lynch is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.

     
In addition, Merrill Lynch has, in the past, provided financial advisory
and financing services to FFCA and GE Capital and its affiliates, and may
continue to do so and has received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of
such services.
In addition, in the ordinary course of its business, Merrill
Lynch may actively trade securities of FFCA and GE Capital and its affiliates
for its own account and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at
any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

     
Under a letter agreement between FFCA and Merrill Lynch, dated as of April
6, 1999, FFCA agreed to pay Merrill Lynch for financial advisory services
rendered through the closing of the merger a fee of $300,000 upon execution of
the merger agreement.
Merrill Lynch will be entitled to a transaction fee equal
to 0.30% times the total enterprise value of the transaction, or $6,381,000,
upon completion of the merger.
Any fees previously paid to Merrill Lynch will be
deducted from any fee to which Merrill Lynch becomes entitled upon completion of
the merger.
FFCA has also agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch for the reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it in connection with its engagement
(including reasonable fees and disbursements of its legal counsel) and to
indemnify Merrill Lynch and its affiliates from and against certain liabilities
and expenses, which may include certain liabilities under federal securities
laws, in connection with its engagement.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the recommendation of the FFCA board of directors, FFCA
shareholders should be aware that some of the directors and members of FFCA's
management team may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in
addition to, the interests of FFCA shareholders generally, and that may create
potential conflicts of interest.
FFCA's board of directors was aware of these
interests and considered them, among other factors, in approving the merger, the
merger agreement and the related amendment to FFCA's charter.
These interests
are summarized below.

     
SHARE OWNERSHIP.
As of the record date, FFCA's directors and executive
officers and their respective affiliates, who have indicated they intend to vote
"FOR" approval of the merger, directly owned approximately 2.4% of the
outstanding shares of FFCA common stock.
In addition, Colony SB, LLC, which
under an investor's agreement with FFCA has the right to nominate one member of
FFCA's

board of directors, has indicated it intends to vote "FOR" approval of the
merger and owned approximately __
% of FFCA's outstanding common stock as of the
record date.

     
EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE ARRANGEMENTS.
FFCA and GE Capital have entered
into letter agreements with FFCA's executive officers, Morton H. Fleischer,
Christopher H. Volk, John Barravecchia, Dennis L. Ruben and Stephen G. Schmitz,
relating to their continued employment with FFCA following the merger, which are
referred to in this proxy statement as the "new employment letters" or, in the
case of Mr. Fleischer, the "consulting agreement."
If the merger is completed,
the new employment letters and the consulting agreement will replace the
existing employment agreements, which are referred to in this proxy statement as
the "old employment agreements," that the executive officers have with FFCA and,
effective immediately prior to the completion of the merger, the old employment
agreements will be terminated, except for "gross-up" payment obligations which
will continue after the closing, as described below.
As a result of the signing
of the new employment letters and the consulting agreement, FFCA and GE Capital
have waived the provision in the merger agreement that required the termination
of the executive officers before completion of the merger, permitting the
executive officers to continue as officers of FFCA following the merger, except
for Mr. Fleischer, who will be an independent consultant to FFCA with the title
of Chairman Emeritus, as described below.

     
Under the old employment agreements, if an executive officer is terminated
without cause or for good reason (both as defined in the old employment
agreements) following or in connection with a change of control of FFCA (which
would include the acquisition of FFCA by GE Capital), the executive would be
entitled to receive, among other things, a lump sum payment in cash equal to
three times the total of (a) the executive's annual base salary on the date of
the change in control, and (b) the highest annual cash bonus payable to the
executive with respect to any of the three years completed immediately before
the date of termination.
The old employment agreements also provide that, if an
executive officer is not terminated following or in connection with a change of
control, and if, at any time and for any reason (or no reason), the executive
voluntarily terminates his employment during the thirteenth month following the
change of control, the executive would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment
of two times his base salary and bonus (rather than the three times payment
described above), except for Mr. Fleischer, who in this event would be entitled
to receive a lump sum payment of three times his base salary and bonus.
The old
employment agreements further provide that, if these payments (when aggregated
with any other payments they received) become subject to an excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Tax Code (or any similar tax), the executive will be
entitled to receive a "gross-up" payment in respect of these taxes and in
respect of any taxes on such gross-up payment.
The old employment agreements
will be terminated immediately before the completion of the merger and replaced
by the new employment letters and, in the case of Mr. Fleischer, the consulting
agreement.

     
The following discussion is a summary of the material terms of the new
employment letters for Messrs. Volk, Barravecchia, Ruben and Schmitz.
Mr.
Fleischer's new consulting agreement is discussed separately below.

     
The new employment letters provide that each executive officer will receive
a base salary and be eligible to receive an incentive bonus and a deferred
bonus.
The bonuses are based on FFCA and/or the executive meeting various
performance targets set by GE Capital.
The incentive bonus is payable annually
with a target amount of 100% of the executive's base salary if the performance
targets are met, but may range from a minimum of 60% of the executive's base
salary to a maximum of 125% of the executive's base salary, provided the
executive uses his reasonable best efforts to maximize FFCA's performance and
results.
The deferred bonus is payable on the second and fourth anniversaries of
the merger, each time with a target amount of 200% of the executive's base
salary if the targets are met.
The new employment letters further provide that
the executive officers will receive, at the effective time of the merger, a lump
sum cash payment consisting of a sign-on bonus and a payment for agreeing to the
non-

compete provisions of the new employment letters (and, in the case of Mr. Ruben,
a payment in respect of a covenant not to disparage FFCA).
In addition, under
the new employment letters, GE Capital will recommend a grant of options to
acquire 5,000 shares of General Electric Company common stock to each of the
executives, subject to the approval of GE's board of directors and subject to
customary terms and conditions relating to GE stock option grants.
If the stock
option grants are not made, the parties have agreed to negotiate for additional
compensation to replace the stock option grants.
The cash amounts to be received
for entering into the new employment letters for each executive officer are
shown in the table below.

        
Name and Title                          Non-Compete    Non-disparagement
     Following the Merger      Sign-on Bonus      Payment           Payment
     --------------------      -------------      --------          
-------
Christopher H. Volk,              $650,000        $700,000               --
President and Chief Operating
Officer

John Barravecchia,                $425,000        $600,000               --
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

Dennis L. Ruben,                  $450,000        $500,000         $150,000
Executive Vice President and
General Counsel

Stephen G. Schmitz,               $475,000        $800,000               --
Executive Vice President -
Marketing

Under the new employment letters, each executive's base salary will be the same
as his current base salary.
These salaries currently are (1) $367,500 for Mr.
Volk, (2) $262,500 for Mr. Barravecchia, (3) $288,800 for Mr. Ruben, and (4)
$330,800 for Mr. Schmitz.
In addition to the payments in the above table, the
executives will also receive cash payments for their outstanding FFCA options
and restricted stock, as discussed below.

     
The employment arrangements under the new employment letters may be
terminated at any time by either the executive or FFCA, with or without cause.

The new employment letters define cause to generally include (1) the executive's
breach of the restrictive covenants in the new employment letter or any other
material breach of the employment letter, any of which results in material harm
to FFCA, (2) the executive committing fraud, embezzlement, theft or a material
dishonest act against FFCA, (3) the executive's conviction of a felony or other
specified crime that results in material harm to FFCA, (4) the executive's
willful failure to perform his duties, or (5) a violation of GE's "Integrity"
policy.
If FFCA terminates the employment of the executive without cause at any
time during the 18-month period that begins at the effective time of the merger,
then the executive will be entitled to receive (a) the executive's accrued and
unpaid base salary through the date of termination, (b) the executive's base
salary after the date of termination through the balance of the 18 months after
the effective time of the merger (or any amount then payable under an applicable
severance plan, if higher), and (c) the pro-rata portion of any incentive bonus
that the executive would have been entitled to receive, which payment will be
calculated assuming the applicable performance targets were met.

     
Mr. Fleischer, FFCA's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer,
has entered into a consulting agreement with FFCA, where, after the merger, Mr.
Fleischer will be an independent consultant to FFCA with the title of Chairman
Emeritus.
The consulting agreement is for a one-year term

that will automatically renew for one additional year, unless it is terminated
prior to the renewal date by Mr. Fleischer or FFCA.
The consulting fee under the
agreement is at a rate of $551,300 annually, which is equal to the current
annual base salary of Mr. Fleischer.
Under the agreement, Mr. Fleischer will be
eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus and a deferred bonus.
Similar to
the bonuses under the new employment letters described above, the bonuses are
based on FFCA and/or Mr. Fleischer meeting various performance targets set by GE
Capital.
The incentive bonus is payable annually with a target amount of 100% of
the annual consulting fee if the performance targets are met, but may range from
a minimum of 60% of the annual consulting fee to a maximum of 125% of the annual
consulting fee, provided Mr. Fleischer uses his reasonable best efforts to
maximize FFCA's performance and results.
The deferred bonus is payable on the
first anniversary of the merger, and the second anniversary of the merger if the
consulting agreement is renewed for a one-year term, each time with a target
amount of 100% of the consulting fee if the targets are met.

     
In connection with entering into the consulting agreement and in
consideration of his efforts to assist in the completion of the merger, Mr.
Fleischer will receive a lump sum cash payment for a transaction bonus in the
amount of $1,102,000.
Mr. Fleischer will also receive a lump sum cash payment of
$1,000,000 for agreeing to the non-compete provisions of the consulting
agreement described below.
If Mr. Fleischer's consulting agreement is terminated
without cause (defined similar to "cause" in the new employment letters), he
will be entitled to receive the accrued and unpaid consulting fee through the
end of the consulting term, plus the pro-rated portion of the incentive bonus,
calculated assuming the incentive performance targets were met.
In addition to
these payments, Mr. Fleischer will also receive cash payments for his
outstanding FFCA options and restricted stock, as discussed below.

     
Under the terms of the new employment letters and the consulting agreement,
if specified payments under the agreements become subject to an excise tax
imposed under Section 4999 of the Tax Code (or any similar tax), the executive
or Mr. Fleischer will be entitled to receive a "gross-up" payment in respect of
these taxes and in respect of any taxes on such gross-up payment.
As
consideration for the non-compete payments in the new employment letters and the
consulting agreement described above, under the terms of those agreements, the
executives and Mr. Fleischer have agreed:

     *    not to be engaged in or own a material financial interest in any
          business that is competitive with FFCA during the 18-month period
          following the completion of the merger, or during the consulting term
          in the case of Mr. Fleischer;

     *    not to attempt to hire any FFCA or specified GE Capital employees
          during the 24-month period following the completion of the merger, or,
          if later, the 12-month period following termination of the executive's
          employment or termination of Mr. Fleischer's consulting term, as the
          case may be; and

     *    not to use or disclose any confidential and proprietary information
          applicable to FFCA relating to its business, personnel or policies
          during and after the executive's employment (or Mr. Fleischer's
          consulting term) with FFCA, unless that information was known by the
          executive (or Mr. Fleischer) prior to being employed by FFCA or is
          generally known to the public or the trade.

     
FFCA's senior management is currently negotiating the terms of the
continued employment with FFCA of eight senior vice presidents following the
merger, which terms will be similar to the terms of the new employment letters
described above.
Although FFCA, GE Capital and the eight senior vice presidents
all desire that these senior vice presidents continue as officers of FFCA
following the merger, the explicit terms of the merger agreement require these
officers to be terminated before completion of the merger.
If these eight senior
vice presidents are able to agree to continued employment terms with FFCA
following the merger, GE Capital and FFCA have agreed to waive the provision in
the merger agreement

that requires these officers to be terminated before completion of the merger.

These eight senior vice presidents currently have continuity agreements
(severance agreements) with FFCA.
If any of these eight officers are unable to
agree to continued employment terms with FFCA following the merger, that officer
will be terminated before completion of the merger.
If any of these officers are
terminated in connection with the merger, the continuity agreements provide that
the officer would be entitled to receive, among other things, a lump sum payment
in cash equal to two times the sum of (a) the officer's annual base salary on
the date of the merger, and (b) the highest annual cash bonus payable to the
officer with respect to any of the three full years immediately before the date
of termination.
In addition, the officer would be entitled to receive the unpaid
portion of any bonus awarded to the officer prior to the termination and the
pro-rated portion of the officer's actual bonus from January 1 of the year in
which the termination occurs to the date of termination.
The continuity
agreements also provide the officers with a "gross-up" payment and the
continuation of employee benefits and perquisites.
If all eight of these senior
vice presidents were terminated on the effective date of the merger, FFCA
estimates that the maximum aggregate cash payment to these officers for base
salary and annual bonus multipliers under the continuity agreements would be
approximately $3,900,000, not including potential "gross-up" payments.
These
eight senior vice presidents, regardless of whether they enter into employment
arrangements for continued employment with FFCA following the merger, will also
receive cash payments for their outstanding FFCA options and restricted stock,
as discussed below.

     
CHANGE-OF-CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN.
FFCA has a change-of-control severance
plan that covers its key employees, other than those covered by the new
employment letters or the continuity agreements described above.
The key
employees covered by the severance plan are FFCA's vice-presidents.
Under this
severance plan, the key employee will receive a lump sum cash payment equal to
the sum of (1) the employee's annual base salary on the date of the change of
control (or if higher, the annual base salary in effect immediately before
termination) plus the highest bonus payable to the employee with respect to the
three full years immediately before the date of termination, (2) the unpaid
portion of any bonus awarded prior to the termination, and (3) the pro-rated
portion of the employee's actual bonus from January 1 of the year in which the
termination occurs to the date of termination, if the key employee (a) resigns
with good reason as it is defined in the severance plan, or (b) is terminated by
FFCA, other than terminations for death, for cause as it is defined in the
severance plan or disability, in either of case (a) or (b):

     *    during the two-year period following a change in control of FFCA
          (which would include the acquisition of FFCA by GE Capital in the
          merger); or

     *    after the execution of an agreement which, if consummated, would
          result in a change of control (which would include the merger
          agreement) but before the completion of the change of control, where
          the termination is at the request or suggestion of the acquiror or
          merger partner of FFCA, or otherwise is in connection with the
          anticipated change of control;

The severance plan also provides for the continuation of welfare benefits and
perquisites until the earlier of two years following the date of termination or
the date the employee is covered by a subsequent employer.
The severance plan
will remain in place after completion of the merger.
The severance plan has
automatic one-year renewals on May 12 of each year, unless written notice of
termination is given to the plan participants at least 120 days before the
annual renewal date.
However, if the merger is completed, the severance plan may
not be terminated earlier than two years after the effective date of the merger.

     OPTIONS.
As contemplated by the merger agreement and the agreements
governing FFCA's stock options, FFCA's compensation committee will take action
so that all stock options held by FFCA employees, including the officers, will
vest immediately prior to the effective time of the merger.
All stock options
held by FFCA's non-employee directors were exercisable on the date of grant, and
will

continue to be exercisable until the effective time of the merger.
If the merger
is completed, the merger agreement contemplates that the option holders will, in
exchange for cancellation of their options, receive cash for each stock option
equal to the excess, if any, of the per share merger consideration over the
exercise price per share of each option, less applicable withholding taxes.
No
consideration will be paid for options with an exercise price of $25.00 per
share or higher, and such options will be canceled.

     
The options held by the directors and executive officers will be converted
into the right to receive cash in the following amounts:

                                                  Cash Payments for Options with
                          Cash Payments for      Vesting Dates Being Accelerated
        Name           Currently Vested Options   in Connection with the Merger
        ----           
------------------------   
-----------------------------
Morton H. Fleischer          $  667,559                     $  413,891
Willie R. Barnes             $   38,808                             --
Kelvin L. Davis              $   12,476                             --
Kathleen H. Lucier           $    7,500                             --
Dennis E. Mitchem            $   23,441                             --
Louis P. Neeb                $   38,808                             --
Kenneth B. Roath             $   38,808                             --
Casey J. Sylla               $   38,808                             --
Shelby Yastrow               $   12,476                             --
Christopher H. Volk          $  849,362                     $  309,831
John Barravecchia            $  869,349                     $  161,469
Dennis L. Ruben              $  775,599                     $  137,844
Stephen G. Schmitz           $  841,300                     $  169,707
                             ----------                     ----------
                Total        $4,214,294                     $1,192,742
                             ==========                     ==========

As of the record date, the FFCA employees not listed in the table above held
options with exercise prices below $25.00, the per share merger consideration,
to purchase, in the aggregate, approximately 864,000 shares of FFCA common
stock.
If the merger is completed, FFCA expects that the aggregate cash payment
to these remaining employees in exchange for cancellation of their outstanding
options will be approximately $2,652,000.

     
RESTRICTED STOCK.
If the merger is completed, the merger agreement and the
agreements governing FFCA's restricted common stock contemplate that the
compensation committee will take action so that all shares of unvested
restricted stock held by the officers and employees of FFCA will vest
immediately before the merger.
In connection with the merger, these restricted
stock holders will receive $25.00 per share in exchange for each share of
restricted stock they hold that vests immediately prior to the merger,
consistent with the treatment of shares of FFCA common stock under the merger
agreement.

     
As of the date of this proxy statement, the executive officers of FFCA held
restricted stock and will receive payments in cash for those shares in the
following amounts upon completion of the merger:

                                   Number of Shares of    Restricted Stock
             Name                 Restricted Stock Held       Payments
             ----                 
---------------------      ----------
     Morton H. Fleischer                   61,138            $1,528,450
     Christopher H. Volk                   41,504            $1,037,600
     John Barravecchia                     26,834            $  670,850
     Dennis L. Ruben                       25,967            $  649,175
     Stephen G. Schmitz                    29,218            $  730,450
                                         --------            ----------

                           Total          184,661            $4,616,525
                                         ========            ==========

As of the record date, the FFCA employees not listed above held, in the
aggregate, 69,215 shares of restricted stock.
If the merger is completed, FFCA
expects that these remaining employees will receive an aggregate cash payment of
approximately $1,730,000 for their restricted stock.

     
INDEMNIFICATION OF FFCA OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.
The merger agreement
provides that GE Capital will, or will cause the surviving corporation to,
indemnify each present and former director of FFCA and other persons entitled to
indemnification under the charter and bylaws of FFCA and its subsidiaries to the
fullest extent permitted under applicable law against any costs or expenses,
judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection
with any claim, action suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to
matters existing or occurring before the effective time of the merger.
The
merger agreement further provides that GE Capital will cause the surviving
corporation to maintain, for a period of at least six years following the
merger, FFCA's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies covering
the persons serving as the officers and directors of FFCA and its subsidiaries
immediately prior to the merger.


AMENDMENT TO FFCA'S CHARTER

     Under the merger agreement, FFCA's charter will be amended and restated at
the effective time of the merger in the form of the new charter attached as
Appendix C to this proxy statement.
FFCA's amended and restated charter will,
among other things, remove the charter's current restriction on the ownership of
FFCA common stock, which currently prevents any one individual or entity from
owning more than 9.8% of FFCA's outstanding common stock.
This restriction is in
FFCA's charter so that FFCA will continue to satisfy the REIT requirements of
the Tax Code.
Because GE Capital will own 100% of FFCA's common stock after the
merger is completed, FFCA's charter must be amended to delete this restriction
before completion of the merger.
Since the merger agreement requires FFCA's new
charter to be effective at the same time as the merger is completed, Maryland
law requires that, as part of FFCA shareholder approval of the merger, the
shareholders approve the related amendment to FFCA's charter.

     
You do not need to indicate a separate vote to approve the amendment to
FFCA's charter.
By voting "FOR" approval of the merger you will also be voting
in favor of the related amendment to the FFCA charter.
If the merger agreement
is terminated before completion of the merger, or the merger is not otherwise
completed, the related amendment to FFCA's charter will not be made and the
ownership restriction described above will remain in place.

EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

     
Following completion of the merger, FFCA will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of GE Capital.
FFCA shareholders will receive cash in exchange for
their shares of FFCA common stock and will no longer have any interest in the
future earnings or growth of FFCA.
After the merger, FFCA will no longer be a
public company and its shares will no longer be listed or traded on the NYSE.

     
FFCA's regular quarterly dividends will be paid until the merger is
completed.
In addition, a special pro-rated dividend will be paid for the
partial quarterly period, if any, ending on the day prior to the merger.
Once
the merger is completed, FFCA shareholders will no longer receive any dividends
for any period following the effective time of the merger.


FINANCING FOR THE MERGER

     GE Capital intends to fund the merger consideration internally with cash
generated from GE Capital's operations.
There are no financing contingencies to
the completion of the merger.


EXPECTED ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

     
The merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting
for financial reporting purposes under accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.
Under this method of accounting, the aggregate
consideration paid by GE Capital in connection with the merger will be allocated
to FFCA's assets and liabilities based on their fair values, with any excess or
deficit being treated as goodwill.
The assets and liabilities and results of
operations of FFCA will be consolidated into the assets and liabilities and
results of operations of GE Capital from the date of the merger.


HART-SCOTT-RODINO FILING

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, and the rules promulgated under that act,
the merger may not be completed until Notification and Report Forms under the
Act have been filed with the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and
the Federal Trade Commission and either a 30-day waiting period requirement has
been satisfied or the 30-day waiting period is terminated early.
On April 10,
2001, GE Capital and FFCA each filed a Notification and Report Form under the
Act with the Antitrust Division and the FTC.
The 30-day waiting period was
terminated early on April 13, 2001.
At any time before or after the merger, the
FTC, the Antitrust Division or others could take action under the antitrust laws
with respect to the merger, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the
merger, to rescind the merger or to require either GE Capital or FFCA to divest
substantial assets.
Neither FFCA nor GE Capital believes the merger will violate
the antitrust laws or will be enjoined; however, there can be no assurance that
a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made, or, if a
challenge is made, that it would not be successful.


MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

     Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of FFCA common stock
will be converted into the right to receive $25.00 in cash, without interest,
subject to reduction for applicable withholding taxes.
The following discussion
is a summary of the material federal income tax consequences of the merger to
the shareholders of FFCA whose shares of common stock are surrendered in
connection with the merger.
The discussion below does not purport to deal with
all aspects of federal income taxation that may affect particular shareholders
in light of their individual circumstances, and is not intended for shareholders
subject to special treatment under the federal income tax law, including
insurance companies, tax exempt organizations, financial institutions,
broker-dealers, foreign persons, shareholders who hold their stock as part of a
hedge, integrated transaction, appreciated financial position, straddle or
conversion transaction, traders who elect to use the mark-to-market method to
account for their securities, shareholders who do not hold their stock as
capital assets and shareholders who have acquired their stock upon the exercise
of employee options or otherwise as compensation.
In addition, the discussion
below does not consider the effect of any applicable state, local or foreign tax
laws.
The discussion below is based upon current provisions of the Tax Code,
currently applicable treasury regulations promulgated under the Tax Code, and
judicial and administrative decisions and rulings.
Future legislative changes,
judicial administrative changes or interpretations could alter or modify the
statements and conditions described in this proxy statement, and these changes
or interpretations could be retroactive and could affect the tax consequences to
the shareholders of FFCA.

     
THIS DISCUSSION DOES NOT ADDRESS ALL ASPECTS OF FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION
THAT MAY BE IMPORTANT TO A SHAREHOLDER BASED ON SUCH HOLDER'S PARTICULAR
CIRCUMSTANCES AND DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY ASPECT OF STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN TAX
LAWS.
BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES MAY DIFFER, EACH SHAREHOLDER IS URGED TO
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE APPLICABILITY OF THE RULES
DISCUSSED BELOW TO THE SHAREHOLDER AND THE PARTICULAR TAX EFFECTS OF THE MERGER,
INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL AND OTHER TAX LAWS.
FOREIGN
SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT WITH LOCAL ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF
THE MERGER.

     
The right to receive cash pursuant to the merger will be a taxable
transaction at the effective time of the merger for federal income tax purposes
under the Tax Code.
In general, for federal income tax purposes, a shareholder
will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash received by
the shareholder under the merger agreement and the shareholder's adjusted tax
basis in the shares of common stock surrendered in connection with the merger
agreement.
This gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss.
The applicable tax
rate for this gain, if any, for non-corporate shareholders (including
individuals, estates and trusts) will, as a general matter, depend upon each
shareholder's holding period for the shares of common stock at the effective
time of the merger.
If a non-corporate shareholder's holding period for the
shares of common stock is more than one year, the shareholder will be subject to
federal income tax at a maximum rate of 20%.
If the shareholder's holding period
for the shares of common stock is one year or less, the gain will be taxed at
the same rate as ordinary income.
Capital loss recognized by non-corporate
shareholders generally is deductible only to the extent of capital gain plus
ordinary income of up to $3,000.
Net capital loss in excess of $3,000 may be
carried forward to subsequent taxable years.

     
For corporations, capital losses are allowed only to the extent of capital
gains, and net capital gain is taxed at the same rate as ordinary income.

Corporations generally may carry capital losses back up to three years and
forward up to five years.

     
Payment in connection with the merger may be subject to "backup
withholding" at a 31% rate.
Backup withholding generally applies if the
shareholder fails to furnish the shareholder's social security number or other
taxpayer identification number ("TIN"), or furnishes an incorrect TIN.
Backup
withholding is not an additional tax but merely a creditable advance payment
which may be refunded to the extent it results in an overpayment of tax,
provided that specific required information is furnished to the Internal Revenue
Service.
Various persons generally are exempt from backup withholding, including
corporations and financial institutions.
Penalties apply for failure to furnish
correct information and for failure to include reportable payments in income.

Shareholders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the qualifications
and procedures for exemption from backup withholding.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement and
is incorporated in this document by reference.
This summary does not contain all
the information you should consider and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the merger agreement.
We urge all FFCA shareholders to read the
merger agreement in its entirety for a more complete description of the terms
and conditions of the merger.


THE MERGER STRUCTURE

     THE MERGER.
The merger agreement provides that Galahad Acquisition Corp.
("Merger Sub"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of GE Capital, will be
merged with and into FFCA.
At the time of the merger, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub will cease and FFCA will continue as the surviving
corporation and be a wholly-owned subsidiary of GE Capital.

     
FFCA'S CHARTER AND BYLAWS.
Under the merger agreement, FFCA's charter will
be amended and restated at the effective time of the merger in the form attached
as Appendix C to this proxy statement.
As described above under "THE MERGER -
Amendment to FFCA's Charter," the amended and restated charter will, among other
things, remove the share ownership restrictions currently contained in FFCA's
charter.
These restrictions must be removed so that the merger can be completed.

At the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation will also adopt
new bylaws.

     OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.
None of the FFCA directors will be directors of the
surviving corporation after the merger.
Mr. Fleischer, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of FFCA, will become an independent contractor of FFCA
with the title of Chairman Emeritus.
The current executive officers of FFCA will
continue as executive officers of FFCA following the merger under the terms of
their new employment letters discussed above under the heading "THE MERGER -
Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger."
Also as discussed above, the
remaining senior officers of FFCA are in active discussions regarding the terms
of their continued employment with FFCA following the merger.
The merger
agreement provides that each of the remaining senior officers of FFCA will be
terminated at the effective time of the merger.
FFCA and GE Capital have agreed
to waive this provision if the current discussions with these officers result in
mutually agreeable terms for the continued employment of the senior officers by
FFCA following completion of the merger.


EFFECTIVE TIME

     The merger will become effective when the articles of merger have been
filed with and accepted by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of
the State of Maryland in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law,
or at a subsequent time as GE Capital and FFCA shall agree and specify in the
articles of merger.
At that time, Merger Sub will be merged with and into FFCA
and will cease to exist as a separate entity, and FFCA will become a subsidiary
of GE Capital.
FFCA expects the merger to become effective as soon as
practicable after approval of the merger by the FFCA shareholders and the
satisfaction or waiver of all other conditions to the merger.
The merger must be
completed on or before December 31, 2001, unless that date is extended by the
parties.


CONVERSION OF FFCA COMMON STOCK

     At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of
FFCA common stock will be converted into the right to receive $25.00 in cash,
without interest, subject to reduction for applicable withholding taxes, if any.

Under Maryland law, since FFCA's shares are listed on the NYSE, FFCA
shareholders do not have the right to dissent and receive the appraised value of
their shares in connection with the proposed merger.
There are no dissenters' or
appraisal rights provided under the merger agreement or otherwise offered in the
merger.


PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGE OF STOCK CERTIFICATES

     Prior to the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub will appoint a bank
or trust company acceptable to FFCA to act as exchange agent.
At or prior to the
effective time, GE Capital will deposit with the exchange agent, in trust for
the benefit of the holders of the common stock of FFCA, all the cash to be paid
in exchange for the outstanding shares of FFCA common stock.
Within five days
after the effective time of the merger, the exchange agent will send to each
record holder of outstanding stock a letter of transmittal.
The letter of
transmittal will specify that delivery will be effected and risk of loss and
title to the stock certificates will pass only upon delivery of the stock
certificate to the exchange agent.
In addition, the exchange agent will also
mail to each record holder instructions on how to properly surrender their stock
certificates for payment.

     
At and following the effective time of the merger, the holders of FFCA
stock certificates will cease to have any rights with respect to their shares of
FFCA common stock, except as otherwise provided by law.
On or after the
effective time of the merger, any certificates presented to the exchange agent,
FFCA or GE Capital for any reason will be cancelled and exchanged for the merger
consideration.

     
No interest will be paid or accrued on the cash payable upon the surrender
of your stock certificate.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of FFCA
common stock which is not registered in the transfer records of FFCA, a check in
the proper amount of cash may be issued with respect to such stock to the
transferee if the certificate is presented to the exchange agent, accompanied by
all documents required to evidence and effect the transfer and to evidence that
any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

     
After the effective time of the merger, there will be no transfers of
certificates that previously represented shares of common stock on the stock
books of FFCA.

     
HOLDERS OF FFCA COMMON STOCK SHOULD NOT SEND IN THEIR FFCA COMMON STOCK
CERTIFICATES TO THE EXCHANGE AGENT UNTIL THEY RECEIVE A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
FROM THE EXCHANGE AGENT.


TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK AND WARRANTS

     
The merger agreement provides that immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger, each outstanding option to purchase FFCA common stock under
FFCA's stock option plan and each share of restricted stock, whether or not then
vested or exercisable, will be accelerated by FFCA's compensation committee and
be considered vested or exercisable, as contemplated by the option and
restricted stock agreements.
Immediately after the merger, the stock options
will be cancelled and each share of restricted shares will be converted into the
right to receive the merger consideration.
Each holder of a cancelled option
will receive an amount in cash equal to the number of shares of FFCA common
stock previously subject to the option multiplied by the excess, if any, of
$25.00 per share over the exercise price per share of FFCA common stock
previously subject to such option, less any applicable withholding taxes.
All
outstanding shares of FFCA's restricted stock will become free of any
restrictions and will be converted into the right to receive the merger
consideration as described above.
At the effective time of the merger, each
outstanding warrant of FFCA will become exercisable for the exercise price
contained in the warrant.
Since the exercise price of all of FFCA's warrants is
greater than $25.00, all of the warrants will be cancelled and no consideration
will be issued to any warrant holder.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     BY FFCA.
In the merger agreement, FFCA made customary representations and
warranties, subject, in most cases, to materiality qualifications and specific
exceptions which were disclosed to GE Capital and Merger Sub, concerning the
business and assets of FFCA and its subsidiaries relating to the following:

     *    FFCA and its subsidiaries' organization, qualification, capital
          structure and similar corporate matters;

     *    the due authorization, execution and delivery of the merger agreement
          and the authorization of the transactions described in the merger
          agreement and elsewhere in this proxy statement, except for the
          required vote of the FFCA shareholders;

     *    consents or approvals necessary to completion of the merger;

     *    the accuracy of FFCA's SEC filings, including the information in this
          proxy statement (other than information provided by GE Capital);

     *    the absence of material adverse changes, undisclosed liabilities and
          litigation;

     *    the approval of the merger and merger agreement by FFCA's board of
          directors;

     *    FFCA's compliance with applicable laws;

     *    FFCA's amendment of the shareholders' rights agreement to ensure that
          the rights will expire immediately prior to the effective time and
          that neither GE Capital, the Merger Sub nor any of their affiliates or
          associates will be deemed to be acquiring persons, nor has a flip-in
          event, distribution date or stock acquisition date occurred under the
          shareholders' rights agreement;

     *    FFCA's REIT status for all taxable years commencing with the taxable
          year beginning June 1, 1994 through the date of the merger;

     *    customary representations and warranties regarding employees of FFCA
          and its subsidiaries, employee benefit matters and environmental
          matters;

     *    the absence of undisclosed broker's fees; and

     *    related-party transactions.

     
BY GE CAPITAL AND MERGER SUB.
The merger agreement also contains customary
representations and warranties of GE Capital and Merger Sub concerning various
aspects of their businesses, relating to the following:

     *    GE Capital and Merger Sub's organization and qualification;

     *    the due authorization, execution and delivery of the merger agreement
          and the authorization of the transactions described in the merger
          agreement;

     *    the absence of violation of GE Capital and Merger Sub's organizational
          documents;

     *    the approval of the merger and merger agreement by the respective
          boards of directors of GE Capital and Merger Sub;

     *    the consent of Merger Sub's shareholder to the merger, and that such
          consent will not be withdrawn;

     *    the accuracy of the information provided by GE Capital or Merger Sub
          for inclusion in this proxy statement;

     *    the businesses of GE Capital competitive with FFCA's business;

     *    the absence of undisclosed broker fees;

     *    the funds to pay all consideration due under the merger agreement; and

     *    GE Capital and Merger Sub's not owning FFCA common stock.


CONDUCT OF FFCA'S BUSINESS BEFORE THE MERGER

     FFCA has agreed that, prior to the merger, FFCA and its subsidiaries will
(except as contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement, including as
otherwise disclosed to GE Capital, as required by law or rules and regulations
of a governmental entity or the NYSE, or to the extent GE Capital consents in
writing, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld):

     *    conduct their respective businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary
          course in all material respects, in substantially the same manner as
          conducted until now;

     *    use reasonable efforts to preserve intact their present lines of
          business, maintain their rights and franchises and preserve their
          relationships with customers, suppliers and others having ongoing
          business with FFCA;

     *    not enter any new material line of business;

     *    take all action necessary to preserve the status of FFCA as a REIT
          within the meaning of the Tax Code (except that any effect on FFCA's
          status as a REIT caused by a failure to pay a dividend in excess of
          the amounts permitted by the merger agreement will not be considered a
          default of this provision);

     *    not pay dividends on or make distributions with respect to FFCA common
          stock, other than regular quarterly dividends in an amount not to
          exceed $0.56 per share of common stock for each dividend (including a
          pro-rated dividend for the portion of the quarterly dividend period
          ending the day prior to the effective time of the merger);

     *    not split, combine or reclassify any capital stock, nor issue,
          authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in respect
          of shares of capital stock, other than under specified previously
          existing contractual agreements or any transaction by a wholly owned
          subsidiary of FFCA which remains a wholly owned subsidiary of FFCA
          after that transaction;

     *    not repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of their
          respective capital stock or any securities convertible into or
          exercisable for any shares of their respective capital stock, other
          than under previously existing contractual agreements or in the
          ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

     *    not amend their respective organizational and governing documents,
          other than amendment to the charter of FFCA described in this proxy
          statement;

     *    not acquire, merge with and into, consolidate with or enter into any
          other business combination with any other entity, except for internal
          reorganizations and consolidations involving existing subsidiaries of
          FFCA or the creation of new subsidiaries of FFCA organized to conduct
          or continue activities permitted by the merger agreement;

     *    not sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any asset, other
          than in the ordinary course of business, internal reorganizations or
          consolidations involving existing subsidiaries of FFCA, sales of
          loans, or pursuant to the merger agreement;

     *    not acquire or operate any real property on which an underground
          storage tank used for, or intended for the use of, storing gasoline is
          located;

     *    not make any loans, advances, capital contributions, or investments,
          other than in the ordinary course of business or by FFCA or its
          subsidiaries to FFCA or its subsidiaries;

     *    not create, incur, or assume indebtedness, other than under FFCA's
          existing lines of credit or in the ordinary course of business;

     *    not materially change FFCA's method of accounting, except as required
          by generally accepted accounting principals, or make or revoke any
          material tax elections;

     *    not enter into or adopt any employment, change in control, severance
          or other similar plan or agreement with respect to any employee of
          FFCA or its subsidiaries, nor increase the compensation of directors,
          officers or employees of FFCA or its subsidiaries except in the
          ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

     *    not enter into, adopt, amend or terminate any employee benefit
          arrangement, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
          past practice or pursuant to the merger agreement;

     *    not pay any bonuses or incentive awards in excess of a certain dollar
          amount, other than pursuant to the merger agreement;

     *    not adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
          restructuring, recapitalization, or other reorganization, other than
          the transaction contemplated under the merger agreement;

     *    not enter into, renew or modify specified material contracts;

     *    not settle or compromise specified types of suits, actions or claims
          pending or threatened against FFCA or its subsidiaries with respect to
          environmental liabilities that are not covered by environmental
          insurance or would exceed a specified amount; and

     *    not enter into an agreement to take any of the actions described above
          in this section.


ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     PROXY STATEMENT.
FFCA has agreed to prepare and file this proxy statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation
of proxies for the special meeting.

     SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING.
Under the merger agreement, FFCA has agreed to
convene a special meeting of the FFCA shareholders to consider and vote upon the
approval of the merger and the related amendment to FFCA's charter.
In
connection with this meeting, FFCA will take all lawful action to solicit the
approval of the proposal.

     DISPOSITION OF PROPERTIES CONTAINING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKS AND
SPECIFIED ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS.
GE Capital has required that, as a condition
to the merger, FFCA must sell any real estate owned by FFCA which has, or has
had, either an underground storage tank for the storage of gasoline or which may
have specified environmental conditions present.
As of the date of this proxy
statement, FFCA owns 178 properties with underground storage tanks and GE
Capital has identified three additional properties owned by FFCA which may have
specified environmental conditions present.
These

properties are generally convenience stores that sell gasoline, or properties
where gasoline was sold in the past.
These properties must be sold prior to the
completion of the merger.
The aggregate of the net sales prices for these
properties must be at least as high as the price determined by the valuation
formula separately agreed to by the parties.
The actual sales prices of these
properties will not change the $25.00 per share merger consideration that FFCA
shareholders will receive if the merger is completed.

     REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS TO BE TAKEN.
GE Capital and FFCA have agreed to use
their reasonable best efforts to take all actions and do all things necessary,
proper or advisable under the merger agreement and applicable laws to complete
the merger as soon as possible after March 30, 2001, the date of the merger
agreement.
Accordingly, GE Capital and FFCA have agreed to, as soon as
practicable, obtain all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations
necessary or advisable in order to complete the merger.
The parties have also
agreed to make the appropriate filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and take
any necessary action under that act, except neither GE Capital or FFCA is
required to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of or conduct their
respective businesses in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on FFCA's business or on GE Capital's "business asset
funding" business.
On April 10, 2001, FFCA and GE Capital filed the information
and materials required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and the waiting period
was terminated early on April 13, 2001.

     
NO SOLICITATION OF TRANSACTIONS.
The merger agreement provides that FFCA
will not itself, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries or any of their
representatives, directly or indirectly to, initiate, solicit or knowingly
encourage the submission of any proposal for a business combination transaction
(except as contemplated in the merger agreement), including:

     *    any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, or
          other similar transaction;

     *    any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition (other than a pledge or
          mortgage) of 20% or more of the assets of FFCA; and

     *    the acquisition by a person or entity of beneficial ownership of 20%
          or more of the shares of FFCA, whether by tender offer, exchange offer
          or otherwise.


The above business combination transactions are referred to in the merger
agreement and this proxy statement as an "acquisition proposal.
"

     In addition, FFCA and its subsidiaries may not participate in discussions
with or furnish any information to any person who is attempting to make, or
otherwise negotiate or accept, a proposal for a business combination
transaction.
However, FFCA's board may, in response to a bona fide unsolicited
written proposal for a business combination transaction:

     *    furnish information to, request information from and engage in
          negotiations with the persons making the proposal if FFCA's board
          determines in good faith that the proposal could reasonably be
          expected to constitute or result in a superior proposal (as defined in
          the merger agreement);

     *    recommend such proposal or withdraw or modify in any adverse manner
          its approval or recommendation of the merger if FFCA's board
          determines in good faith that the proposal is a superior proposal; and

     *    in either case, prior to taking the above action, FFCA must provide
          notice to GE Capital as required under the merger agreement and
          receive from the person offering the bona fide unsolicited written
          proposal for a business combination transaction a confidentiality and
          standstill agreement on terms no less favorable to FFCA than its
          confidentiality agreement with GE Capital.


The merger agreement defines a "superior proposal" as a bona fide written
acquisition proposal made by a third party which FFCA's board determines in good
faith (1) would, if completed, result in a transaction that represents greater
value to the FFCA shareholders, from a financial point of view, than the merger
consideration, and (2) is reasonably capable of being completed.

     
As permitted by the merger agreement and in connection with their duties
under Maryland law, FFCA's board of directors may evaluate and accept a superior
proposal, whether received before or after FFCA shareholder approval of the
merger is obtained.
FFCA has agreed to keep GE Capital informed of the status of
any negotiations relating to another proposal.

     
INDEMNIFICATION OF FFCA OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.
The merger agreement
provides that GE Capital will, or will cause the surviving corporation to,
indemnify each present and former director of FFCA and other persons entitled to
indemnification under the charter and bylaws of FFCA and its subsidiaries to the
fullest extent permitted under applicable law against any costs or expenses,
judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection
with any claim, action suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to
matters existing or occurring before the effective time of the merger.
The
merger agreement further provides that GE Capital will cause the surviving
corporation to maintain, for a period of at least six years following the
merger, FFCA's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies covering
the persons serving as the officers and directors of FFCA and its subsidiaries
immediately prior to the merger.

     
SALE OF SECURITIZATION INTERESTS.
FFCA has agreed to sell to an affiliate
of GE Capital, immediately before the merger, FFCA's securitization assets, not
including servicing rights held by FFCA.
This sale will not delay completion of
the merger and will not affect the $25.00 per share merger consideration to be
received by FFCA shareholders in the merger.

     
ACCESS TO INFORMATION.
FFCA has agreed to give GE Capital reasonable
access, prior to completion of the merger, to FFCA's business, properties and
personnel as GE Capital may reasonably request.


CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     The parties' respective obligations to complete the merger are subject to
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

     *    the merger, including the related amendment of FFCA's charter, is
          approved by the shareholders of FFCA;

     *    no governmental authority has enacted, promulgated, enforced or
          entered any order or statute, rule or regulation which is in effect
          and which has the effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise
          prohibiting completion of the merger; and

     *    any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has terminated or
          expired, which waiting period was terminated on April 13, 2001.

     
In addition, the obligations of GE Capital and Merger Sub to complete the
merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

     *    FFCA will have performed in all material respects each of its
          obligations under the merger agreement required to be performed by
          FFCA at or before the effective time, and each of the representations
          and warranties of FFCA in the merger agreement will be true and
          correct in all material aspects (provided

          that this condition will be deemed to be satisfied if all failures of
          the representations and warranties taken together would not reasonably
          be expected to have a material adverse effect on FFCA and its
          subsidiaries taken as a whole);

     *    since March 30, 2001, no change or event has occurred that would
          reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on FFCA and
          its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

     *    GE Capital has received an opinion from Kutak Rock LLP or other
          counsel to FFCA reasonably acceptable to GE Capital as to the status
          of FFCA as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and the tax status
          of specified subsidiaries, and substantially in the form attached as
          an exhibit to the merger agreement or as otherwise agreed to by the
          parties;

     *    no governmental suit is pending or threatened which would either have
          the effect of making the merger illegal, place any material
          limitations on GE Capital's or Merger Sub's ownership or operation of
          all or a material portion of FFCA's business, or otherwise compel GE
          Capital or its affiliates to dispose of or hold separate (1) a
          material portion of the business or assets of GE Capital's business
          unit that specializes in providing financing for franchise operations,
          or (2) any portion of the business or assets of FFCA, if it would
          reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on FFCA's
          business;

     *    since March 30, 2001, no adverse changes in tax laws has occurred and
          is continuing that would reasonably be expected to result in a
          material risk that FFCA would not qualify as a REIT at or before the
          effective time;

     *    since March 30, 2001 through the effective time, there must not be a
          25% decline in the NYSE composite index or a general suspension of
          trading on the NYSE, in each case, that is continuing as of the
          effective time; and

     *    FFCA has disposed of all real estate FFCA owns which contain
          underground storage tanks and the three additional properties which
          have specified environmental conditions present, as required by the
          merger agreement.

     
The obligation of FFCA to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following condition:

     *    GE Capital and Merger Sub will have performed in all material respects
          each of their respective obligations under the merger agreement that
          are required to be performed at or before the effective time of the
          merger, and each of the representations and warranties of GE Capital
          and Merger Sub in the merger agreement will be true and correct in all
          material aspects.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the completion
of the merger, whether before or after approval by FFCA's shareholders has been
obtained:

     *    by mutual written consent of FFCA and GE Capital;

     *    by either GE Capital or FFCA if the merger is not approved by FFCA's
          shareholders at the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement
          of the meeting;

     *    by either GE Capital or FFCA if the merger is not completed on or
          before December 31, 2001;

     *    by either GE Capital or FFCA if any final, nonappealable order of any
          governmental entity or court is in effect that prevents completion of
          the merger;

     *    by FFCA if any of the conditions to FFCA's duty to complete the merger
          become impossible to fulfill and are not waived in accordance with the
          terms of the merger agreement;

     *    by FFCA, after giving two days' advance notice to GE Capital, if FFCA
          accepts a proposal for a business combination which FFCA deems to be a
          superior proposal (as defined in the merger agreement) to the merger
          after giving effect to any modification GE Capital makes to its offer
          during the two day period, provided that the conditions and
          requirements of the merger agreement have been satisfied;

     *    by GE Capital if any of the conditions to GE Capital's duty to
          complete the merger become impossible to fulfill and are not waived in
          accordance with the terms of the merger agreement; or

     *    by GE Capital if the board of directors of FFCA withdraws or modifies
          in any adverse manner its approval or recommendation of the merger
          agreement or approves or recommends a superior proposal.


TERMINATION FEE

     FFCA must pay GE Capital a $60 million termination fee if the merger
agreement is terminated:

     *    by GE Capital, as a result of FFCA's board of directors withdrawing or
          modifying in any adverse manner its approval or recommendation of the
          merger agreement or approving or recommending to FFCA's shareholders a
          superior proposal;

     *    by FFCA, as a result of FFCA's board determining to approve or
          recommend a superior proposal to the merger; or

     *    by either FFCA or GE Capital as a result of (1) the FFCA shareholders
          not approving the merger at the special meeting, (2) at the time of
          such meeting, an acquisition proposal, in which the consideration
          offered to FFCA shareholders has a value in excess of $25.00 per
          share, has been publicly announced and has not been publicly rejected
          by the board, and (3) within 12 months after termination of the merger
          agreement, FFCA either (a) completes the transaction with respect to
          such acquisition proposal, or (b) enters into a definitive agreement
          to complete such transaction (or any other transaction which likewise
          offers FFCA shareholders per share value in excess of $25.00) and any
          such transaction is completed at any time after entering into that
          agreement.


AMENDMENTS, EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS

     
The merger agreement may be amended by action taken by the respective
boards of directors of FFCA, GE Capital and Merger Sub at any time before or
after approval of the merger by the shareholders of FFCA or Merger Sub; but
after any such approval by the shareholders of FFCA or Merger Sub, no amendment
may be made that would require additional FFCA or Merger Sub shareholder
approval without obtaining such additional shareholder approval.

     
At any time prior to the merger, any party may (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of any other party, (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in the
merger agreement or in any document delivered under the merger agreement, or (c)
waive compliance with any agreement or condition contained in the merger
agreement.

                           
INFORMATION CONCERNING FFCA

     FFCA, based in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a single-tenant retail property
finance company dedicated to providing real estate financing to multi-unit
operators of chain restaurants, convenience stores and automotive services and
parts outlets.
FFCA's financing alternatives include mortgages and long-term
real estate leases, construction and acquisition financing, equipment loans and
other custom financing solutions.
Diversified by industry, geographic location,
client and chain, FFCA had a combined investment and servicing portfolio of more
than 6,200 properties throughout the U.S. as well as in Canada as of December
31, 2000.
Its clients operate some of the best-known chains in the country,
including Applebee's, Arby's, Burger King, Checker Auto Parts, Chevron, Circle
K, Citgo, Cracker Barrel, Hardee's, Jack in the Box, Long John Silver's, Midas
Muffler Shops, Pizza Hut, 7-Eleven, Taco Bell, Texaco, Valvoline Instant Oil
Change and Wendy's.

MARKET FOR FFCA COMMON STOCK

     FFCA's common stock is currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "FFA".
FFCA began trading on the NYSE on June 29, 1994.
The
following tables sets forth the high and low sales prices per share as quoted by
the NYSE and the dividends declared per share for the following quarters of the
fiscal years indicated:

                                     Sales Prices
                                ----------------------          Dividends
       Fiscal 2001               High            Low             Declared
       -----------              -------        
-------           --------
     First Quarter**            $24.970        $22.000            $  .56

                                     Sales Prices
                                ----------------------          
Dividends
       Fiscal 2000               High            Low             Declared
       -----------              -------        -------           
--------
     Fourth Quarter             $23.875        $20.063            $  .56
     Third Quarter               25.250         22.188               .53
     Second Quarter              25.250         21.688               .53
     First Quarter               24.938         22.250               .53
                                                                  ------
                                                                  $ 2.15
                                                                  ======

                                     Sales Prices
                                ----------------------          
Dividends
       Fiscal 1999               High            Low             Declared
       -----------              -------        -------           
--------
     Fourth Quarter             $24.500        $20.813            $  .53
     Third Quarter               24.188         21.188               .49
     Second Quarter              25.250         20.750               .49
     First Quarter               25.563         20.125               .49
                                                                  ------
                                                                  $ 2.00
                                                                  ======
- ----------
**   Includes closing prices after the public announcement of the merger on
     March 30, 2001.

     
Future distributions will be dependent upon cash flow from operations,
financial position and cash requirements of FFCA.
In addition, as permitted by
the merger agreement, FFCA intends to continue to pay its regularly scheduled
quarterly dividends until the completion of the merger, including a special
pro-rated dividend for the partial quarterly period, if any, ending the day
before completion of the merger.


SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND FFCA MANAGEMENT

     The following table contains information as of April 3, 2001, regarding
beneficial ownership of shares by (1) each director of FFCA, (2) the CEO and
each of the named executive officers (the four most highly compensated officers
after the CEO), (3) all directors and executive officers of FFCA as a group, and
(4) all persons known to FFCA to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the
outstanding shares of FFCA.
Unless otherwise noted in the footnotes following
the table, the persons as to whom information is given have sole voting and
investment power over the shares beneficially owned.

                                           
Aggregate                           Total Number
                                        Number of Shares        Shares          of Shares
                                          Beneficially        Acquirable       Beneficially     Percent
Name                                        Owned(1)       
Within 60 Days(2)   Owned(2)(3)     of Class
- ----                                        --------       -----------------   -----------     --------

Morton H. Fleischer                        1,078,355(4)        428,373         1,506,728(4)       2.7%
Willie R. Barnes                               2,148            19,631            21,779           *
Kelvin L. Davis                                  300            11,335            11,635           *
Kathleen H. Lucier                             2,468             6,000             8,468           *
Dennis E. Mitchem                              6,889            16,704            23,593           *
Louis P. Neeb                                 19,221            19,631            38,852           *
Kenneth B. Roath                               8,656            19,631            28,287           *
Casey J. Sylla                                12,602(5)         19,631            32,233(5)        *
Shelby Yastrow                                14,669            11,335            26,004           *
Christopher H. Volk                           78,071           336,408           414,479           *
John Barravecchia                             55,959           261,066           317,025           *
Dennis L. Ruben                               45,843           211,066           256,909           *
Stephen G. Schmitz                            35,006           263,200           298,206           *
Colony SB, LLC                             3,795,913         1,476,908         5,272,821(6)       9.2%(6)
  1999 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1200
  Los Angeles, California 90067
Directors and executive officers as a      1,368,650         1,706,427         3,075,077          5.3%
group (14 persons)

- ----------
*    Less than one percent
(1)  Share amount and percentage figures are rounded to the nearest whole
     number.

(2)  All shares not outstanding but which may be acquired by such shareholder
     within 60 days by the exercise of any stock option or any other right, are
     deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating beneficial
     ownership and computing the percentage of the class beneficially owned by
     such shareholder, but not by any other shareholder.
The foregoing share
     amounts include shares which may be acquired pursuant to stock options and
     warrants exercisable within 60 days of April 3, 2001, but do not include
     options that are not currently exercisable that will be accelerated in
     connection with the merger.

(3)  Does not include shares awarded to employees as the matching portion of
     FFCA's 401(k) plan.

(4)  Includes an aggregate of 10,000 shares held by Donna H. Fleischer, the wife
     of Mr. Fleischer.

(5)  Includes an aggregate of 1,200 shares held by Dolores Sylla, the wife of
     Mr. Sylla.
(6)  These shares consist of 3,795,913 shares currently owned by Colony SB, LLC
     ("Colony"), and 1,476,908 shares which Colony has the right to acquire
     pursuant to an immediately exercisable warrant agreement dated March 13,
     1998.
Based upon a Schedule 13D, dated March 23, 1998, and information
     provided to FFCA by Colony, these shares are also deemed to be beneficially
     owned by Colony GP III, Inc., Colony Capital III, L.P., Colony Investors
     III, L.P. and Thomas J. Barrack, Jr.

     
The address of these beneficial owners is 1999 Avenue of the Stars, Suite
     1200, Los Angeles, California 90067.
As the sole shareholder of Colony GP
     III, Inc., Mr. Barrack is deemed to have the power to vote and dispose of,
     or to direct the vote or disposition of, Colony's Shares.
As described
     above under the heading "THE MERGER AGREEMENT - Treatment of Stock Options,
     Restricted Stock and Warrants," Colony's warrants have an exercise price
     that is greater than $25.00 per share and will be cancelled as a result of
     the merger.
Excluding shares acquirable upon the exercise of Colony's
     warrant, Colony beneficially owned approximately 6.76% of FFCA's shares.

                
INFORMATION CONCERNING GE CAPITAL AND MERGER SUB

     Merger Sub (Galahad Acquisition Corp.) was organized solely for the
purposes of merging with FFCA under the merger agreement.
All of the outstanding
capital stock of Merger Sub is owned indirectly by GE Capital.
GE Capital is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of General Electric Capital Services, Inc. GE Capital
Services is a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Electric Company ("GE").
GE
Capital, together with its subsidiaries, engages in financing services that
include lending, equipment management services and annuities.

     
The business of GE Capital Services consists of the ownership of two
principal subsidiaries which, together with their affiliates, constitute GE's
principal financial services businesses.
GE engages in providing a wide variety
of industrial, commercial and consumer products and services.

     
GE Capital Commercial Equipment Financing is one of GE Capital's business
units and serves a broad financing market from small businesses to Fortune 100
companies worldwide.
Their portfolio includes more than 90 different equipment
types, including trucks and trailers, corporate aircraft, manufacturing
facilities and construction, medical and office equipment.
GE Capital, with
assets of more than $370 billion, is a global, diversified financial services
company grouped into six key operating segments comprised of 24 business units.

GE Capital, based in Stamford, Connecticut, provides a variety of consumer
services, such as credit cards and life and automobile insurance; mid-market
financing; specialized financing; specialty insurance; equipment management, and
specialized services, to businesses and individuals in 47 countries around the
world.
GE is a diversified services, technology and manufacturing company with
operations worldwide.

     
GE Capital and Galahad Acquisition Corp. do not beneficially own any shares
of FFCA common stock.

                  
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2002 ANNUAL MEETING

     Due to the special meeting and anticipated merger, FFCA does not currently
expect to hold a 2002 annual meeting of shareholders, as FFCA will no longer be
a public company and will be a wholly owned subsidiary of GE Capital if the
merger is completed.
If the merger is not completed and the 2002 annual meeting
is held, shareholder proposals for inclusion in proxy materials for the 2002
annual meeting must be received at FFCA's offices on or before December 1, 2001,
in order to be considered for inclusion in FFCA's proxy statement and form of
proxy relating to that meeting.

     
If a shareholder intends to submit a proposal at FFCA's 2002 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, if held, which proposal is not intended to be included in
FFCA's proxy statement and form of proxy relating to such meeting, the
shareholder's notice of the proposal must be received by FFCA between December
1, 2001 and December 31, 2001.
If a shareholder fails to submit the proposal by
such date, FFCA will not be required to provide any information about the nature
of the proposal in its proxy statement, and the proposal will not be considered
at the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

     
Shareholder proposals must also meet the other requirements of the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to shareholder proposals.

     
Proposals should be sent to Dennis L. Ruben, Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary of FFCA, at 17207 North Perimeter Drive,
Scottsdale, Arizona 85255-5402.

                       
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     FFCA and GE Capital are subject to the informational requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and in compliance with that act file periodic
reports and other information with the SEC.
These reports and other information
FFCA and GE Capital file with the SEC can be inspected and copied at the public
reference facilities maintained by the SEC in Washington D.C. at 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 and at several of its regional offices
which are located in the New York Regional Office, Seven World Trade Center,
Suite 1300, New York, NY 10048, and the Chicago Regional Office, CitiCorp
Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, IL 60661.
The SEC's
telephone number is (800) SEC-0330.
In addition, the SEC maintains a World Wide
Web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding
registrants like FFCA and GE Capital that file electronically with the SEC at
the following Internet address: http://www.sec.gov.

     
We have not authorized anyone to give any information or make any
representations other than those contained in this proxy statement in connection
with the solicitation of proxies made by this proxy statement, and, if given or
made, you must not rely upon such information as having been authorized by FFCA
or any other person.

     
This proxy statement is dated __________, 2001.
You should not assume that
the information contained in this proxy statement is accurate as of any date
other than _________, 2001, and the mailing of this proxy statement to you does
not create any implication to the contrary.

                           
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act, including in particular the statements about FFCA's plans, strategies and
prospects.
Although FFCA believes that its plans, intentions and expectations
reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, FFCA
can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be
achieved.
FFCA has included important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements in its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 under the headings "Business -
Factors Affecting Future Operating Results" and "- Regulation."
FFCA qualifies
the forward looking statements contained in this proxy statement by the
cautionary statement included in FFCA's Form 10-K.

================================================================================

                                   APPENDIX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                      Among

                      GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
                            GALAHAD ACQUISITION CORP.

                                       and

                    FRANCHISE FINANCE CORPORATION OF AMERICA.

                              
Dated March 30, 2001

================================================================================

                         SECTION INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

DEFINED TERM                                                        SECTION
- ------------                                                        -------

1995 Stock Option Plan .......................................   ss.
3.1(b)(iii)
2001 Bonus Amount ............................................        
ss.
5.6(d)
Acquisition Proposal .........................................           
ss.
5.5
Agreement ....................................................          
Preamble
Articles of Merger ...........................................           
ss.
1.3
BAF Business .................................................        ss.
5.4(b)
Benefit Plans ................................................       ss. 8.11(a)

Board Approval ...............................................        ss.
3.1(h)

Board of Directors ...........................................       
ss.
8.11(b)

Business Day .................................................       ss. 8.11(c)
Cancelled Shares .............................................    
ss.
1.8(a)(ii)

CERCLA .......................................................    
ss.
3.1(q)(iv)

Certificate ..................................................        ss.
1.8(b)
Claims .......................................................        ss.
3.1(m)
Closing ......................................................           ss.
1.2
Closing Date .................................................           
ss.
1.2
COBRA ........................................................   ss.
3.1(p)(vii)

Code .........................................................           
ss.
2.8
Company ......................................................          
Preamble
Company Common Stock .........................................          
Recitals
Company Disclosure Schedule ..................................           
ss.
3.1
Company Employees ............................................     
ss.
3.1(p)(i)
Company Permits ..............................................        ss.
3.1(n)
Company Plans ................................................     ss.
3.1(p)(i)
Company SEC Reports ..........................................        
ss.
3.1(d)
Company Stockholders Meeting .................................        
ss.
5.1(b)

Company Voting Debt ..........................................    
ss.
3.1(b)(ii)
Confidentiality Agreement ....................................        ss.
5.3(b)
Costs ........................................................        ss.
5.8(a)
Covered Persons ..............................................        
ss.
5.8(a)
Data Tape ....................................................        ss.
3.1(x)

Disposition ..................................................          Recitals
DOJ ..........................................................        ss.
5.4(c)
Effective Time ...............................................           
ss.
1.3
Environmental Claims .........................................    ss.
3.1(q)(iv)
Environmental Law ............................................    
ss.