URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/103730/000095012301503019/0000950123-01-503019.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     The following discussion presents background information concerning the
offer and the short-form merger.
Certain information on the actions of
Siliconix's management, the special committee of the Siliconix board of
directors and of the Siliconix board of directors, and the advisors to Siliconix
and its board and the special committee of the board has been obtained from
Siliconix.

EVENTS LEADING TO THE OFFER

     Vishay, through Vishay TEMIC, owns approximately 80.4% of the outstanding
shares of Siliconix common stock.
Vishay acquired its interest in Siliconix from
a division of the microelectronics consortium of Daimler-Benz AG, a German
corporation, on March 2, 1998.
In the transaction, Vishay acquired approximately
8,008,000 of Siliconix's shares (pre-split) and TEMIC Semiconductor GmbH, a
producer of discrete active electronic components, for a combined purchase price
of $549,889,000 in cash.
The acquisition agreement allocated approximately
$234,667,000 of the combined purchase price to the acquisition of the Siliconix
stock.

     
Upon consummation of the sale by Daimler-Benz to Vishay of the controlling
interest in Siliconix, the three representatives of Daimler-Benz on Siliconix's
board of directors resigned and three designees of Vishay, each of whom was a
Vishay employee, were appointed to the board in their place.

     
On February 16, 2000, the stockholders of Siliconix approved a
three-for-one split of Siliconix common stock which was effected on February 29,
2000, as a result of which the number of shares held by Vishay TEMIC was
increased to approximately 24,022,748, although its percentage interest remained
unchanged.

     
Since Vishay TEMIC's acquisition of its interest in Siliconix, Siliconix's
products have been marketed by Vishay's worldwide sales organization under the
Siliconix brand name, and Siliconix's results of operations and other financial
information have been consolidated in Vishay's financial statements.

     
On June 16, 2000, Siliconix's chief financial officer resigned, and William
Clancy, Vishay's controller, became the acting chief accounting officer of
Siliconix.

     
Vishay has from time to time considered increasing the size of its interest
in Siliconix in a manner that would allow all other stockholders an equal
opportunity to dispose of their shares.
On occasion, representatives of Vishay
have informally mentioned the possibility of such an offer to members of the
board of Siliconix.
With the recent slowing of growth in the technology sector
and the accompanying pressure on the stock price of Siliconix, Vishay felt that
stockholders might react favorably to an acquisition proposal by Vishay in which
Vishay would acquire their shares at a premium to current market prices.

Accordingly, at its meeting on February 19, 2001, Vishay's board of directors
authorized its management to contact Siliconix's board of directors to discuss a
possible tender offer for any and all shares not already owned by Vishay.

     
On February 22, 2001, Vishay sent a letter to Siliconix's board of
directors proposing to purchase the shares through a tender offer at a price of
$28.82 per share in cash.
Simultaneously with the letter, Vishay

issued a press release disclosing the offer and its material terms to the
public.
The following is the text of Vishay's letter to the Siliconix board:

February 22, 2001

Mr. Glyndwr Smith
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Siliconix incorporated
2201 Laurelwood Road
Santa Clara, California 95054
Attention:
Board of Directors

Gentlemen:

     We are proposing to purchase any and all outstanding shares of common stock
of Siliconix incorporated not already owned by Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. at a
price of $28.82 per share in cash.
The purchase would be made through a tender
offer, subject to customary conditions, in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

     
Alternatively, we could offer to exchange the Siliconix shares for shares
of common stock of Vishay.
Depending upon whether such exchange would be
tax-free to the Siliconix stockholders, we would expect that the value per share
of Siliconix in the exchange would be somewhat less than the cash price.

     
If we hold at least 90 percent of the outstanding Siliconix shares
following completion of our offer, we may effect a "short-form" merger of
Siliconix with a Vishay subsidiary under Delaware law.
If such a merger takes
place promptly after the offer, the consideration given to stockholders in the
merger would be the same as the consideration received by tendering stockholders
in the offer.

     
We are not requesting that you enter into any agreement with respect to the
offer or pay any sort of break-up or similar fee in the event that the offer is
not consummated, including because of a higher offer from a subsequent bidder.

Our offer would not foreclose any other person from making a higher offer for
the shares that we do not already own.

     
We recognize that a majority of the board of directors of Siliconix is
either affiliated with Vishay or serves with Siliconix management.
We request
the opportunity to discuss our offer with a special committee of independent,
non-management Siliconix directors who are unaffiliated with Vishay.
We only
expect to proceed with our offer if the special committee, after consultations
with its financial and legal advisors, concludes that the offer is fair to
Siliconix stockholders.
In addition, we could also determine not to proceed with
the offer if in our sole judgment changes in economic, business or market
conditions make the offer unadvisable.

     
Please call me at (610) 644-1300 at your earliest convenience to discuss
this matter.
We look forward to hearing from you.


Sincerely,

Avi D. Eden
Vice Chairman

     On February 26, 2001, Siliconix's board of directors met by conference call
to consider Vishay's proposal and to designate a special committee responsible
for evaluating and negotiating the proposal.
At that meeting, the board
increased the authorized number of directors of Siliconix from six to eight and
appointed Timothy V. Talbert to fill one of two newly-created vacancies on the
board.
The board of directors also established the special committee and named
Mr. Talbert and another Siliconix director, Mark B. Segall, as the committee's
two members.
Neither Mr. Talbert nor Mr. Segall has any current

interest in or affiliation with Siliconix or Vishay, other than as directors of
Siliconix and the ownership for over ten years of 2,014 shares of Vishay stock
by Mr. Talbert and his wife in individual retirement accounts.
However, both
Messrs. Talbert and Segall have had material relationships with Vishay in the
past.
The Siliconix board did not name any other members of the full board to
the special committee because, of its five other members, three (Lori Lipcaman,
Everett Arndt and Glyndwr Smith) are management employees of Vishay, one
(Michael Rosenberg) is a consultant to Vishay, and the fifth (King Owyang) is
the president and chief executive officer of Siliconix and holds options to
purchase 102,500 shares of Vishay common stock.
See "Interests of Certain
Persons" on page 46.

     
The Siliconix board of directors authorized and directed the special
committee to assess Vishay's February 22, 2001 proposal.
The full board also
authorized the special committee to consider possible alternatives to the Vishay
proposal.
The board further authorized the special committee to communicate and,
as the committee considered appropriate, negotiate directly with Vishay
concerning the terms and conditions of Vishay's proposal.
The special committee
was also authorized to hire an investment banking firm and a law firm to provide
the committee with financial and legal advice in performing these tasks.

     
On February 27, 2001, Siliconix sent a letter to Vishay acknowledging its
receipt of the offer as well to inform Vishay of the formation of the special
committee, which Siliconix announced to the public through the issuance of a
press release on March 1, 2000.
The following is the text of Siliconix's letter
to Vishay:

February 27, 2001

Avi Eden, Esq.
Vice Chairman
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
63 Lincoln Highway
Malvern, PA 19355


Dear Mr. Eden:

The Siliconix Board of Directors has received your letter of February 22, 2001,
in which you disclosed a proposal by Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. to purchase
all of the shares of Siliconix incorporated that it does not already own for
$28.82 in cash or, alternatively, for an undetermined number of shares of Vishay
stock for each share of Siliconix stock.


The Siliconix Board has appointed a special committee of independent,
non-management Siliconix directors who are unaffiliated with Vishay.
This
committee will evaluate your offer thoroughly and objectively and will advise
the Siliconix Board accordingly.
We will communicate our position to you
thereafter.


Sincerely,

Glyndwr Smith
Chairman, Siliconix incorporated

     The Siliconix special committee subsequently engaged the investment banking
firm of Lehman Brothers Inc. as its financial advisor and the law firm of Heller
Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP as its legal counsel.

     
Over the next several weeks the special committee met on various occasions
with its financial and legal advisors to discuss the Vishay proposal, the
business and prospects of Siliconix and trends in the electronic components
industry generally.
Lehman Brothers conducted various financial diligence
investigations of Siliconix during this period and Heller Ehrman conducted
various legal investigations.

     
On April 5, 2001, the members of the special committee, together with their
financial and legal advisors, met in New York City with representatives of
Vishay and its legal advisor.
The parties discussed the cash price that had been
proposed by Vishay as well as structuring issues and other non-price terms of
the Vishay offer.
The special committee and its financial advisor expressed the
view that, despite the slow economy, the state of the semiconductor industry and
the depressed stock market, they believed that $28.82 was not a fair price for
the Siliconix shares.
The parties agreed to resume their discussion after Lehman
Brothers had completed its valuation work on Siliconix and the special committee
had had an opportunity to review that work.

     
Lehman Brothers continued its work during the following weeks and
communicated with the special committee to convey the results of its valuation
analysis.

     
On May 2, 2001, the members of the special committee, together with their
financial and legal advisors, again met in New York City with representatives of
Vishay and its legal advisor.
The special committee and its financial advisor
reiterated their view that the $28.82 per share price that had been proposed by
Vishay was inadequate.
Vishay's representatives indicated that Vishay was
prepared to offer a higher price but only in a transaction in which the
consideration consisted primarily or exclusively of Vishay common stock.
The
parties then discussed this proposal, including a possible exchange ratio,
possible adjustments to the exchange ratio depending on the price levels of
Vishay stock, structuring issues and other non-cash terms of the offer.
Although
no agreement was reached on these issues, Lehman Brothers was directed to
commence a diligence analysis of Vishay in order to form a view as to the value
of Vishay stock as consideration in the offer.

     
Following the May 2, meeting counsel for Vishay and the special committee
exchanged drafts of and comments upon a form of merger agreement between Vishay
and Siliconix.

     
Thereafter, as a result of movements in the stock market and Vishay's
perception of a continuing deterioration in the electronic components market
generally and in the space in which Siliconix operates in particular, Vishay
formed a view that it was prepared to offer to acquire the publicly held stock
of Siliconix in a stock-for-stock exchange offer without a merger agreement and
without the advance approval of the special committee or favorable
recommendation of the Siliconix board.

     
On May 23, 2001, Vishay informed the special committee that it was
considering making an exchange offer for Siliconix stock at the ratio of 1.5
shares of Vishay common stock for each share of Siliconix common stock without
first obtaining the special committee's approval.
On May 24, 2001, the board of
directors of Vishay met and determined to proceed with the offer.

     
On May 25, 2001, Vishay placed an advertisement in the Wall Street Journal
and issued a press release announcing the commencement of the offer.


CERTAIN LITIGATION

     In February and March 2001, several purported class action complaints were
filed in the Court of Chancery in and for New Castle County, Delaware and the
Superior Court of the State of California against Vishay, Siliconix and the
directors of Siliconix in connection with Vishay's announced proposal to
purchase all issued and outstanding shares of Siliconix common stock not already
owned by Vishay.
The California class actions also name as defendants the
directors of Vishay.
The class actions, filed on behalf of all non-Vishay
Siliconix stockholders, allege, among other things, that Vishay's $28.82 per
share cash proposal was unfair and a breach of fiduciary duty.
The actions seek
injunctive relief, damages and other relief.

     
Vishay has not yet responded to the complaints in the Delaware actions.
On
April 9, 2001, Vishay and those defendants that have been served moved for a
stay of the California actions.
That motion is presently returnable on June 22,
2001.

     
One of the Delaware class actions brought on behalf of all minority
stockholders of Siliconix was filed on March 8, 2001 by Raymond L. Fitzgerald,
allegedly a beneficial owner of over 137,000 shares of

Siliconix common stock.
This action claims that Vishay, Siliconix and six of the
seven Siliconix directors breached their fiduciary duties to deal fairly with,
and to pay a fair price to, the minority stockholders of Siliconix.
This suit
also contains derivative claims against Vishay on behalf of Siliconix alleging
self-dealing and waste because Vishay purportedly usurped Siliconix's
intellectual property and inventions, appropriated Siliconix's separate
corporate identity and obtained a below-market loan from Siliconix.

     
Mr. Fitzgerald makes claims relating to, among other things, (i) the
alleged unfair price and timing of the transaction proposed in Vishay's February
22, 2001 letter to the Siliconix board, (ii) the alleged unfair process employed
by Vishay in pursuing the proposed transaction, including, in particular, the
formation of, according to Mr. Fitzgerald, a sham and unempowered special
committee by the Siliconix board of directors in an effort to mislead minority
stockholders of Siliconix, (iii) alleged conflicts of interest of the special
committee, (iv) alleged materially misleading statements or omissions made by
Vishay and Siliconix with respect to the proposed transaction, and (v) Vishay's
purported pattern over the years of enriching itself at the expense of Siliconix
and its minority stockholders.

     
Mr. Fitzgerald has alleged that the special committee is not independent
because, among other things, one of its two members, Mr. Mark Segall, should not
be considered "unaffiliated" with Vishay.
The complaint notes that until 1999,
Mr. Segall was a partner with the law firm of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel
LLP during which time he represented Vishay as its corporate counsel and
participated in the transaction in which Vishay first acquired its interest in
Siliconix, and that Mr. Segall is listed as Vishay's representative, attorney or
required recipient of any notice on certain of Vishay's SEC filings and
corporate documents.
The complaint also alleges that Mr. Segall acted as a
representative of Vishay after his departure from Kramer Levin.
Mr. Fitzgerald
has alleged that the special committee has been given no real bargaining power
in the proposed transaction.

     
On May 2, 2001, Mr. Fitzgerald filed a request for admissions requesting
certain admissions or denials relating to relationships between Mr. Timothy V.
Talbert, Mr. Segall and Vishay.
On May 11, 2001, Mr. Fitzgerald filed a motion
to consolidate, and requested that he be named the lead plaintiff in the
lawsuits in Delaware that have been filed in connection with the proposed
transaction.
On May 22, 2001, the Court of Chancery consolidated the Delaware
actions under the caption "In re Siliconix Incorporated Shareholders
Litigation."
Mr. Fitzgerald's motion to be named lead plaintiff is opposed by
other plaintiffs in the Delaware actions.
On May 24, 2001, plaintiff Griffin
Portfolio Management Corp. also moved to be appointed as lead plaintiff.
These
motions are pending before the court.

     
Copies of various complaints filed in connection with the transaction
proposed in Vishay's February 22, 2001 letter to the Siliconix board, including
the ones filed by Mr. Fitzgerald and Griffin Portfolio Management Corp., are
attached as exhibits to the registration statement.
See also "Interests of
Certain Persons" on page 46.

                        REASONS OF VISHAY FOR THE OFFER

     At meetings of Vishay's board of directors held on February 19, 2001 and on
May 24, 2001, Vishay's directors determined that the acquisition of the
Siliconix shares that Vishay does not own was in keeping with its corporate
strategy of complementing its internal growth with acquisitions that are likely
to benefit from cost reductions and synergies when combined with Vishay's
existing operations.

     
In reaching its decision to make the offer, Vishay's board of directors
considered the following material factors, among others:

     - the expectation that Siliconix's business could be further integrated
       with the business of Vishay, which would enhance prospects for both
       companies;

     - the belief of Vishay's management that there are opportunities for
       reduction of Siliconix corporate costs, possible elimination of
       facilities of the combined company and potential cost reductions for
       purchased materials and services;

     - the recent softening of the market for electronic components, as
       evidenced by first quarter results across the industry, and the
       particular need in this environment to focus on cost-cutting, operational
       efficiencies and product synergies;

     - the prospects that the current downturn in the electronic component
       industry would extend into the third quarter of 2001, and possibly
       beyond, and that, as the 80.4% owner of Siliconix, Vishay stands to be
       most affected by a falling off in the operating results of Siliconix;

     - stockholder allegations made from time to time, which Vishay believes are
       unfounded but which nonetheless have diverted management attention, that
       Vishay has used its position as controlling stockholder of Siliconix to
       usurp rights and opportunities of Siliconix to the detriment of
       Siliconix's minority stockholders; and

     - Vishay's history of long-term growth through acquisitions, including its
       substantial experience integrating acquired businesses with existing
       operations and thereby achieving synergies and cost savings.

             
OTHER FACTORS TO CONSIDER BEFORE TENDERING YOUR SHARES

     In determining whether or not to tender your Siliconix shares in the offer,
you should consider the following factors, in addition to the risk factors and
other factors identified in this document.
See "Risk Factors" beginning on page
10:

Vishay Business Considerations

     - Combining the business and operations of Vishay and Siliconix should
       result in operational efficiencies and cost savings that Vishay believes
       could not be achieved by Siliconix on a standalone basis.
Vishay believes
       that these efficiencies and savings could be realized in administrative,
       human resources, information technology, purchasing, research and
       development, strategic planning and other corporate functions without
       impairing Siliconix's core operations.

     - Vishay should have broader access to capital markets and greater
       borrowing capacity than Siliconix, which could be used to finance
       acquisitions and capital expansion at Siliconix that may be foreclosed to
       Siliconix as an independent public company that is majority-owned by
       Vishay.

     - Because of the greater breadth of Vishay's operations and product lines,
       Vishay should experience less volatility in revenues and earnings than
       Siliconix, which has a much narrower product and operational base.


Vishay Stock and Market Considerations

     - Stockholders of Vishay have an ownership interest in a larger and more
       diversified company than Siliconix.

     - Vishay is actively covered by a number of members of the analyst
       community.
Siliconix has no independent analyst coverage.

     
- The market for Siliconix stock is relatively illiquid compared to the
       market in Vishay stock, with the average daily trading volume for Vishay
       stock being over twenty times as great as the average daily volume for
       Siliconix stock.

     
- Because Vishay owns approximately 80.4% of the outstanding Siliconix
       stock, a sale of Siliconix in which stockholders would realize an
       acquisition premium is unlikely and cannot occur without the consent of
       Vishay.


Siliconix Business Considerations

     - Siliconix has already acted to cut costs and reduce operating expenses in
       order to maintain profitability in the current adverse economic
       environment.

     
- Siliconix owns a valuable and extensive portfolio of intellectual
       property, and has a long tradition of innovative product development.
       
Siliconix introduced 119 new products in 2000 alone.

     - Siliconix had its best year ever in 2000, with record earnings of $107.6
       million.


Siliconix Stock and Market Considerations

     - Siliconix has traded as high as $88.06 in the last 52 weeks, and has
       already recovered from its 52 week low of $16.94.

     - Siliconix stock price and operating performance can be expected to
       rebound further with improvements in the United States and world economy
       and when the inventory corrections in Siliconix's major markets have run
       their course.

     - Historically, Siliconix has recovered from adverse economic conditions
       ahead of corresponding improvements in Vishay's business generally.

     -
As a Vishay stockholder, your interest in the performance and prospects
       of Siliconix will be indirect and in proportion to your relative holdings
       of Vishay stock.
Accordingly, you may not realize the same financial
       benefit of future appreciation in the enterprise value of Siliconix that
       you would if you remained a Siliconix stockholder.

     
- Siliconix stock has often traded historically at higher price to earnings
       multiples than the stock of Vishay.

     - Because Vishay owns approximately 80.4% of the outstanding Siliconix
       stock, there can be no effective "market check" on the Vishay offer.
It
       is highly unlikely that any third party would bid for Siliconix in these
       circumstances.


Certain Allegations Against Vishay

     - It is alleged in the current litigation described in "Certain Litigation"
       beginning on page 27, that Vishay has usurped for itself patented
       technology actually developed by employees of Siliconix.

     - It has further been alleged that Vishay has caused Siliconix to lend
       funds to Vishay at rates that are below the rates that Siliconix could
       obtain from third party borrowers under similar circumstances.

     - It has further been alleged that Vishay has usurped for itself the
       corporate identity of Siliconix by causing the name Vishay to appear
       prominently at Siliconix's headquarters, on the business cards of
       Siliconix employees and in other contexts in which Siliconix is
       mentioned.

     -
In the past, there have been claims that Vishay obtains products for
       resale from Siliconix at below market transfer prices.

     - There have also been claims that by awarding Vishay stock options to
       Siliconix employees and management, Vishay incentivizes these Siliconix
       personnel to act in the interests of Vishay rather than Siliconix.

     
Vishay denies these claims and allegations.

                              
FINANCIAL FORECASTS

     As part of its business planning cycles, the management of each of
Siliconix and Vishay from time to time have prepared internal financial
forecasts regarding its anticipated future operations.
In the course of the
discussions described in "Background of the Offer," Vishay and Siliconix
provided these internal forecasts to each other and to Siliconix's special
committee's financial advisor.

     
The internal financial forecasts regarding Siliconix prepared by
Siliconix's management reflected the following forecasted information (in
thousands, except per share amounts):

                 CALENDAR YEAR                     SALES      EBITDA    NET INCOME    EPS
                 -------------                    --------   --------   ----------   
-----

2001............................................  $325,000   $ 78,700    $ 29,000    $0.99
2002............................................   460,000    159,600      92,500     3.10
2003............................................   545,000    184,200     111,600     3.74
2004............................................   630,000    209,500     130,900     4.38
2005............................................   720,000    234,100     151,400     5.07

     The internal financial forecasts regarding Vishay prepared by Vishay's
management reflected the following forecasted information, exclusive of
restructuring charges (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                 CALENDAR YEAR                     SALES       EBITDA    NET INCOME    EPS
                 -------------                   
----------   --------   ----------   
-----

2001...........................................  $1,880,000   $437,000    $215,000    $1.55
2002...........................................   
1,927,000    399,000     181,000     1.30

     The above forecasts of Siliconix and Vishay were prepared for internal
budgeting and planning purposes only and not with a view to public disclosure or
compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding projections or
forecasts.
While presented with numerical specificity, the forecasts are based
upon a variety of assumptions relating to the business of Siliconix and Vishay
and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that
are beyond the control of the management of Siliconix and Vishay.
These include
the impact of general economic and business conditions, the competitive
environment in which each operates and other factors.
See "Forward Looking
Information" on page 15.
Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from
those forecasted.

     
The inclusion of the forecasts herein should not be regarded as a
representation by Siliconix or Vishay or any other person that such forecasts
are or will prove to be correct.
By including the projections of Siliconix in
this document, Vishay does not adopt those projections.
As a matter of course,
neither Siliconix nor Vishay makes public projections or forecasts of its
anticipated financial position or results of operations.
Except to the extent
required under applicable securities laws, neither Siliconix nor Vishay intends
to make publicly available any update or other revisions to any of the forecasts
to reflect circumstances existing after the date of preparation of such
forecasts.

                                   
THE OFFER

     We are offering to exchange 1.5 shares of Vishay common stock for each
outstanding share of Siliconix common stock which is validly tendered and not
properly withdrawn on or prior to the expiration date of the offer, subject to
the terms and conditions described in this prospectus and the related letter of
transmittal.

     
The term "expiration date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
Friday, June 22, 2001, unless we extend the period of time for which the offer
is open, in which case the term "expiration date" means the latest time and date
on which the offer, as so extended, expires.

     
You will not receive any fractional shares of Vishay common stock in the
offer or the merger.
In lieu of any fractional share, you will receive cash
equal to the product of such fractional share, after combining all fractional
shares to which you would otherwise be entitled, and the closing price of Vishay
common stock as reported on the NYSE on the expiration date of the offer.

     
If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your shares
directly to the exchange agent, you will not be obligated to pay any charges or
expenses of the exchange agent or any brokerage commissions.
If you own your
shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders the shares on
your behalf, your broker may charge you a fee for doing so.
You should consult
your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply.

     
Our obligation to exchange Vishay shares for Siliconix shares in the offer
is subject to several conditions referred to below under "Conditions of the
Offer.
"

TIMING OF THE OFFER

     Our offer is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
Friday, June 22, 2001.
For more information, see the discussion under
"Extension, Termination and Amendment" below.


EXTENSION, TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

     We expressly reserve the right, in our sole discretion, at any time or from
time to time to extend the period of time during which our offer remains open,
and we can do so by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the
exchange agent.
If we decide to extend our offer, we will make an announcement
to that effect no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business
day after the previously scheduled expiration date.
We are not making any
assurance that we will exercise our right to extend our offer, although we
currently intend to do so until all conditions have been satisfied or, where
permissible, waived.
During any such extension, all Siliconix shares previously
tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the offer, subject to your
right to withdraw your Siliconix shares prior to the expiration date.

     
Subject to the SEC's applicable rules and regulations, we also reserve the
right, in our sole discretion, at any time or from time to time, to delay our
acceptance for exchange or our exchange of any Siliconix shares pursuant to our
offer, regardless of whether we previously accepted Siliconix shares for
exchange, or to terminate our offer and not accept for exchange or exchange any
Siliconix shares not previously accepted for exchange or exchanged, upon the
failure of any of the conditions of the offer to be satisfied or, where
permissible, waived, or otherwise to amend the offer in any respect (except as
described below), by giving oral or written notice of such delay, termination or
amendment to the exchange agent and by making a public announcement.
We will
follow any extension, delay, termination or amendment, as promptly as
practicable, with a public announcement.
In the case of an extension, any such
announcement will be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
next business day after the previously scheduled expiration date.
Subject to
applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(c) and 14d-6(d) under the Exchange Act,
which require that any material change in the information published, sent or
given to the stockholders in connection with the offer be promptly sent to
stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform stockholders of such
change) and without limiting the manner in which we may choose to make any
public announcement, we assume no obligation to publish, advertise or otherwise
communicate any such public announcement other than by making a release to the
Dow Jones News Service.

     
We expressly reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to
modify the terms and conditions of the offer, except that the minimum condition,
the registration statement effectiveness condition and the listing condition may
not be modified or waived.

     
If we make a material change in the terms of the offer or the information
concerning the offer, or if we waive a material condition of the offer, we will
extend the offer to the extent required under the Exchange Act.
If, prior to the
expiration date, we change the consideration offered to you, that change will
apply to all holders whose Siliconix shares are accepted for exchange pursuant
to the offer.
If at the time notice of that change is first published, sent or
given to you, the offer is scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the
tenth business day from and including the date that the notice is first so
published, sent or given, we will extend the offer until the expiration of that
ten business-day period.
For purposes of the offer, a "business day" means any
day other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday and consists of the time
period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, New York City time.


EXCHANGE OF SILICONIX SHARES; DELIVERY OF VISHAY COMMON STOCK

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the offer (including, if
the offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of the extension or
amendment), we will accept for exchange Siliconix shares validly tendered and
not properly withdrawn as promptly as permitted to do so under applicable law
and will exchange Vishay common stock for the shares of Siliconix common stock
promptly thereafter.
In all cases, exchange of Siliconix shares tendered and
accepted for exchange pursuant to the offer will be made only after timely
receipt by the exchange agent of certificates for those Siliconix shares (or a
timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of those Siliconix shares in the
exchange agent's account at The Depository Trust Company), a properly completed
and duly executed letter of transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile of that
document), and any other required documents, or you must comply with the
guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in "Guaranteed Delivery" beginning on
page 36.

     
For purposes of the offer, we will be deemed to have accepted for exchange
Siliconix shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn when, as and if we
notify the exchange agent of our acceptance of the tenders of those Siliconix
shares pursuant to the offer.
The exchange agent will deliver shares of Vishay
common stock in exchange for Siliconix shares pursuant to the offer and cash
instead of a fraction of a share of Vishay common stock (as specified in this
document) as soon as practicable after receipt of our notice.
The exchange agent
will act as agent for tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving Vishay
common stock and cash to be paid instead of a fraction of a share of Vishay
common stock and transmitting such stock and cash to you.
You will not receive
any interest on any cash that we pay you, even if there is a delay in making the
exchange.

     
If we do not accept any tendered Siliconix shares for exchange pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the offer for any reason, or if certificates are
submitted for more Siliconix shares than are tendered, we will return
certificates for such unexchanged Siliconix shares without expense to the
tendering stockholder.
In the case of Siliconix shares tendered by book-entry
transfer of such Siliconix shares into the exchange agent's account at DTC
pursuant to the procedures set forth below under the discussion entitled
"Procedure for Tendering Shares," those Siliconix shares will be credited to an
account maintained within DTC, as soon as practicable following expiration or
termination of the offer.

     
If we increase the consideration offered to Siliconix stockholders in the
offer prior to the expiration date, such increased consideration will be given
to all stockholders whose Siliconix shares are tendered pursuant to the offer,
whether or not such Siliconix shares were tendered or accepted for exchange
prior to such increase in consideration.


CASH INSTEAD OF FRACTIONAL SHARES OF VISHAY COMMON STOCK

     We will not issue certificates representing a fraction of a share of Vishay
common stock pursuant to the offer or the merger.
Instead, each tendering
stockholder who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Vishay
common stock, after combining all fractional shares to which such stockholder
would otherwise be entitled, will receive cash in an amount equal to the product
obtained by multiplying (i) the

fraction of a share of Vishay common stock to which the holder would otherwise
be entitled by (ii) the closing price of Vishay common stock as reported on the
NYSE on the expiration date of the offer.

PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES

     
For you to validly tender Siliconix shares pursuant to our offer, (a) a
properly completed and duly executed letter of transmittal (or manually executed
facsimile of that document), along with any required signature guarantees, or an
agent's message in connection with a book-entry transfer, and any other required
documents, must be transmitted to and received by the exchange agent at one of
its addresses set forth on the back cover of this prospectus, and certificates
for tendered Siliconix shares must be received by the exchange agent at such
address or those Siliconix shares must be tendered pursuant to the procedures
for book-entry tender set forth below (and a book-entry confirmation of receipt
of such tender received), in each case before the expiration date, or (b) you
must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below.

     
The term "agent's message" means a message, transmitted by DTC to, and
received by, the exchange agent and forming a part of a book-entry confirmation,
which states that DTC has received an express acknowledgment from the
participant in DTC tendering the Siliconix shares which are the subject of the
book-entry confirmation, that the participant has received and agrees to be
bound by the terms of the letter of transmittal and that we may enforce that
agreement against the participant.

     
The exchange agent will establish an account with respect to the Siliconix
shares at DTC for purposes of the offer within two business days after the date
of this prospectus, and any financial institution that is a participant in DTC
may make book-entry delivery of the Siliconix shares by causing DTC to transfer
such Siliconix shares into the exchange agent's account in accordance with DTC's
procedure for the transfer.
However, although delivery of Siliconix shares may
be effected through book-entry at DTC, the letter of transmittal (or a manually
signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or an agent's
message in connection with a book-entry transfer, and any other required
documents, must, in any case, be transmitted to and received by the exchange
agent at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this prospectus
prior to the expiration date of the offer, or the guaranteed delivery procedures
described below must be followed.

     
Signatures on all letters of transmittal must be guaranteed by an eligible
institution, except in cases in which Siliconix shares are tendered either by a
registered holder of Siliconix shares who has not completed the box entitled
"Special Issuance Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions" on the letter of transmittal or for the account of an eligible
institution.
By "eligible institution," we mean a bank, broker, dealer, credit
union, savings association or other entity which is a member in good standing of
a recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association
Inc., including the Securities Transfer Agent's Medallion Program (STAMP), the
Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP) and the New York Stock Exchange
Medallion Signature Program (MSP) or any other "eligible guarantor institution,"
as that term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act.

     
If the certificates for Siliconix shares are registered in the name of a
person other than the person who signs the letter of transmittal, or if
certificates for unexchanged Siliconix shares are to be issued to a person other
than the registered holder(s), the certificates must be endorsed or accompanied
by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names
of the registered owner or owners appear on the certificates, with the
signature(s) on the certificates or stock powers guaranteed in the manner we
have described above.

     
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SILICONIX SHARE CERTIFICATES AND ALL OTHER
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH DTC, IS AT YOUR OPTION AND RISK,
AND THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE EXCHANGE
AGENT.
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, WE RECOMMEND REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED.
IN ALL CASES, YOU SHOULD ALLOW SUFFICIENT TIME TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

     
TO PREVENT BACKUP FEDERAL INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING WITH RESPECT TO CASH IN
LIEU OF A FRACTION OF A SHARE OF VISHAY COMMON STOCK RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE
OFFER, YOU MUST PROVIDE THE EXCHANGE AGENT WITH

YOUR CORRECT TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER AND CERTIFY THAT YOU ARE NOT SUBJECT
TO BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF FEDERAL INCOME TAX BY COMPLETING THE SUBSTITUTE FORM
W-9 INCLUDED IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.
SOME STOCKHOLDERS (INCLUDING, AMONG
OTHERS, ALL CORPORATIONS AND SOME FOREIGN INDIVIDUALS) ARE NOT SUBJECT TO BACKUP
WITHHOLDING.
IN ORDER FOR A FOREIGN INDIVIDUAL TO QUALIFY AS AN EXEMPT
RECIPIENT, THE STOCKHOLDER MUST SUBMIT A FORM W-8BEN, SIGNED UNDER PENALTIES OF
PERJURY, ATTESTING TO THAT INDIVIDUAL'S EXEMPT STATUS.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
REGARDING BACKUP WITHHOLDING IS PROVIDED IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.


WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS

     Siliconix shares tendered pursuant to the offer may be withdrawn at any
time prior to the applicable expiration date and, unless we have previously
accepted them pursuant to the offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after
July 23, 2001.

     
For your withdrawal to be effective, the exchange agent must receive from
you a written, telex or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal at one of
its addresses set forth on the back cover of this prospectus, and your notice
must include your name, address, social security number, the certificate
number(s) and the number of Siliconix shares to be withdrawn as well as the name
of the registered holder, if it is different from that of the person who
tendered those Siliconix shares.
If Siliconix shares have been tendered pursuant
to the procedures for book-entry tender discussed under "Procedure for Tendering
Shares," any notice of withdrawal must specify the name and number of the
account at DTC to be credited with the withdrawn Siliconix shares and must
otherwise comply with DTC's procedures.
If certificates have been delivered or
otherwise identified to the exchange agent, the name of the registered holder
and the serial numbers of the particular certificates evidencing the Siliconix
shares withdrawn must also be furnished to the exchange agent, as stated above,
prior to the physical release of the certificates.
We will decide all questions
as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of
withdrawal, in our sole discretion, and our decision shall be final and binding.

     
An eligible institution must guarantee all signatures on the notice of
withdrawal unless the Siliconix shares have been tendered for the account of an
eligible institution.

     
Neither we, the exchange agent, the information agent nor any other person
will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in
any notice of withdrawal or will incur any liability for failure to give any
notification.
Any Siliconix shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not to have
been validly tendered for purposes of our offer.
However, you may retender
withdrawn Siliconix shares by following one of the procedures discussed under
"Procedure for Tendering Shares" or "Guaranteed Delivery" at any time prior to
the expiration date.


GUARANTEED DELIVERY

     If you wish to tender Siliconix shares pursuant to the offer and your
certificates are not immediately available or you cannot deliver the
certificates and all other required documents to the exchange agent prior to the
expiration date or cannot complete the procedure for book-entry transfer on a
timely basis
, your Siliconix shares may nevertheless be tendered, so long as all
of the following conditions are satisfied:

     - you make your tender by or through an eligible institution;

     - a properly completed and duly executed notice of guaranteed delivery,
       substantially in the form made available by us, is received by the
       exchange agent as provided below on or prior to the expiration date; and

     - the certificates for all tendered Siliconix shares (or a confirmation of
       a book-entry transfer of such securities into the exchange agent's
       account at DTC as described above), in proper form for transfer, together
       with a properly completed and duly executed letter of transmittal (or a
       manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature
       guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an agent's message)
       and all other documents required by the letter of transmittal are
       received by the exchange agent within three Nasdaq National Market
       trading days after the date of execution of such notice of guaranteed
       delivery.

     
You may deliver the notice of guaranteed delivery by hand or transmit it by
facsimile transmission or mail to the exchange agent and you must include a
guarantee by an eligible institution in the form set forth in that notice.

     
In all cases, we will exchange Siliconix shares tendered and accepted for
exchange pursuant to our offer only after timely receipt by the exchange agent
of certificates for Siliconix shares (or timely confirmation of a book-entry
transfer of those Siliconix shares into the exchange agent's account at DTC as
described above), a properly completed and duly executed letter(s) of
transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile(s) thereof), or an agent's message
in connection with a book-entry transfer, and any other required documents.

EFFECT OF TENDER

     By executing a letter of transmittal as set forth above, you irrevocably
appoint our designees as your attorneys-in-fact and proxies, each with full
power of substitution, to the full extent of your rights with respect to your
Siliconix shares tendered and accepted for exchange by us and with respect to
any and all other Siliconix shares and other securities issued or issuable in
respect of the Siliconix shares on or after May 25, 2001.
That appointment is
effective, and voting rights will be affected, when and only to the extent that
we deposit shares of Vishay common stock for Siliconix shares that you have
tendered with the exchange agent.
All such proxies shall be considered coupled
with an interest in the tendered Siliconix shares and therefore shall not be
revocable.
Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior proxies that
you have given will be revoked, and you may not give any subsequent proxies
(and, if given, they will not be deemed effective).
Our designees will, with
respect to the Siliconix shares for which the appointment is effective, be
empowered, among other things, to exercise all of your voting and other rights
as they, in their sole discretion, deem proper at any annual, special or
adjourned meeting of Siliconix's stockholders or otherwise.
We reserve the right
to require that, in order for Siliconix shares to be deemed validly tendered,
immediately upon our exchange of those Siliconix shares, we must be able to
exercise full voting rights with respect to such Siliconix shares.

     
We will determine questions as to the validity, form, eligibility
(including time of receipt) and acceptance for exchange of any tender of
Siliconix shares, in our sole discretion, and our determination shall be final
and binding.
We reserve the absolute right to reject any and all tenders of
Siliconix shares that we determine are not in proper form or the acceptance of
or exchange for which may, in the opinion of our counsel, be unlawful.
No tender
of Siliconix shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects
and irregularities in tenders of Siliconix shares have been cured or waived.

Neither we, the exchange agent, the information agent nor any other person will
be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in the
tender of any Siliconix shares or will incur any liability for failure to give
any such notification.
Our interpretation of the terms and conditions of our
offer (including the letter of transmittal and instructions thereto)
will be
final and binding.

     
The tender of Siliconix shares pursuant to any of the procedures described
above will constitute a binding agreement between us and you upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of the offer.


MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the exchange of Siliconix common stock for Vishay common
stock in the offer and, if consummated, merger.
The discussion which follows is
based on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, treasury
regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and pronouncements
and judicial decisions as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect.
Any such change could alter the tax
consequences discussed in this document.
The discussion below is also based on
representations made by Vishay and Vishay TEMIC.
If any of these representations
is inaccurate, the tax consequences of the offer and merger could differ from
those described in this document.

     
The discussion below is for general information only and, except where
specifically noted, does not address the effects of any state, local or non-U.S.
tax laws.
In addition, the discussion below relates to

persons who hold Siliconix common stock and will hold Vishay common stock as
capital assets.
The tax treatment of a Siliconix stockholder may vary depending
upon such stockholder's particular situation, and certain stockholders may be
subject to special rules not discussed below, including for example, partners of
partnerships that hold Siliconix common stock or will hold Vishay common stock,
insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions,
broker-dealers and individuals who received Siliconix common stock pursuant to
the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation.
In
addition, this discussion does not address the tax consequences to any Siliconix
stockholder who is a not a U.S. Holder or who exercises appraisal rights.

     
As used in this section, a "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of
Siliconix common stock who exchanges Siliconix common stock for Vishay common
stock and who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:

     - a citizen or resident of the U.S.;

     - a corporation, partnership or other entity, other than a trust, created
       or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any political
       subdivision thereof;

     - an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless
       of its source; or

     - a trust:

      1.
if, in general, a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary
         supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have
         authority to control all of its substantial decisions, or

      2.
that has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. treasury
         regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.

     
In the opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP, based upon
representations made by Vishay and Vishay TEMIC and on certain assumptions set
forth in such opinion and as further qualified therein, (i) the exchange of
Siliconix common stock for Vishay common stock in the offer and, if consummated,
merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and (ii) Vishay, Vishay TEMIC and Siliconix will
each be a party to the reorganization.
As a result:

     - Siliconix stockholders will not recognize any income, gain or loss on the
       exchange of Siliconix common stock for Vishay common stock in the offer
       and/or merger (except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares);

     - the tax basis to a Siliconix stockholder of the Vishay common stock
       received in exchange for Siliconix common stock pursuant to the offer
       and/or merger, including any fractional share interest in Vishay common
       stock for which cash is received, will equal such Siliconix stockholder's
       tax basis in the Siliconix common stock surrendered in exchange therefor;

     - the holding period of a Siliconix stockholder for the Vishay common stock
       received pursuant to the offer and/or merger, including any fractional
       share interest in Vishay common stock for which cash is received, will
       include the holding period of the Siliconix common stock surrendered in
       exchange therefor;

     - a Siliconix stockholder who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share
       of Vishay common stock pursuant to the offer and/or merger will be
       treated as having received such cash in redemption of such fractional
       share interest and generally will recognize capital gain or loss on such
       deemed exchange in an amount equal to the difference between the amount
       of cash received and the basis of the Siliconix stock allocable to such
       fractional share; and

     - no income, gain or loss will be recognized by Vishay, Vishay TEMIC or
       Siliconix as a result of the transfer to Siliconix stockholders of the
       Vishay common stock provided by Vishay to Vishay TEMIC pursuant to the
       offer and merger.


PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; THE MERGER; APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     We are making the offer in order to acquire all of the outstanding shares
of Siliconix common stock that we do not own.
Our offer is conditioned on, among
other things, the tender of at least a majority of the outstanding publicly held
Siliconix shares.
If that condition is satisfied and if the offer is
consummated, we will own more than 90% of the outstanding common stock of
Siliconix.
Under Delaware law, this would allow us to effect a "short-form"
merger of Siliconix with the subsidiary of Vishay holding the Siliconix shares
without stockholder approval.
We currently intend, as soon as practicable after
consummation of the offer, to effect such a short-form merger, with the
surviving company becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay.
To effect the
merger, Vishay TEMIC would contribute all of the shares of Siliconix common
stock to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay TEMIC and that subsidiary would
merge with and into Siliconix.

     
If the short-form merger takes place and you have not validly tendered your
Siliconix shares in the offer, your shares will be exchanged for the same
consideration per Siliconix share you own that you would have received, without
interest, if you had tendered your shares in the offer, unless you properly
perfect your appraisal rights under Delaware law.

     
Although we currently intend to effect the short-form merger following
consummation of the offer, we are not required to do so and there are
circumstances in which we may determine not to effect the merger.
These
circumstances include if a court prevented us from effecting the merger or if we
deemed it advisable not to effect the merger in order to settle litigation or
avoid litigation risk.
If we determine not to effect the short-form merger
following consummation of the offer, we could still do so at a later time.
In
that case, the value of the per share consideration received by stockholders in
the merger could be less than or greater than the value of the consideration
received in the offer.

     
If we were to consummate the offer but not effect the short-form merger,
the liquidity of and market for the remaining publicly held Siliconix shares,
and the rights of the holders of those shares could be adversely affected.
The
Siliconix common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.

Depending upon the number of Siliconix shares purchased in the offer, the
Siliconix common stock may no longer meet the requirements for continued listing
and may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market System.
It is possible that
the Siliconix common stock would continue to trade in the over-the-counter
market and that price quotations would be reported by other sources.
The extent
of the public market for the Siliconix stock and the availability of such
quotations would, however, depend upon the number of holders of the Siliconix
stock remaining at such time, the interests in maintaining a market in the
Siliconix stock on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of
registration of the Siliconix stock under the Exchange Act, as described below,
and other factors.

     
The Siliconix common stock is currently registered under the Exchange Act.

This registration may be terminated upon application of Siliconix to the SEC if
there are fewer than 300 holders of record of the Siliconix stock.
The
termination of the registration of the Siliconix common stock under the Exchange
Act would substantially reduce the information required to be furnished by
Siliconix to its stockholders and to the SEC.
It would also make certain of the
provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery
provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement in
connection with stockholders' meetings, the related requirement of an annual
report to stockholders, and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 with respect to going
private transactions, no longer applicable.

     
The shares of Siliconix common stock are currently "margin securities"
under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

This has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on
the Siliconix common stock as collateral.
Depending on factors similar to those
described above regarding listing and market quotations, it is possible the
Siliconix stock would no longer constitute "margin securities" for purposes of
the Federal Reserve Board's margin regulations.
If registration of the Siliconix
common stock under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Siliconix stock would
no longer be "margin securities.
"

  APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, Siliconix stockholders do not have appraisal rights in
connection with the offer.
The following summarizes provisions of Delaware law
regarding appraisal rights that would be applicable in the event of a short-form
merger.
This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which contains the Delaware appraisal
statute.
A copy of this provision is attached to this document as Annex A.
If
you fail to take any action required by Delaware law, your rights to an
appraisal will be waived or terminated.

  
Notification of Merger's Effectiveness

     
Either before the effective time of the merger or within ten days
thereafter, Siliconix will send notice of the effectiveness of the merger and
the availability of appraisal rights to each Siliconix stockholder (other than
Vishay or its subsidiaries).

  
Electing Appraisal Rights

     To exercise appraisal rights, the record holder of Siliconix common stock
must within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice deliver a written
demand for appraisal to Siliconix.
This demand must reasonably inform Siliconix
of the identity of the holder of record and that the stockholder demands
appraisal of his, her or its shares of Siliconix common stock.

     
A demand for appraisal must be delivered to: Corporate Secretary, Siliconix
incorporated, 2201 Laurelwood Road, Santa Clara, California 95054.

  
Only Record Holders May Demand Appraisal Rights

     Only a record holder of Siliconix common stock is entitled to demand
appraisal rights.
The demand must be executed by or for the record holder, fully
and correctly, as the holder's name appears on the holder's stock certificates.

     - If the Siliconix common stock is owned of record in a fiduciary capacity,
       such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, the demand should be
       executed in that capacity.

     - If the Siliconix common stock is owned of record by more than one person,
       as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed
       by or for all owners.

     - An authorized agent, including one of two or more joint owners, may
       execute the demand for appraisal for a holder of record.
The agent must
       identify the owner or owners of record and expressly disclose the fact
       that, in executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the owner
       or owners of record.

     
- A holder of record, such as a broker, who holds common stock as nominee
       for beneficial owners, may exercise a holder's right of appraisal with
       respect to common stock held for all or less than all of such beneficial
       owners.
In that case, the written demand should set forth the number of
       shares of common stock covered by the demand.
If no number of shares of
       common stock is expressly mentioned, the demand will be presumed to cover
       all shares of common stock standing in the name of the record holder.

  
Court Petition Must Be Filed

     Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation in the merger or any stockholder who has satisfied the foregoing
conditions may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the fair value of the Siliconix common stock.
Stockholders
seeking to exercise appraisal rights should initiate all necessary action to
perfect its rights within the time periods prescribed by Delaware law.

  
Appraisal Proceeding by Delaware Court

     If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed, after a hearing on the
petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will determine which of the
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights.
The court will appraise the
common stock owned by the stockholders and determine its fair value.
In
determining fair value, the court may consider a number of factors including
market values of Siliconix's stock, asset values and other generally accepted
valuation considerations, but will exclude any element of value arising from the
accomplishment and expectation of the merger.
The court will also determine the
amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the value of the common stock to the
stockholders entitled to appraisal.

     
The value determined by the court for Siliconix common stock could be more
than, less than, or the same as the merger consideration, but the form of the
consideration payable as a result of the appraisal proceeding would be cash.
The
court may also order that all or a portion of any stockholder's expenses
incurred in connection with an appraisal proceeding, including reasonable
attorney's fees and expenses and reasonable fees and expenses of experts
utilized in the appraisal proceeding, be charged against the value of all common
stock entitled to appraisal.

  
Effect of Appraisal Demand on Voting and Right to Dividends

     Any stockholder who has duly demanded an appraisal in compliance with
Delaware law will not, after the effective time of the merger, be entitled to
vote the shares subject to the demand for any purpose.
The shares subject to the
demand will not be entitled to dividends or other distributions, other than
those payable or deemed to be payable to stockholders of record as of a date
prior to the effective time.

  
Loss, Waiver or Withdrawal of Appraisal Rights

     Holders of Siliconix common stock lose the right to appraisal if no
petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after the effective time of the
merger.
A stockholder will also lose the right to an appraisal by delivering to
the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's demand for
an appraisal.
In addition, any attempt to withdraw that is made more than 60
days after the effective time requires the written approval of the surviving
corporation.
If appraisal rights are not perfected or a demand for appraisal
rights is timely withdrawn, a stockholder will be entitled to receive the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to the merger, without interest.
The
number of shares of Vishay common stock, and cash in lieu of a fraction of a
share of Vishay common stock, delivered to such stockholder will be based on the
same exchange ratio utilized in the offer and the merger, regardless of the
market price of Vishay shares at the time of delivery.

  
Dismissal of Appraisal Proceeding

     If an appraisal proceeding is timely instituted, such proceeding may not be
dismissed as to any stockholder who has perfected a right of appraisal without
the approval of the court.


CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     The offer is subject to a number of conditions, which are described below:

  Minimum Condition

     There must be validly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the
expiration of the offer a number of Siliconix shares which constitutes at least
a majority of the total number of outstanding Siliconix shares of common stock
(excluding those shares held by Vishay or its subsidiaries) on a fully diluted
basis as of the date that we accept the Siliconix shares pursuant to the offer.

Based on information available to Vishay, the number of Siliconix shares needed
to satisfy the minimum condition as of the date of this document is 2,928,147.

  
Registration Statement Effectiveness Condition

     The registration statement on Form S-4 of which this prospectus is a part
must have become effective under the Securities Act and not be the subject of
any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order.

  
Listing Condition

     The Vishay common stock issuable in the offer must have been approved for
listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance.

  
Other Conditions of the Offer

     The offer is also subject to the conditions that, at the time of the
expiration date of the offer, none of the following shall have occurred and be
continuing which, in our good faith judgment, regardless of the circumstances,
makes it inadvisable to proceed with the offer:

          1.
there shall be in effect an injunction, order, decree, judgment or
     ruling by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or a statute,
     rule, regulation or order shall have been promulgated or shall have been
     enacted by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction which in any
     such case (i) restrains or prohibits the making or consummation of the
     offer or the consummation of the merger, (ii) prohibits or restricts our or
     any of our subsidiaries' or affiliates' ownership or operation of any
     portion of Siliconix's business or assets, or which would substantially
     deprive us and/or our affiliates or subsidiaries of the benefit of
     ownership of Siliconix's business or assets, or compels us (or any of our
     affiliates or subsidiaries) to dispose of or hold separate any portion of
     Siliconix's business or assets or which would substantially deprive us
     and/or our affiliates or subsidiaries of the benefit of ownership of
     Siliconix's business or assets, (iii) imposes material limitations on our
     ability to acquire, hold or exercise full rights of ownership of the
     Siliconix shares, including, the right to vote Siliconix shares, or (iv)
     imposes any material limitations on our ability and/or our affiliate's or
     subsidiaries' ability to control in any material respect the business and
     operations of Siliconix; or

          2.
there shall have been instituted, pending or threatened any
     litigation or other legal action by or before any court or other
     governmental authority seeking to restrain or prohibit the making or
     consummation of the offer or the consummation of the merger or to impose
     any other restriction, prohibition or limitation referred to in the above
     paragraph 1 or to impose any liability on Vishay, Siliconix or their
     affiliates in respect thereof; or

          3.
there shall have occurred (i) any general suspension of, or
     limitation on prices for, trading in the Siliconix common stock on Nasdaq
     or the trading of the Vishay common stock on the NYSE, (ii) a declaration
     of a banking moratorium or any general suspension of payments in respect of
     banks in the United States or (iii) in the case of any of the foregoing
     existing at the time of the commencement of our offer, a material
     acceleration or worsening thereof; or

          4.
The tax opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP to the
     effect that the offer and merger will be treated as a tax free
     reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes filed as an exhibit to
     the registration statement shall be withdrawn; or

          5.
any change, development, effect or circumstance shall have occurred
     or be threatened that would reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect on Siliconix; or

          6.
Siliconix shall have filed for bankruptcy or another person shall
     have filed a bankruptcy petition against Siliconix which is not dismissed
     within two business days;

     The conditions to the offer are for our sole benefit and may be waived by
us, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, in our sole
discretion, other than the minimum condition, the registration statement
effectiveness condition or the listing condition described above.
Our failure to
exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any right
and each right shall be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any
time and from time to time.


CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS AND REGULATORY APPROVALS

     General.
Except as set forth herein, we are not aware of any license or
regulatory permit that appear to be material to the business of Siliconix and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that might be materially adversely affected
by our acquisition of Siliconix shares, or of any filing approval or other
action by or with any governmental entity or administrative or regulatory agency
that would be required for our acquisition or ownership of Siliconix shares.

Should any such approval or other action be required, we presently contemplate
that such approval or other action will be sought.
While, except as otherwise
described in this prospectus, we do not presently intend to delay the acceptance
for payment of, or payment for, shares tendered pursuant to the offer pending
the outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such approval
or other action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without
substantial conditions or that failure to obtain any such approval or other
action might not result in consequences adverse to Siliconix's business or that
certain parts of Siliconix's business might not have to be disposed of, or other
substantial conditions complied with, in the event that such approvals were not
obtained or such other actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such
approval or other action.
We intend to make all required filings under the
Exchange Act.

     
State Takeover Laws.
A number of states have adopted takeover laws and
regulations which purport, to varying degrees, to be applicable to attempts to
acquire securities of corporations which are incorporated in such states or
which have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or
principal places of business therein.
We have not attempted to comply with any
state takeover statutes in connection with the offer.
We reserve the right to
challenge the validity or applicability of any state law allegedly applicable to
the offer, and nothing in this prospectus nor any action taken in connection
herewith is intended as a waiver of that right.
In the event that it is asserted
that one or more takeover statutes apply to the offer, and it is not determined
by an appropriate court that such statute or statutes do not apply or are
invalid as applied to the offer, as applicable, we may be required to file
certain documents with, or receive approvals from, the relevant state
authorities, and we might be unable to accept for payment or purchase shares
tendered pursuant to the offer or be delayed in continuing or consummating the
offer.
In such case, we may not be obligated to accept for purchase, or pay for,
any shares tendered.
See "Other Conditions of the Offer" above.

     
Siliconix is incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware.
In
general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an "interested stockholder" (including
a person who owns or has the right to acquire 15% or more of a corporation's
outstanding voting stock) from engaging in a "business combination" (defined to
include mergers and certain other actions) with a Delaware corporation for a
period of three years following the time such person becomes an interested
stockholder unless, among other exceptions, the "business combination" is
approved by the board of directors of such corporation prior to such time.

Vishay has held its interest in Siliconix for more than three years, so that
Section 203 of the DGCL should not apply to this offer or the merger.

     
Non-U.S. Approvals.
We are unaware of any requirement for the filing of
information with, or the obtaining of the approval or consent of, governmental
authorities in any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is applicable to the offer or the
merger.


CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE OFFER

     Effects on the Market.
We intend to cause the delisting of the Siliconix
shares from Nasdaq following consummation of the offer and the short-form
merger.
See "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Appraisal Rights" for a
discussion of the possibility that the Siliconix common stock could be delisted
from Nasdaq if the offer is consummated but the merger is not effected.

     
Exchange Act Registration.
The shares of Siliconix common stock are
currently registered under the Exchange Act.
If the offer and the merger are
consummated, we will terminate registration of the Siliconix shares under the
Exchange Act.
See "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Appraisal Rights" for a
discussion of the possibility that the Siliconix common stock could be
deregistered under the Exchange Act if the offer is consummated but the merger
is not effected.

     
Financing of the Offer.
The securities required to consummate the offer
come from Vishay's authorized but unissued shares.
Vishay's fees and expenses in
connection with the offer are estimated to be approximately $300,000, including
the SEC filing fee and the fees of the information agent, the exchange agent,
the financial printer, counsel auditors, and other professionals.
We will obtain
all of such funds from Vishay's available capital resources.

     
Going Private Transactions.
The SEC has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the
Exchange Act which is applicable to certain "going private" transactions and
which may under certain circumstances be applicable to the purchase of Siliconix
shares pursuant to an offer in which Vishay seeks to acquire the remaining
shares not held by Vishay or its subsidiaries.
Rule 13e-3 requires, among other
things, that certain financial information concerning the target and certain
information relating to the fairness of the proposed transaction and the
consideration offered to minority stockholders in such transaction be filed with
the SEC and disclosed to stockholders prior to consummation of the transaction.

We believe that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the offer and the merger
pursuant to Rule 13e-3(g)(2) under the Exchange Act, because the stockholders of
Siliconix will be receiving common stock of Vishay that is registered under the
Exchange Act and listed on the NYSE.

     
Plans for Siliconix.
Siliconix's products are currently marketed through
Vishay's worldwide distribution system.
Following the consummation of the offer
and the merger, we expect to initiate a review of Siliconix and its assets,
corporate structure, capitalization, operations, properties, policies,
management and personnel.
As a result of this review, we may determine to make
changes in the business of Siliconix to better organize, integrate and
coordinate the activities of Siliconix and Vishay.
We may in the future also
consider transactions such as the disposition or acquisition of material assets,
alliances, joint ventures, other forms of co-operation with third parties or
other extraordinary transactions affecting Siliconix or its operations.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH SILICONIX

     
In considering whether to tender your shares in the offer, you should be
aware of certain transactions between Vishay and Siliconix since the end of 1997
in addition to those referred to above in "Background of the Offer.
"

     At December 31, 1997, Siliconix owed $34,570,000 to Daimler-Benz Capital,
Inc., then an affiliated company.
After the acquisition of approximately 80.4%
of Siliconix's outstanding common stock by Vishay in March 1998, this
indebtedness was assigned to Vishay.
It bore interest at a floating rate equal
to Vishay's cost of funds, approximately 6.25% per annum, and was paid in full
in 1999.

     
Effective May 1998, Siliconix signed a revolving intercompany promissory
note payable to Vishay establishing a $35,000,000 revolving credit facility.

Under the note, Siliconix may borrow up to $35,000,000 from time to time from
Vishay for general corporate purposes.
Amounts borrowed bore interest at a
floating rate equal to Vishay's cost of funds, approximately 6.25% per annum.

The maximum amount outstanding under this note was $14,300,000, which amount was
paid in full in 1999.
There is currently no amount outstanding under the note.

     
Effective May 1998, Siliconix borrowed $16,000,000 from Vishay.
The purpose
of this loan was to enable Siliconix Technology C.V., an affiliated limited
partnership, to purchase 40% of the outstanding equity interest in Shanghai
Simconix Co. Ltd. from the Shanghai Institute of Metallurgy.
Shanghai Simconix
is a joint venture between Siliconix and the Shanghai Institute of Metallurgy
that performs assembly and test services for Siliconix in Shanghai, China.
This
indebtedness bore interest at a floating rate equal to Vishay's cost of funds,
approximately 6.25% per annum.
This indebtedness was paid in full in 1999.

     
Effective December 1999, Vishay signed a revolving intercompany promissory
note payable to Siliconix establishing a $75,000,000 revolving credit facility.

Under the note, Vishay may borrow up to $75,000,000 from time to time from
Siliconix for general corporate purposes.
Amounts borrowed bear interest at a
floating rate equal to Siliconix's cost of funds, currently 7.5% per annum.
We
believe that this

is a higher rate of return for Siliconix than Siliconix could obtain from most
traditional short-term investments.
The maximum amount outstanding under this
note was $37,000,000, which was paid in full in 2000.

     
Except as set forth in this prospectus, neither we nor, to the best of our
knowledge, any of our directors, executive officers or other affiliates (a) has
any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other person
with respect to any securities of Siliconix, including, but not limited to, any
contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or
the voting of any securities of Siliconix, joint ventures, loan or option
arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties against loss, or
the giving or withholding of proxies, (b) has engaged in contacts, negotiations
or transactions with Siliconix or its affiliates concerning a merger,
consolidation, acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities,
election of directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets
or (c) has had any other transaction with Siliconix or any of its executive
officers, directors or affiliates that would require disclosure under the rules
and regulations of the SEC applicable to the offer.
Except for the shares of
Siliconix common stock that we own as disclosed in this prospectus, neither we
nor any of our affiliates beneficially own any Siliconix shares or have effected
any transaction in the shares within the past 60 days.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     The merger will be accounted for at historical costs, with the exception of
the Siliconix minority interest which will be accounted for under the purchase
method of accounting in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles.
Accordingly, the cost to acquire the Siliconix minority
interest in excess of its carrying value will be allocated on a pro rata basis
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values, with
any excess being allocated to goodwill and amortized over its estimated useful
life.
A final determination of the intangible asset lives and required purchase
accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the purchase price to the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values,
has not yet been made.

     
The acquisition of the Siliconix common stock would not be considered
material to Vishay and, accordingly, Vishay is not required to include pro forma
financial information in this prospectus.


FEES AND EXPENSES

     We have retained Mackenzie Partners, Inc. as information agent in
connection with the offer.
The information agent may contact holders of
Siliconix shares by mail, telephone, telex, telegraph and personal interview and
may request brokers, dealers and other nominee stockholders to forward material
relating to the offer to beneficial owners of Siliconix shares.
We will pay the
information agent customary fees for these services in addition to reimbursing
the information agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
We have agreed
to indemnify the information agent against certain liabilities and expenses in
connection with the offer, including certain liabilities under the U.S. federal
securities laws.

     
In addition, we have retained American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as
the exchange agent.
We will pay the exchange agent reasonable and customary fees
for its services in connection with the offer, will reimburse the exchange agent
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will indemnify the exchange agent
against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under
the U.S. federal securities laws.

     
Except as set forth above, we will not pay any fees or commissions to any
broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of Siliconix shares
pursuant to the offer.
We will reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and
trust companies and other nominees, upon request, for customary clerical and
mailing expenses incurred by them in forwarding offering materials to their
customers.

                          
INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS

     
In considering whether to tender your shares in the offer, you should be
aware of interests of certain persons as described below in connection with the
offer and the merger.


RELATIONSHIPS OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF SILICONIX WITH VISHAY

     Each of Mr. Everett Arndt, Ms. Lori Lipcaman and Mr. Glyndwr Smith,
directors of Siliconix, are management employees of Vishay and Michael
Rosenberg, also a director of Siliconix, has been an independent consultant to
Vishay since 1992.

     
Until 1999, Mr. Mark Segall, a director of Siliconix and member of the
special committee, was a partner with the law firm of Kramer Levin Naftalis &
Frankel LLP during which time he represented Vishay as its corporate counsel and
represented Vishay in the transaction in which it first acquired its interest in
Siliconix.
In addition, Mr. Segall was listed as Vishay's representative,
attorney or required recipient of any notice on various of Vishay's SEC filings
and corporate documents.

     
Mr. Timothy V. Talbert, a director of Siliconix and member of the special
committee, was employed by Manufacturers Bank during the mid-1980s.
During his
tenure with the bank, Mr. Talbert provided many banking services to Vishay and
served as relationship manager for Vishay.
Also while with the bank, Mr. Talbert
helped arrange financing for one of Vishay's acquisitions and worked personally
with Dr. Felix Zandman, the chief executive officer of Vishay, in connection
with such acquisition.
Mr. Talbert and his wife has held 2,014 shares of Vishay
stock in individual retirement accounts for over ten years.

     
Siliconix does not maintain a stock option plan or stock purchase plan of
its own.
Certain Siliconix executive officers have received options to purchase
Vishay common stock under Vishay's 1998 Stock Option Plan or other plans.
King
Owyang, the president and chief executive officer of Siliconix, owns options to
purchase 102,500 shares of Vishay common stock.

     
The cost savings and possible financial improvements resulting from a
combination of Siliconix and Vishay could benefit Siliconix's management, who
might receive increased compensation, and the directors of Siliconix affiliated
with Vishay, by virtue of the benefits of the transaction to Vishay.

           COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF SILICONIX COMMON STOCK
                       AND HOLDERS OF VISHAY COMMON STOCK

     Because Siliconix and Vishay are both organized under the laws of the State
of Delaware, the differences in the rights of a Siliconix stockholder and the
rights of a Vishay stockholder arise solely from differences in the
organizational documents of Siliconix and Vishay, rather than from differences
of law.
The following summary highlights material differences between the
current rights of holders of Vishay common stock and holders of Siliconix common
stock.
This summary does not purport to be a complete discussion of the
certificates of incorporation and by-laws of Siliconix and Vishay and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to these documents.
Copies of each
company's certificate of incorporation and by-laws have been filed with the SEC
and will be sent to holders of Siliconix common stock upon request.
See "Where
You Can Find More Information" on page 1.

                  SILICONIX                                       VISHAY
                  ---------                                       ------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Size of Board

The by-laws of Siliconix provide that the      The by-laws of Vishay provide that the number
number of directors shall be eight.            
of directors shall be not less than three nor
                                               more than fifteen, except that, where all the
                                               shares of stock of the corporation are owned
                                               beneficially and of record by less than three
                                               stockholders, the number of directors may be
                                               less than three but not less than the number
                                               of such stockholders.
Subject to the
                                               foregoing limitation, the number of directors
                                               may be fixed from time to time by action of
                                               the stockholders or of the directors, or, if
                                               the number is not fixed, the number shall be
                                               three.
The number of directors may be
                                               increased or decreased by action of the
                                               stockholders or the directors.
                                           
Quorum
The by-laws of Siliconix provide that, except  The by-laws of Vishay provide that a majority
as otherwise provided by applicable law, the   of the whole Board shall constitute a quorum
certificate of incorporation or the by-laws,   except when a vacancy or vacancies prevents
a majority of the directors shall constitute   such majority, whereupon a majority of the
a quorum.                                      
directors in office shall constitute a
                                               quorum, provided that such majority shall
                                               constitute at least one-third of the whole
                                               board.
                                    
Removal of Directors
The by-laws of Siliconix provide that, at a    The by-laws of Vishay provide that any or all
special meeting of stockholders, the board of  of the directors may be removed for cause or
directors or any individual director may be    without cause by the stockholders.
Directors
removed from office, with or without cause,    may be removed for cause by the board of
and a new director or directors elected by a   directors.

vote of stockholders holding a majority of
the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an
election of directors.

                  
SILICONIX                                       VISHAY
                  ---------                                       ------

                                 Filling of Board Vacancies
The by-laws of Siliconix provide that, except  The by-laws of Vishay provide that vacancies
as otherwise provided in the certificate of    may be filled by the vote of a majority of
incorporation, vacancies and newly created     the remaining directors then in office,
directorships resulting from any increase in   although less than a quorum, or by the sole
the authorized number of directors may be      remaining director.

filled by a majority of the directors then in
office, although less than a quorum, or by a
sole remaining director, and each director so
elected shall hold office for the unexpired
portion of the term of the director whose
place shall be vacant and until his successor
shall have been duly elected and qualified.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Calling a Special Meeting

The by-laws of Siliconix provide that special  The by-laws of Vishay provide that special
meetings of stockholders may be called, for    meetings of stockholders may be called by the
any purpose or purposes at any time, by the    directors or by any officer instructed by the
president, the board of directors or any       directors to call the meeting.

holder or holders of shares entitled to cast
no less than 10% of the votes at such
meeting.
                                    
Quorum Requirements

The by-laws of Siliconix provide that, except  The by-laws of Vishay provide that, except as
as otherwise provided by applicable law, the   otherwise provided by applicable law or the
certificate of incorporation or the by-laws,   by-laws, the holders of a majority of the
the presence, in person or by proxy, of the    outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote
holders of a majority of the outstanding       shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of
stock entitled to vote shall constitute a      stockholders.

quorum at all meetings of stockholders.
Any
shares, the voting of which at any meeting
has been enjoined, or which for any reason
cannot be voted at such meeting, shall not be
counted to determine a quorum at such
meeting.
                                
Certain Voting Requirements

The by-laws of Siliconix provide that, except  The by-laws of Vishay provide that in the
as otherwise provided by applicable law, the   election of directors, a plurality of votes
certificate of incorporation or the by-laws,   shall elect.
Any other action shall be
all action taken by a majority of the voting   authorized by a majority of the votes cast
power represented at any meeting at which a    except as otherwise provided by the
quorum is present shall be valid and binding   certificate of incorporation or applicable
upon the corporation.                          law.

                  
SILICONIX                                       VISHAY
                  ---------                                       
------

                           Stockholder Action by Written Consent
The by-laws of Siliconix provide that, unless  Under the certificate of incorporation and
otherwise provided in the certificate of       the by-laws of Vishay, any action required to
incorporation, any action required by statute  be taken, or any action which may be taken,
to be taken at any annual or special meeting   at any meeting of stockholders, may be taken
of the stockholders, or any action which may   without a meeting, without prior notice and
be taken at any annual or special meeting of   without a vote, if a consent in writing,
the stockholders, may be taken without a       setting forth the action so taken, shall be
meeting, without prior notice and without a    signed by the holders of the outstanding
vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth   stock having not less than the minimum number
the action so taken, shall be signed by the    of votes that would be necessary to authorize
holders of outstanding stock having not less   or take such action at a meeting at which all
than the minimum number of votes that would    shares entitled to vote thereon were present
be necessary to authorize or take such action  and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the
at a meeting at which all shares entitled to   corporate action without a meeting by less
vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt    than unanimous written consent shall be given
notice of the taking of the corporate action   to those stockholders who have not consented
without a meeting by less than unanimous       in writing.

written consent shall be given to those
stockholders who have not consented in
writing.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     AMENDMENTS TO ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                Certificate of Incorporation
The certificate of incorporation of Siliconix  The certificate of incorporation of Vishay
provides that the corporation reserves the     provides that any provisions therein may be
right to amend, alter, change or repeal any    amended, altered or repealed and any other
provision contained in the certificate of      provisions authorized under applicable law
incorporation, in the manner prescribed by     may be added or inserted as allowed by such
applicable law, and all rights conferred upon  law, and all rights conferred upon
stockholders by the certificate of             stockholders by the certificate of
incorporation are granted subject to that      incorporation are granted subject to such
reservation.                                   provision.
                                          
By-laws
The by-laws of Siliconix provide that such     The by-laws of Vishay provide that the power
by-laws may be repealed, altered or amended    to amend, alter and repeal such by-laws and
or new by-laws adopted by the stockholders.    
to adopt new by-laws shall be vested in the
The certificate of incorporation and by-laws   board of directors; provided, that the board
of Siliconix provide that the board of         of directors may delegate such power, in
directors shall also have the authority to     whole or in part, to the stockholders; and
repeal, alter or amend the by-laws, subject    provided, further, that any by-law, other
to the power of the stockholders to change or  than an initial by-law, which provides for
repeal the by-laws.                            
the election of directors by classes for
                                               staggered terms shall be adopted by the
                                               stockholders.

                  SILICONIX                                       VISHAY
                  ---------                                       ------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            CERTAIN ARRANGEMENTS WITH CREDITORS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The certificate of incorporation of Siliconix  The certificate of incorporation of Vishay
does not contain a comparable provision.       
provides that whenever a compromise or
                                               arrangement is proposed between Vishay and
                                               its creditors or any class of them and/or
                                               between Vishay and its stockholders or any
                                               class of them, any court of equitable
                                               jurisdiction within the State of Delaware
                                               may, on the application in a summary way of
                                               Vishay or of any creditor or stockholder
                                               thereof or on the application of any receiver
                                               or receivers appointed for Vishay under the
                                               provisions of Section 291 of the General
                                               Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or
                                               on the application of trustees in dissolution
                                               or of any receiver or receivers appointed for
                                               Vishay under the provisions of Section 279 of
                                               the General Corporation Law of the State of
                                               Delaware order a meeting of the creditors or
                                               class of creditors, and/or the stockholders
                                               or class of stockholders of Vishay, as the
                                               case may be, to be summoned in such manner as
                                               the said court directs.
If a majority in
                                               number representing three-fourths in value of
                                               the creditors or class of creditors, and/or
                                               of the stockholders or class of stockholders
                                               of Vishay, as the case may be, agree to any
                                               compromise or arrangement and to any
                                               reorganization of Vishay as a consequence of
                                               such compromise or arrangement, the said
                                               compromise or arrangement and the said
                                               reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the
                                               court to which the said application has been
                                               made, be binding on all the creditors or
                                               class of creditors, and/or on all the
                                               stockholders or class of stockholders, of
                                               Vishay, as the case may be, and also on
                                               Vishay.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       CAPITALIZATION
-
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Authorized Stock
The certificate of incorporation of Siliconix  The aggregate number of shares of capital
authorizes the issuance of 100,000,000 shares  stock which Vishay has authority to issue is
of common stock, par value $0.01.
At May 10,   171,000,000 shares: 150,000,000 shares of
2001, 29,879,040 shares of Siliconix common    common stock, par value $.10 per share, and
stock were outstanding.
Siliconix common       20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock,
stock is traded on the Nasdaq National         par value $.10 per share, and 1,000,000
Market.                                        
shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00
                                               per share.
No shares of preferred stock have
                                               been issued.
At May 10, 2001, there were
                                               122,396,709 shares of common stock and
                                               15,518,546 shares of Class B common stock
                                               outstanding.

                  
SILICONIX                                       VISHAY
                  ---------                                       
------

                                               After any required payment on shares of
                                               preferred stock, holders of common stock and
                                               Class B common stock are entitled to receive,
                                               and share ratably, on a per share basis, all
                                               dividends and other distributions declared by
                                               the board of directors of Vishay.
In the
                                               event of a stock dividend or stock split,
                                               holders of common stock will receive shares
                                               of common stock and holders of Class B common
                                               stock will receive shares of Class B common
                                               stock.
Neither the common stock nor the Class
                                               B common stock may be split, divided or
                                               combined unless the other is split, divided
                                               or combined equally.
                                               
Every holder of common stock are entitled to
                                               one vote for each share of common stock held,
                                               and every holder of Class B common stock are
                                               entitled to 10 votes for each share of Class
                                               B common stock held.
The common stock and the
                                               Class B common stock vote together as one
                                               class on all matters subject to stockholder
                                               approval, except as set forth in the
                                               following sentence.
The approval of the
                                               holders of a majority of the outstanding
                                               shares of common stock and of Class B common
                                               stock, each voting separately as a class, is
                                               required to authorize issuances of additional
                                               shares of Class B common stock other than in
                                               connection with stock splits and stock
                                               dividends.
                                               
Shares of Class B common stock are
                                               convertible into shares of common stock on a
                                               one-to-one basis at any time at the option of
                                               the holder thereof.
The Class B common stock
                                               is not transferable except to the holder's
                                               spouse, certain of such holder's relatives,
                                               certain trusts established for the benefit of
                                               the holder, such holder's spouse or
                                               relatives, corporations and partnerships
                                               beneficially owned and controlled by the
                                               holder, such holder's spouse or relatives,
                                               charitable organizations and the holder's
                                               estate.
Upon any transfer made in violation
                                               of those restrictions, shares of Class B
                                               common stock will be automatically converted
                                               into shares of common stock on a one-for-one
                                               basis.
Shares of Class B common stock will
                                               also be deemed automatically converted into
                                               shares of common stock if the number of
                                               outstanding shares of Class B common stock
                                               falls below 300,000 shares (as adjusted for
                                               stock splits or stock dividends).
                                               
The common stock is listed on the New York
                                               Stock Exchange.
There is no public market for
                                               shares of Company's Class B common stock.
No
                                               shares of preferred stock are currently
                                               outstanding.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

     
The validity of the Vishay common stock to be delivered to Siliconix
stockholders in connection with the offer and the merger will be passed upon by
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP, counsel to Vishay.

     
Certain legal matters in connection with the federal income tax
consequences of the offer and the merger will be passed upon for Vishay by
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP.

                                    
EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
appearing in Vishay's Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31,
2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth
in their report thereon included therein and incorporated herein by reference.

Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in
reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in
accounting and auditing.

     
The consolidated financial statements of Siliconix incorporated appearing
in Siliconix's Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2000,
have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in
their report thereon included therein and incorporated herein by reference.
Such
consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in
reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in
accounting and auditing.

                                 
MISCELLANEOUS

     
The offer is being made solely by this prospectus and the related letter of
transmittal and is being made to holders of all outstanding Siliconix shares
(other than Vishay and its subsidiaries).
We are not aware of any jurisdiction
where the making of the offer is prohibited by any administrative or judicial
action pursuant to any valid state statute.
If we become aware of any valid
state statute prohibiting the making of the offer or the acceptance of shares
pursuant thereto, we will make a good faith effort to comply with any such state
statute.
If, after such good faith effort, we cannot comply with any such state
statute, the offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of) the holders of shares in such state.
In any jurisdiction where the
securities, blue sky or other laws require the offer to be made by a licensed
broker or dealer, the offer shall be deemed to be made on our behalf by one or
more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

     
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF VISHAY, VISHAY TEMIC OR SILICONIX NOT CONTAINED IN
THIS PROSPECTUS OR IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, AND IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

                                   
SCHEDULE I

                       CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE
                   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF VISHAY

     The following table sets forth the name, current business address, present
principal occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices
or employment for the past five years of each director and executive officer of
Vishay.
Unless otherwise indicated, positions held shown in the following table
are positions with Vishay.
Except as set forth below, each such person is a
citizen of the United States of America.
None of the listed persons, during the
past five years, has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations or similar misdemeanors) or was a party to a civil proceeding of a
judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as a result of which
such person was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining
future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state
securities laws or finding any violation of such laws.
Except as otherwise
noted, the current business address for each person listed below is c/o Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc., 63 Lincoln Highway, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355-2121.

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT,
  NAME AND POSITION HELD                    FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY AND ADDRESS
  ----------------------                  -------------------------------------------

Felix Zandman..............        
Dr. Zandman, a founder of Vishay, has been the Chief
Chairman of the Board,             Executive Officer and a Director of Vishay since its
Chief Executive Officer and        inception.
Dr. Zandman had been President of Vishay from
Director                           its inception until March 1998, when Dr. Gerald Paul was
                                   appointed President of Vishay.
Dr. Zandman has been
                                   Chairman of the Board since March 1989.

Avi D. Eden................        
Mr. Eden has been a Director and General Counsel of Vishay
Vice-Chairman of the Board,        since June 1988, and has been Vice Chairman of the Board
Executive Vice President,          and Executive Vice President of Vishay since August 1996.

General Counsel and
Director
Gerald Paul................        
Dr. Paul has served as a Director of Vishay since May 1993
President, Chief Operating         and has been Chief Operating Officer of Vishay since
Officer and Director               August 1996.
In March 1998, Dr. Paul was appointed
                                   President of Vishay.
He was President of Vishay Electronic
                                   Components, Europe from January 1994 to August 1996.
Dr.
                                   Paul has been Managing Director of Draloric Electronic
                                   GmbH, an affiliate of Vishay, since January 1991.
Dr. Paul
                                   has been employed by Draloric since February 1978.

Richard N. Grubb...........        
Mr. Grubb has been Executive Vice President of the Company
Executive Vice President,          since August 1996, and a Director, Treasurer and Chief
Treasurer, Chief Financial         Financial Officer of the Company since May 1994.
He was
Officer and Director               Vice President of the Company from May 1994 to August
                                   1996.
Mr. Grubb has been associated with the Company in
                                   various capacities since 1972.

Robert A. Freece...........        
Mr. Freece has been a Director of Vishay since 1972 and
Senior Vice President and          Senior Vice President since May 1994.
He was a Vice
Director                           President of Vishay from 1972 until 1994.

William J. Spires..........        
Mr. Spires has been a Vice President and Secretary of
Vice President and                 Vishay since 1981.
Mr. Spires has been Vice
Secretary                          President -- Industrial Relations since 1980 and has been
                                   employed by Vishay since 1970.

                                       
I-1

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT,
  NAME AND POSITION HELD                    FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY AND ADDRESS
  ----------------------                  -------------------------------------------

Eliyahu Hurvitz............        
Mr. Hurvitz has been President and Chief Executive Officer
Director                           of Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. for more than five
                                   years.
He has been a Director of Vishay since 1994.
Mr.
                                   Hurvitz's business address is c/o TEVA Pharmaceutical
                                   Industries, Ltd., 5 Basel Street, Box 3190, Petah Tiqua
                                   49131 Israel.

Edward B. Shils............        
Mr. Shils is a consultant.
He is a Director -- Wharton
Director                           Entrepreneurial Center and George W. Taylor Professor
                                   Emeritus of Entrepreneurial Studies, The Wharton School,
                                   University of Pennsylvania.
He has been a Director of
                                   Vishay since 1981.
Mr. Shils' business address is Suite
                                   2030 --
First Union Building, 123 South Broad Street,
                                   Philadelphia, PA 19109.

Ziv Shoshani...............        
Mr. Shoshani has been Executive Vice
Director                           President -- Specialty Products Division since 2000,
                                   including responsibility for oversight of the Measurements
                                   Group Division.
Prior to that, Mr. Shoshani served in
                                   various capacities including Senior Vice President
                                   Precision Resistors, Worldwide Foil Resistors Manager,
                                   Plant Manager -- Holon, Israel, and Quality Control
                                   Manager -- Holon.
Employed by the Company since 1995.
Mr.
                                   Shoshani was elected as a Director in May 2001.

Luella B. Slaner...........        
Ms. Slaner has been an investor for more than the past
Director                           five years.
She has been a Director of Vishay since 1989.
                                   
Ms. Slaner's address is 5 Barker Lane, Scarsdale, NY
                                   10583.

Mark I. Solomon............        
Mr. Solomon has been the chairman of CMS Companies for
Director                           more than the past five years.
He has been a Director of
                                   Vishay since 1993.
Mr. Solomon's business address is c/o
                                   CMS Companies, 1926 Arch Street, Philadelphia, PA
                                   19103-1484.

Jean-Claude Tine...........        
Mr. Tine has been an investor for more than the past five
                                   years.
He has been a Director of Vishay since 1988.
Mr.
                                   Tine's address is 6, Round Point des Champs Elysees, 75008
                                   Paris, France.

Marc Zandman...............        
Mr. Zandman has been Vice President Corporate Marketing
                                   since January 2001.
He was President, Vishay Israel
                                   Limited since 1998.
Prior to that, Mr. Zandman served in
                                   various capacities including Executive Vice President of
                                   Vishay Israel Limited from 1997 to 1998 and Vice President
                                   from 1996 to 1997.
He has been employed by the Company
                                   since 1984 and was elected a Director in May 2001.

Ruta Zandman...............        
Mrs. Zandman has been employed by Vishay as a Public
                                   Relations Associate in the Investor Relations Department
                                   since 1993.
She was elected a Director in May 2001.

                                       
I-2

                                  SCHEDULE II

                       CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE
   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION
                                 HOLDINGS CORP.

     
The following table sets forth the name, current business address, present
principal occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices
or employment for the past five years of each director and executive officer of
Vishay TEMIC.
Unless otherwise indicated, positions held shown in the following
table are positions with Vishay TEMIC.
Except as set forth below, each such
person is a citizen of the United States of America.
None of the listed persons,
during the past five years, has been convicted in a criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or was a party to a civil
proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as a
result of which such person was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final
order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to,
federal or state securities laws or finding any violation of such laws.
The
current business address for each person listed below is c/o Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc., 63 Lincoln Highway, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355-2121.

                                             PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT
       NAME AND POSITION HELD                     AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
       ----------------------                
------------------------------------------

Felix Zandman                                                   *
President and Director

Avi D. Eden                                                     *
Vice President and Director

Richard N. Grubb                                                *
Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Director

William J. Spires                                               *
Vice President and Secretary

William M. Clancy                            Mr. Clancy has been the Corporate
Assistant Secretary                          Controller of Vishay Intertechnology Inc.
                                             for more than the past five years.


* See Schedule I.

                                       II-1

                                    ANNEX A

        SECTION 262 OF GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

SEC.
262 APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

     
(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of
stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this
section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied
with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to sec.
228 of
this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the
words "depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof,
solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

     (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to sec. 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
sec. 251(g) of this title), sec. 252, sec. 254, sec. 257, sec.
258, sec. 263 or
sec.
264 of this title:

          (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section
     shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which
     stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed
     to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
     the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
     consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
     designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
     system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
     of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no
     appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the
     constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require
     for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation
     as provided in subsection (f) of sec.
251 of this title.

          
(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
     under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
     of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required
     by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
     sec.sec. 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for
     such stock anything except:

             a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
        such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

             b.
Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
        in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
        respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the
        merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities
        exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
        interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
        Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

             c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
        receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this
        paragraph; or

             d.
Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
        cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts
        described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this
        paragraph.

                                       A-1

          (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
     party to a merger effected under sec.
253 of this title is not owned by the
     parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall
     be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

     
(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation.
If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision,
the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and
(e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

     (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

          (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights
     are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a
     meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to
     the meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the
     record date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
     rights are available pursuant to subsections (b) or (c) hereof that
     appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the
     constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
     section.
Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of his shares
     shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the
     merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of his shares.
Such
     demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the
     identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to
     demand the appraisal of his shares.
A proxy or vote against the merger or
     consolidation shall not constitute such a demand.
A stockholder electing to
     take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein
     provided.
Within 10 days after the effective date of such merger or
     consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
     stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this
     subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
     consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become
     effective; or

          (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to sec.
228
     or sec.
253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either before the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten days
     thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of
     stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights
     of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights
     are available for any or all shares of such class or series of stock of
     such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of
     this section; provided that, if the notice is given on or after the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation, such notice shall be given
     by the surviving or resulting corporation to all such holders of any class
     or series of stock of a constituent corporation that are entitled to
     appraisal rights.
Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective
     date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders
     of the effective date of the merger or consolidation.
Any stockholder
     entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing
     of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting
     corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares.
Such demand will be
     sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
     stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
     appraisal of such holder's shares.
If such notice did not notify
     stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
     (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders
     of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
     entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
     consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send
     such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
     effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more
     than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice
     need only to be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal
     rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance
     with this subsection.
An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary
     or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either
     notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be
     prima facie evidence of the facts stated
                                       A-2

     therein.
For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive
     either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record
     date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is
     given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective date
     of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such effective
     date.
If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the
     effective date, the record date shall be the close of business on the next
     day preceding the day on which the notice is given.

     
(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has
complied with subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the value of the stock of all such stockholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw his demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation.
Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to
receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted
in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for
appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares.

Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after
his written request for such a statement is received by the surviving or
resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof, whichever is
later.

     
(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a
copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which
shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation.
If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list.
The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses
therein stated.
Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more publications at
least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as
the Court deems advisable.
The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the
surviving or resulting corporation.

     
(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights.
The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

     
(h)
After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining such fair value, the
Court shall take into account all relevant factors.
In determining the fair rate
of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of
interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would have had to pay to
borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding.
Upon application by the
surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate
in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery
or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior
to the final determination of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal.
Any
stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has
                                       A-3

submitted his certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that he is not entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

     
(i)
The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto.
Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court
may direct.
Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of
holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares
represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock.
The Court's decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

     
(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances.
Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

     
(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded his appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d)
of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to
receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except
dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date
which is prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided,
however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver
to the surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of his demand for
an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either within 60
days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in
subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of the
corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery
shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and
such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just.

     (l)
The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                       
A-4

                      
The Exchange Agent for the offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

           By Mail:                 By Overnight Delivery:            
By Hand Delivery:
        59 Maiden Lane                  59 Maiden Lane                  59 Maiden Lane
      New York, NY 10038              New York, NY 10038              New York, NY 10038

            Facsimile Transmission (for eligible institutions only):
                                 (718) 234-5001

                Confirm Receipt of Facsimile by Telephone Only:
                                 (718) 921-8100

     Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the information
agent at the address and telephone numbers listed below.
Additional copies of
this prospectus, the letter of transmittal and other tender offer materials may
be obtained from the information agent as set forth below, and will be furnished
promptly at our expense.
Facsimile copies of the letter of transmittal, properly
completed and duly executed, will be accepted.
The letter of transmittal,
certificates for shares and any other required documents should be sent or
delivered by each stockholder of Siliconix or the stockholder's broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to the exchange agent at one of
its addresses set forth above.
You may also contact your broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the
offer.

                    
The Information Agent for the offer is:

                        
[MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC. LOGO]
156 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10010
call collect at
212-929-5500
or call toll free at
800-322-2885

                PART II.
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

ITEM 20.
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a
corporation has the power to indemnify a director, officer, employee or agent of
the corporation and certain other persons serving at the request of the
corporation in related capacities against amounts paid and expenses incurred in
connection with an action or proceeding to which he is or is threatened to be
made a party by reason of such position, if such person shall have acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation, and, in any criminal proceeding, if such person
had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; provided that, in
the case of actions brought by or in the right of the corporation, no
indemnification shall be made with respect to any matter as to which such person
shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the
extent that the adjudicating court determines that such indemnification is
proper under the circumstances.

     
Vishay's certificate of incorporation provides that every person who is or
was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation shall be
indemnified by the corporation against all judgments, payments in settlement,
fines, penalties, and other reasonable costs and expenses resulting from any
action, proceeding, investigation or claim which is brought or threatened by or
in the right of Vishay or by anyone else by reason of such person being or
having been a director, officer, employee or agent of Vishay or any act or
omission of such person in such capacity.
Such indemnification shall be
available either if such person is wholly successful in defending such action or
if, in the judgment of a court or the Board of Directors or in the opinion of
independent legal counsel, such person acted in good faith in what he reasonably
believed to be in the best interests of the corporation and was not adjudged
liable to the corporation, and, in any criminal action, had no reasonable cause
to believe that his action was unlawful.
In the case of a derivative action,
such indemnification shall not be made other than in respect of a court approved
settlement or if, in the opinion of independent counsel, the person satisfied
the standard of conduct specified in the prior sentence, the action was without
substantial merit, the settlement was in the best interest of Vishay and the
payment is permissible under applicable law.
Directors may authorize the
advancement of reasonable costs and expenses in connection with any such action
to the extent permitted under Delaware law.

     
The Vishay certificate of incorporation further provides that no director
shall have any personal liability to Vishay or to its stockholders for any
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty, to the extent permitted under the
Delaware General Corporation Law.

     
Vishay maintains $55 million of insurance to reimburse the directors and
officers of Vishay and its subsidiaries, for charges and expenses incurred by
them for wrongful acts claimed against them by reason of their being or having
been directors or officers of Vishay or any of its subsidiaries.
Such insurance
specifically excludes reimbursement of any director or officer for any charge or
expense incurred in connection with various designated matters, including libel
or slander, illegally obtained personal profits, profits recovered by Vishay
pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and deliberate dishonesty.

     
The following documents are exhibits to the Registration Statement:

ITEM 21.
EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT
NUMBER                      DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------                     -----------------------

     5.1  Opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP regarding the
          validity of the Vishay common stock registered hereunder.
     
8.1  Tax Opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP.
    23.1  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors of
          Vishay.
    
23.2  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors of
          Siliconix.
    23.3  Consent of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP (contained in
          Exhibits 5.1 and 8.1).

                                       
II-1

EXHIBIT
NUMBER                      DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------                     -----------------------

    24.1  Power of Attorney (contained on the signature page hereto).
    
99.1  Letter of Transmittal.
    
99.2  Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
    99.3  Form of Letter from Vishay TEMIC to Brokers, Dealers,
          Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.
    
99.4  Form of Letter from Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
          Trust Companies and Other Nominees to Clients.
    
99.5  Form of Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
          Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.
    
99.6  Summary Advertisement as published in The Wall Street
          Journal on May 25, 2001.
    
99.7  Request from Vishay TEMIC for stockholder list of Siliconix
          incorporated.
    
99.8  Complaint titled Robert C. Dickenson v. Vishay
          Intertechnology Inc., Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition
          Holding Corp., Siliconix incorporated, King Owyang, Everett
          Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg and Glyndwr Smith,
          filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the
          State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
    
99.9  Complaint titled Moshe Miller v. King Owyang, Everett Arndt,
          Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall, Glyndwr
          Smith, Siliconix incorporated and Vishay Intertechnology,
          Inc., filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of
          the State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
    
99.10 Complaint titled Mathew Delaney v. Vishay Intertechnology,
          Inc., Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holding Corp.,
          Siliconix incorporated, King Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori
          Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg and Glyndwr Smith, filed on
          February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the State of
          Delaware, County of New Castle.
    
99.11 Complaint titled Steven Goldstein v. Siliconix incorporated,
          Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., Michael A. Rosenberg, Mark B.
          Segall, King Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman and
          Glyndwr Smith, filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery
          Court of the State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
    
99.12 Complaint titled Goldplate Investment Partners v. King
          Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg,
          Mark Segall, Glyndwr Smith, Siliconix incorporated and
          Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., filed on February 23, 2001 in
          the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware, County of New
          Castle.
    
99.13 Complaint titled Barry Feldman v. Michael Rosenberg, Mark B.
          Segall, King Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Glyndwr
          Smith, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Siliconix
          incorporated, filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery
          Court of the State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
    
99.14 Complaint titled Robert Mullin v. Vishay Intertechnology,
          Inc., Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holding Corp.,
          Siliconix Holding incorporated, King Owyang, Everett Arndt,
          Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg and Glyndwr Smith, filed on
          February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the State of
          Delaware, County of New Castle.
    
99.15 Complaint titled Mohammed Yassin V. King Owyang, Everett
          Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall,
          Glyndwr Smith, Siliconix incorporated and Vishay
          Intertechnology, Inc., filed on February 26, 2001 in the
          Chancery Court of the State of Delaware, County of New
          Castle.
    
99.16 Copy of complaint titled Griffin Portfolio Management Corp.
          v. Siliconix incorporated, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.,
          Michael Rosenberg, Mark B. Segall, King Owyang Ph.D.,
          Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman and Glyndwr Smith, filed on
          February 27, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the State of
          Delaware, County of New Castle.

                                       
II-2

EXHIBIT
NUMBER                      DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------                     -----------------------

    99.17 Complaint titled Jonathan Rex v. King Owyang, Everett Arndt,
          Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall, Glyndwr
          Smith, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., Felix Zandman, Avi
          Eden, Gerald Paul, Richard N. Grubb, Robert A. Freece,
          Eliyahu Hurvitz, Edward B. Shils, Luella B. Slaner, Mark I.
          Solomon, Jean-Claude-Tine and Does 1 through 100, Inclusive,
          filed on February 23, 2001 in the State Court of the State
          of California, County of Santa Clara.
    
99.18 Complaint filed Crandon Capital Partners v. King Owyang,
          Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark
          Segall, Glyndwr Smith, Siliconix incorporated and Vishay
          Intertechnology, Inc. and Does 1 through 100, Inclusive,
          filed on February 27, 2001 in the State Court of the State
          of California, County of Santa Clara.
    
99.19 Complaint titled Raymond L. Fitzgerald v. Vishay
          Intertechnology, Inc., Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, King
          Owyang, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall, Glyndwr Smith and
          Siliconix incorporated, filed on March 8, 2001 in the
          Chancery Court of the State of Delaware, County of New
          Castle.
    
99.20 Press release of Vishay announcing commencement of the
          offer, dated May 25, 2001.

ITEM 22.
UNDERTAKINGS

     The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:

          (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being
     made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

             (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the
        Securities Act;

             (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after
        the effective date of this registration statement (or most recent
        post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the
        aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
        in this registration statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
        increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total
        dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was
        registered) and any deviation from the maximum aggregate offering price
        may be reflected in the form of a prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant
        to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, if in the aggregate, the
        changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the
        maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of
        Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement; and

             (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan
        of distribution not previously disclosed in this registration statement
        or any material change to such information in this registration
        statement;

          (2) That, for the purposes of determining any liability under the
     Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a
     new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein and
     the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the
     initial bona fide offering thereof; and

          (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment
     any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
     termination of the offering.

     
The Registrant undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability
under the Securities Act, each filing of the Registrant's annual report pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each
filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of
the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration
statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the
securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     
The Registrant undertakes that prior to any public offering of the
securities registered hereunder through use of a prospectus which is a part of
this registration statement, by any person or party who is

                                       II-3

deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of Rule 145(c), such offering
prospectus will contain the information called for by the applicable
registration form with respect to reofferings by persons who may be deemed
underwriters, in addition to the information called for by the other items of
the applicable form.

     
The Registrant undertakes that every prospectus: (i) that is filed pursuant
to the paragraph immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to meet the
requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act and is used in connection
with an offering of securities subject to Rule 415, will be filed as a part of
an amendment to the registration statement and will not be used until such
amendment is effective, and that, for purposes of determining any liability
under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to
be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and
the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial
bona fide offering thereof.

     
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the
Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant
has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable.
In the event that a claim for indemnification against such
liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or
paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue.

     
The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to respond to requests for
information that is incorporated by reference into the prospectus pursuant to
Item 4, 10(b), 11 or 13 of this form, within one business day of receipt of such
request, and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or other
equally prompt means.
This includes information contained in documents filed
subsequent to the effective date of the registration statement through the date
of responding to the request.

     
The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to supply by means of a
post-effective amendment all information concerning a transaction, and the
company being acquired involved therein, that was not the subject of and
included in the registration statement when it became effective.

                                       
II-4

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant
certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-4 and has duly caused this registration
statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the City of Malvern, State of Pennsylvania, on the 25th day of
May, 2001.

                                          
VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                          By: /s/     FELIX ZANDMAN
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       Felix Zandman
                                            Director, Chairman of the Board and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes
and appoints Felix Zandman and Avi D. Eden, and each of them, his true and
lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign this registration statement (including all pre-effective and
post-effective amendments thereto and all registration statements filed pursuant
to Rule 426(b) which incorporate this registration statement by reference), and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
and about the premises, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons on May 25, 2001
in the capacities indicated below.

                  
SIGNATURE                                        TITLE
                  ---------                                        
-----

By:
/s/
FELIX ZANDMAN                               Director, Chairman of the Board and
    -----------------------------------------             Chief Executive Officer
    Felix Zandman                                      (Principal Executive Officer)


By: /s/
AVI D. EDEN                                Director, Vice-Chairman of the Board,
    -----------------------------------------            Executive Vice President
    Avi D. Eden                                             and General Counsel


By: /s/
GERALD PAUL                                       Director, President and
    -----------------------------------------             Chief Operating Officer
    Gerald Paul


By: /s/ RICHARD N. GRUBB                            Director, Executive Vice President,
    -----------------------------------------      Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
    Richard N. Grubb                           (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)


By: /s/
ROBERT A. FREECE                                       Director and
    -----------------------------------------              
Senior Vice President
    Robert A. Freece

                                       II-5

                  SIGNATURE                                        TITLE
                  ---------                                        
-----

By: /s/ ELIYAHU HURVITZ                                          Director
- ---------------------------------------------
    Eliyahu Hurvitz

By: /s/
EDWARD B. SHILS                                          Director
    -----------------------------------------
    Edward B. Shils

By: /s/
ZVI SHOSHANI                                             Director
    -----------------------------------------
    Zvi Shoshani

By: /s/
LUELLA B. SLANER                                         Director
    -----------------------------------------
    Luella B. Slaner

By: /s/
MARK I. SOLOMON                                          Director
    -----------------------------------------
    Mark I. Solomon

By: /s/ JEAN-CLAUDE TINE                                         Director
    -----------------------------------------
    Jean-Claude Tine


By: /s/ MARC ZANDMAN                                             Director
    -----------------------------------------
    Marc Zandman

By: /s/
RUTA ZANDMAN                                             Director
    -----------------------------------------
    
Ruta Zandman

                                       II-6

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT
NUMBER                     DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------                    -----------------------

    5.1  Opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP regarding the
         validity of the Vishay common stock registered hereunder
    8.1  Tax Opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP
   23.1  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors of Vishay
   23.2  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors of
         Siliconix
   23.3  Consent of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP (contained in
         Exhibits 5.1 and 8.1).
   
24.1  Power of Attorney (contained on the signature page hereto)
   99.1  Letter of Transmittal
   99.2  Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
   99.3  Form of Letter from Vishay TEMIC to Brokers, Dealers,
         Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees
   99.4  Form of Letter from Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
         Trust Companies and Other Nominees to Clients
   99.5  Form of Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
         Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9
   99.6  Summary Advertisement as published in The Wall Street
         Journal on May 25, 2001.
   99.7  Request from Vishay TEMIC for stockholder list of Siliconix
         incorporated
   99.8  Complaint titled Robert C. Dickenson v. Vishay
         Intertechnology Inc., Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition
         Holding Corp., Siliconix incorporated, King Owyang, Everett
         Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg and Glyndwr Smith,
         filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the
         State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
   
99.9  Complaint titled Moshe Miller v. King Owyang, Everett Arndt,
         Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall, Glyndwr
         Smith, Siliconix incorporated and Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc., filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of
         the State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
  
99.10  Complaint titled Mathew Delaney v. Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc., Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holding Corp.,
         Siliconix incorporated, King Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori
         Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg and Glyndwr Smith, filed on
         February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the State of
         Delaware, County of New Castle.
  
99.11  Complaint titled Steven Goldstein v. Siliconix incorporated,
         Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., Michael A. Rosenberg, Mark B.
         Segall, King Owyang Ph.D., Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman and
         Glyndwr Smith, filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery
         Court of the State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
  
99.12  Complaint titled Goldplate Investment Partners v. King
         Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg,
         Mark Segall, Glyndwr Smith, Siliconix incorporated and
         Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., filed on February 23, 2001 in
         the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware, County of New
         Castle.
  
99.13  Complaint titled Barry Feldman v. Michael Rosenberg, Mark B.
         Segall, King Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Glyndwr
         Smith, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Siliconix
         incorporated, filed on February 23, 2001 in the Chancery
         Court of the State of Delaware, County of New Castle.
  
99.14  Complaint titled Robert Mullin v. Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc., Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holding Corp.,
         Siliconix incorporated, King Owyang, Everett Arndt, Lori
         Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg and Glyndwr Smith, filed on
         February 23, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the State of
         Delaware, County of New Castle.
  
99.15  Complaint titled Mohammed Yassin V. King Owyang, Everett
         Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall,
         Glyndwr Smith, Siliconix incorporated and Vishay
         Intertechnology, Inc., filed on February 26, 2001 in the
         Chancery Court of the State of Delaware, County of New
         Castle.


EXHIBIT
NUMBER                     DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------                    -----------------------

  99.16  Copy of complaint titled Griffin Portfolio Management Corp.
         v. Siliconix incorporated, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.,
         Michael Rosenberg, Mark B. Segall, King Owyang Ph.D.,
         Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman and Glyndwr Smith, filed on
         February 27, 2001 in the Chancery Court of the State of
         Delaware, County of New Castle.
  
99.17  Complaint titled Jonathan Rex v. King Owyang, Everett Arndt,
         Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall, Glyndwr
         Smith, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., Felix Zandman, Avi
         Eden, Gerald Paul, Richard N. Grubb, Robert A. Freece,
         Eliyahu Hurvitz, Edward B. Shils, Luella B. Slaner, Mark I.
         Solomon, Jean-Claude-Tine and Does 1 through 100, Inclusive,
         filed on February 23, 2001 in the State Court of the State
         of California, County of Santa Clara.
  
99.18  Complaint filed Crandon Capital Partners v. King Owyang,
         Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, Michael Rosenberg, Mark
         Segall, Glyndwr Smith, Siliconix incorporated and Vishay
         Intertechnology, Inc. and Does 1 through 100, Inclusive,
         filed on February 27, 2001 in the State Court of the State
         of California, County of Santa Clara.
  
99.19  Complaint titled Raymond L. Fitzgerald v. Vishay
         Intertechnology, Inc., Everett Arndt, Lori Lipcaman, King
         Owyang, Michael Rosenberg, Mark Segall, Glyndwr Smith and
         Siliconix incorporated, filed on March 8, 2001 in the
         Chancery Court of the State of Delaware, County of New
         Castle.
  
99.20  Press release of Vishay announcing commencement of the
         offer, dated May 25, 2001.


EX-5.1

y49542ex5-1.txt

OPINION RE VALIDITY

                                                                     EXHIBIT 5.1

                       KRAMER LEVIN NAFTALIS & FRANKEL LLP

                                919 THIRD AVENUE

                           NEW YORK, N.Y. 10022 - 3852

                                  May 25, 2001

                                                              47, Avenue Hoche
                                                                 75008 Paris
TEL (212) 715-9100                                                 France
FAX (212) 715-8000

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
63 Lincoln Highway
Malvern, PA  19355

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         We have acted as counsel to Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the Registration Statement on
Form S-4 (the "Registration Statement") filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Act"), relating to the issuance by the Company of up to 8,784,438 shares
of common stock, par value $0.10 per share in connection with the offering
described in the Registration Statement (the "Shares").
The Company will offer,
through Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holdings Corp., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, to exchange (the "Exchange Offer") the Shares for all
of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Siliconix incorporated that the Company and its subsidiaries do not own(the
"Siliconix Common Shares").

         
We have examined the Registration Statement.
We also have examined the
originals, or duplicates or certified or conformed copies, of such records,
agreements, instruments and other documents and have made such other and further
investigations as we have deemed relevant and necessary in connection with the
opinions expressed herein.
As to questions of fact material to this opinion, we
have relied upon the certificates of public officials and of officers and
representatives of the Company.

         
In such examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures,
the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all
documents submitted to us as duplicates or certified or conformed copies, and
the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents.

         
Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and
limitations stated herein, we are of the opinion that (1) when the Board of
Directors of the Company has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize
and approve the issuance of the Shares and (2) upon delivery of the Siliconix
Common Shares in exchange for the Shares in accordance with the Exchange Offer,
the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

         
We are members of the Bar of the State of New York, and we do not
express any opinion herein concerning any law other than the Delaware General
Corporation Law (including the statutory provisions, all applicable provisions
of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting the
foregoing) and the federal law of the United States.

         
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1
to the Registration Statement and to the use of our name under the caption
"Legal Matters" in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

                                        
Very truly yours,

                                        Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP

EX-8.1

y49542ex8-1.txt

TAX OPINION

                                                                     EXHIBIT 8.1

                       KRAMER LEVIN NAFTALIS & FRANKEL LLP

                                919 THIRD AVENUE

                           NEW YORK, N.Y. 10022 - 3852

                                                              47, Avenue Hoche
                                                                 75008 Paris
TEL (212) 715-9100                                                 France
FAX (212) 715-8000

                                                                 May 25, 2001

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
63 Lincoln Highway
Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355-2121

Ladies and Gentlemen:

                  
We have acted as tax advisors to Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor
Acquisition Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Acquiror"), a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), in connection with the exchange offer (the "Offer") described in the
prospectus included on Form S-4 filed by Parent with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "Prospectus").
The Offer is an offer by Acquiror to exchange
common stock of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") for all of the issued and
outstanding shares of Siliconix Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the
"Company," and such shares, the "Company Common Stock"), other than Company
Common Stock held by Acquiror.
Following the Offer, Acquiror intends to
contribute all of its shares of Company Common Stock to a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), and merge Merger Sub with and into the
Company (the "Merger," and together with the Offer, the "Transaction").
All
capitalized terms, unless otherwise defined, have the meanings assigned to them
in the Prospectus.

                  
For purposes of the opinion set forth below, we have reviewed
and relied upon (i) the Prospectus, and (ii) such other documents, records, and
instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate in order to enable us to
render our opinion.
In rendering our opinion, we have assumed the absence of
material changes in facts or law between the date hereof and the consummation of
the Offer (the "Closing Time") and the closing of the Merger, if consummated
(the "Effective Time").
In addition, in rendering our opinion we have relied
upon certain written statements and representations made to us by the Parent and
Acquiror ("Certified Representations") dated the date hereof, and we have
assumed that such statements and representations will be complete and accurate
as of the Closing Time and as of the Effective Time.
In addition, we have relied
upon certain statements, representations and covenants contained in the
Prospectus, which we have neither investigated nor verified.
We have assumed
that all such statements and representations are true, correct, complete and not
breached, and that no

KRAMER LEVIN NAFTALIS & FRANKEL LLP

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
May 25, 2001
Page 2

actions that are inconsistent with such statements and representations will be
taken.
We have also assumed that all representations made in the Certified
Representations "to the best knowledge of" any persons will be true, correct,
and complete as if made without such qualification.

                  
In addition, we have assumed that (i) the Offer will be
conducted as described in the Prospectus (including satisfaction of all
covenants and conditions to the obligations of Parent and Acquiror without
amendment or waiver thereof in any respect prior to the consummation of the
Offer), (ii) the Merger, if consummated, will qualify as a statutory merger
under the laws of the State of Delaware; (iii) each of the Company, Parent and
Acquiror will comply with all reporting obligations with respect to the
Transaction required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Regulations"); and (iv) the documents and instruments referred to in the
Prospectus are valid and binding in accordance with their terms.
Any inaccuracy
in, or breach of, any of the aforementioned statements, representations, and
assumptions, could adversely affect our opinion.
No ruling has been (or will be)
sought from the Internal Revenue Service (the "Service") by the Company, Parent,
Acquiror or, we understand, any other party as to the United States federal
income tax consequences of any aspect of the Offer and Merger.
The opinion
expressed herein is not binding on the Service or any court, and there can be no
assurance that the Service or a court of competent jurisdiction will not
disagree with such opinion.

                  
In rendering our opinion, we have considered applicable
provisions of the Code, the Regulations, pertinent judicial authorities, rulings
of the Service and such other authorities as we considered relevant.
It should
be noted that such laws, Code, Regulations, judicial decisions and
administrative interpretations are subject to change at any time and, in some
circumstances with retroactive affect.
A material change in any of the
authorities upon which our opinion is based could adversely affect our opinion.

                  
Based upon and subject to the foregoing as well as the
limitations set forth below, it is our opinion, under presently applicable
United States federal income tax law, that the exchange of Company Common Stock
for Parent Common Stock in the Offer and, if consummated, the Merger will
constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
and that each of Acquiror, Parent and the Company will be a party to the
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.
In addition,
the statements contained in the section of the Prospectus entitled "THE OFFER --
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences" constitute our opinion as to the
material United States federal income tax consequences of the exchange of
Company Common Stock for Parent Common Stock in the Offer and Merger.

                  
No opinion is expressed as to any matter not specifically
addressed above.
Also, no opinion is expressed as to the tax consequences of any
of the transactions under any state, local or non-U.S. tax law.
Furthermore, our
opinion is based on current United States federal income tax law and
administrative interpretations, and we do not undertake to advise you as to any
changes after the date hereof in federal income tax law or administrative
interpretations that may affect our opinion unless we are specifically asked to
do so.


KRAMER LEVIN NAFTALIS & FRANKEL LLP

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
May 25, 2001
Page 3

                  We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit
to the aforementioned Prospectus and to the reference to this firm under the
caption "THE OFFER -- Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences" in the
Prospectus.
The giving of this consent, however, does not constitute an
admission that we are "experts" within the meaning of Section 11 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or within the category of persons whose
consent is required by Section 7 of such Act.

                  
This opinion is being delivered to you as contemplated by the
terms of the Offer and for the purpose of being included as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement of which the Prospectus is a part and, except as set
forth above, may not be circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to for any
other purpose without our written consent.

                                     
Very truly yours,

                                     Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP

EX-23.1

y49542ex23-1.txt

CONSENT OF ERNST AND YOUNG LLP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

               CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

     We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption "Experts" in the
Registration Statement (Form S-4) and related Prospectus of Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc. for the offer to exchange shares of Vishay common stock
for shares of Siliconix common stock and to the incorporation by reference
therein of our report dated February 5, 2001 (except for Note 17 as to which the
date is March 8, 2001), with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the
year ended December 31, 2000, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

/s/
Ernst & Young LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
May 24, 2001

EX-23.2

y49542ex23-2.txt

CONSENT OF ERNST AND YOUNG LLP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

               CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

     We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption "Experts" in the
Registration Statement (Form S-4) and related Prospectus of Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc. for the offer to exchange shares of Vishay common stock
for shares of Siliconix common stock and to the incorporation by reference
therein of our report dated January 19, 2001, with respect to the consolidated
financial statements of Siliconix incorporated included in its Annual Report
(Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.


/s/
Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
May 24, 2001

EX-99.1

y49542ex99-1.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                  TO TENDER OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                             SILICONIX iNCORPORATED

                                       TO

             VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP.

                                
IN EXCHANGE FOR
                         1.5 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF

                          VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
  NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                      
The Exchange Agent for the Offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

            By Mail:                    By Overnight Delivery:                By Hand Delivery:
    Reorganization Department
         59 Maiden Lane                Reorganization Department          Reorganization Department
       New York, NY 10038                   59 Maiden Lane                     59 Maiden Lane
                                          New York, NY 10038                 New York, NY 10038

            Facsimile Transmission (for eligible institutions only):

                                 (718)-234-5001

                Confirm Receipt of Facsimile by Telephone Only:

                                 (718) 921-8100

     DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET
FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN
AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE EXCHANGE AGENT.

YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WHERE INDICATED BELOW AND COMPLETE THE
SUBSTITUTE W-9 FORM PROVIDED BELOW.

     
THE INSTRUCTIONS CONTAINED WITHIN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

     
This Letter of Transmittal is furnished in connection with the offer of
Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holdings Corp. ("Vishay TEMIC"), a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology,
Inc. ("Vishay"), a Delaware corporation, to exchange 1.5 shares of Vishay common
stock, par value $0.10 ("Vishay Common Shares"), for each outstanding share of
common stock ("Common Stock"), par value $0.01 per share, of Siliconix
incorporated ("Siliconix"), a Delaware corporation, other than the shares of
Common Stock owned by Vishay or its subsidiaries (the "Siliconix Shares"), upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the prospectus, dated May 25, 2001,
(the "Prospectus," which, together with any amendments and supplements thereto
and this Letter of Transmittal, constitutes the "Offer").
This Letter of
Transmittal should be used by stockholders of Siliconix if certificates for
Siliconix Shares are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as
defined in Instruction 1 below) is utilized, if delivery of Siliconix Shares is
to be made by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the Exchange Agent
at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility" or "DTC")

pursuant to the procedures set forth under "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering
Shares" in the Prospectus.
Siliconix stockholders who deliver Siliconix Shares
by book-entry transfer are referred to herein as "Book-Entry Stockholders" and
Siliconix stockholders who deliver certificates for Siliconix Shares are
referred to herein as "Certificate Stockholders."

     Stockholders whose certificates for Siliconix Shares are not immediately
available or who cannot deliver their certificates and all other documents
required hereby to the Exchange Agent on or prior to the expiration date (as
described in the Prospectus), or who cannot comply with the book-entry transfer
procedures on a timely basis, may nevertheless tender their Siliconix Shares
according to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth under "The
Offer -- Guaranteed Delivery" in the Prospectus.
See Instruction 1. DELIVERY OF
DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO
THE EXCHANGE AGENT.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)
  (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S) APPEAR(S)                          SHARES TENDERED
                  ON SHARE CERTIFICATE(S))                              (ATTACH ADDITIONAL LIST IF NECESSARY)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                              SHARE CERTIFICATE
                                                                NUMBER(S)(1)          NUMBER OF         TOTAL NUMBER
                                                               (ATTACH SIGNED          SHARES             OF SHARES
                                                             LIST
IF NECESSARY)      REPRESENTED         TENDERED(2)
                                                               
------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                  OF SHARES
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (1) Need not be completed by Book-Entry Stockholders.
 
(2) Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Siliconix Shares represented by certificates delivered to
     the Exchange Agent are being tendered hereby.
See Instruction 4.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.
                 
PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS
                        LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY.


[ ]  CHECK HERE
IF SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO THE
     ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE EXCHANGE AGENT WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
     FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

     Name of Tendering Institution
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     DTC Participant Number
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Transaction Code Number
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ]  CHECK HERE
IF SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED
     DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE EXCHANGE AGENT AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

     Name(s) of Registered Holder(s):
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Window Ticket Number (if any) or DTC Participant Number:
    
---------------------------------------------------------

     Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
    -------------------------------------------------------------------

     Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby delivers to Vishay TEMIC the above-described shares
of Common Stock, pursuant to Vishay TEMIC's offer to exchange 1.5 Vishay Common
Shares for each outstanding Siliconix Share, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Prospectus and this Letter of Transmittal.

     
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer
is extended or amended, the terms of any such extension or amendment), subject
to, and effective upon, acceptance of the Siliconix Shares tendered herewith in
accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns
and transfers to Vishay TEMIC, all right, title and interest in and to all of
the Siliconix Shares that are being tendered hereby (and any and all other
Siliconix Shares or other securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or
after May 25, 2001 (collectively, "Distributions")) and irrevocably constitutes
and appoints the Exchange Agent the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact
of the undersigned with respect to such Siliconix Shares (and all
Distributions), with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being
deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to (i) deliver
certificates for such Siliconix Shares (and any and all Distributions), or
transfer ownership of such Siliconix Shares (and any and all Distributions) on
the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in
any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to,
or upon the order of Vishay TEMIC, (ii) present such Siliconix Shares (and any
and all Distributions) for transfer on the books of Siliconix, and (iii) receive
all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such
Siliconix Shares (and any and all Distributions), all in accordance with the
terms of the Offer.

     
By executing this Letter of Transmittal, the undersigned hereby irrevocably
appoints the designees of Vishay TEMIC, and each of them, as the
attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each with full power of
substitution and resubstitution, to vote at any annual or special meeting of
Siliconix's stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof or otherwise
in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his substitute shall
in his sole discretion deem proper, to execute any written consent concerning
any matter as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his substitute shall in
his sole discretion deem proper with respect to, and to otherwise act as each
such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his substitute shall in his sole discretion
deem proper with respect to, all of the Siliconix Shares (and any and all
Distributions) tendered hereby and accepted for exchange by Vishay TEMIC.
This
appointment will be effective if and when, and only to the extent that, Vishay
TEMIC accepts such Siliconix Shares for exchange pursuant to the Offer.
This
power of attorney and proxy are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of
the acceptance for exchange of such Siliconix Shares in accordance with the
terms of the Offer.
Such acceptance for exchange shall, without further action,
revoke any prior powers of attorney and proxies granted by the undersigned at
any time with respect to such Siliconix Shares (and any and all Distributions),
and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be
given by the undersigned with respect thereto (and, if given, will not be deemed
effective).
Vishay TEMIC reserves the right to require that, in order for
Siliconix Shares (or other Distributions) to be deemed validly tendered,
immediately upon Vishay TEMIC's acceptance for exchange of such Siliconix
Shares, Vishay TEMIC or its designee must be able to exercise full voting,
consent and other rights with respect to such Siliconix Shares (and any and all
Distributions), including voting at any meeting of Siliconix's stockholders.

     
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Siliconix
Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions, that the undersigned owns the
Siliconix Shares tendered hereby, and that when the same are accepted for
exchange by Vishay TEMIC, Vishay TEMIC will acquire good, marketable and
unencumbered title thereto and to all Distributions, free and clear of all
liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances and the same will not be subject
to any adverse claims.
The undersigned will, upon request, execute and deliver
any additional documents deemed by the Exchange Agent or Vishay TEMIC to be
necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the
Siliconix Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions.
In addition, the
undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Exchange Agent for the
account of Vishay TEMIC all Distributions in respect of the Siliconix Shares
tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and,
pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, Vishay
TEMIC shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such
Distribution and may choose not to exchange the Siliconix Shares tendered hereby
or may reduce from the total consideration due, the amount or value of such
Distribution as determined by Vishay TEMIC in its sole discretion.

     
The undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned has read and
agrees to all the terms and conditions of the Offer.
All authority herein
conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive the death or incapacity of the
undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding
upon the heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, trustees in
bankruptcy, successors and assigns of the undersigned.
Except as stated in the
Prospectus, this tender is irrevocable.

     
The undersigned understands that the valid tender of Siliconix Shares
pursuant to any one of the procedures described in the Prospectus under "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" and in the Instructions hereto will
constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and Vishay TEMIC upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is extended
or amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment).
The
undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set forth in the
Prospectus, Vishay TEMIC may not be required to accept for exchange any of the
Siliconix Shares tendered hereby.

     
The undersigned understands that no fraction of a Vishay Common Share will
be issued.
Instead, each tendering stockholder who would otherwise be entitled
to a fraction of a Vishay Common Share, after combining all fractional shares to
which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled, will receive cash in an
amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the fraction of a Vishay
Common Share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled by (ii) the closing
price of Vishay Common Shares as reported on the NYSE on the expiration date of
the Offer.

     
Unless otherwise indicated under "Special Issuance Instructions," please
issue the Vishay Common Shares, issue any check for cash in lieu of a fraction
of a Vishay Common Share and issue any certificates for Siliconix Shares not
tendered or not accepted for exchange (and any accompanying documents, as
appropriate), in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing above under
"Description of Shares Tendered."
Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under
"Special Delivery Instructions," please deliver documentation evidencing the
Vishay Common Shares, deliver any check for cash in lieu of a fraction of a
Vishay Common Share and return any certificates for Siliconix Shares not
tendered or not accepted for exchange (and any accompanying documents, as
appropriate) to the address of the registered holder(s) appearing above under
"Description of Shares Tendered."
In the event that the box entitled "Special
Issuance Instructions" and/or the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions"
are completed, please issue the Vishay Common Shares (and the documentation
evidencing same), any check for cash in lieu of a fraction of a Vishay Common
Share and any certificates for Siliconix Shares not tendered or not accepted for
exchange (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate), in the name of,
and/or deliver said documentation and check and return such certificates to, the
person or persons so indicated.
Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box
entitled "Special Issuance Instructions," please credit any Siliconix Shares
tendered herewith by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for exchange by
crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above.
The
undersigned recognizes that Vishay TEMIC has no obligation, pursuant to the
"Special Issuance Instructions," to transfer any Siliconix Shares from the name
of the registered holder thereof if Vishay TEMIC does not accept for exchange
any or all of the Siliconix Shares so tendered.


[ ] CHECK HERE
IF SPECIAL ISSUANCE INSTRUCTIONS APPLY

- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                 SPECIAL ISSUANCE INSTRUCTIONS
                (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

    To be completed ONLY (i) if the Vishay Common Shares
    delivered in the Offer, and any check for cash in lieu
    of a fraction of a Vishay Common Share, are to be issued
    in the name of someone other than the undersigned, (ii)
    if certificates for the Siliconix Shares not tendered or
    not accepted for exchange are to be issued in the name
    of someone other than the undersigned or (iii) if
    Siliconix shares tendered hereby and delivered by
    book-entry transfer that are not accepted for exchange
    are to be returned by credit to an account maintained at
    a Book-Entry Transfer Facility other than the account
    indicated above.
    
Name -------------------------------------------------
                         (PLEASE PRINT)
    Address -----------------------------------------------

    --------------------------------------------------------
    (ZIP CODE)
    Taxpayer Identification or
    Social Security Number ------------------------------
                              (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

    
Credit the shares tendered by book-entry transfer that
    are not accepted for exchange to DTC to the account set
    forth below:

    --------------------------------------------------------
                        (ACCOUNT NUMBER)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------

[ ] CHECK HERE
IF SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS APPLY

- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                 SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

    To be completed ONLY if (i) documentation evidencing
    Vishay Common Shares delivered in the Offer and any
    check for cash in lieu of a fraction of a Vishay Common
    Share and (ii) certificates for the Siliconix Shares not
    tendered or not accepted for exchange are to be sent to
    someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned
    at an address other than that shown under "Description
    of Shares Tendered.
"

    Name -------------------------------------------------
                         (PLEASE PRINT)
    
Address -----------------------------------------------

    --------------------------------------------------------
    (ZIP CODE)
    Taxpayer Identification or
    Social Security Number ------------------------------
                              (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

- ----------------------------------------------------------------

                       IMPORTANT: STOCKHOLDERS SIGN HERE
                  (PLEASE COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 BELOW)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         SIGNATURE(S) OF STOCKHOLDER(S)

Dated
- ---------------------------, 2001

Name(s)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Capacity (full title)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (SEE INSTRUCTION 5)


Address
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

Area Code and Telephone No.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Taxpayer Identification
or
Social Security Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

(Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on
Siliconix Share certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s)
authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents
transmitted herewith.
If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator,
guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a
fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title and see
Instruction 5.)

                           
GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)

Name of Firm ----------------------------------------       (IF REQUIRED; SEE INSTRUCTIONS 2 AND 5) FOR USE BY
                                                            ELIGIBLE INSTITUTIONS ONLY.
PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN
Address -----------------------------------------------     SPACE BELOW:
- --------------------------------------------------------
                   (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)


Authorized Signature
- ---------------------------------

Name(s)
- ----------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------

Area Code and
Telephone Number
- -----------------------------------

Dated
- ---------------------------, 2001

       INSTRUCTIONS FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1. DELIVERY OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND SHARES; GUARANTEED DELIVERY
PROCEDURES.  
This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders of
Siliconix either (i) if Siliconix Share certificates are to be forwarded to the
Exchange Agent or (ii) unless an Agent's Message is utilized, if delivery of
Siliconix Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer pursuant to the procedures
set forth herein and in the Prospectus under "The Offer -- Procedure for
Tendering Shares.
"

     For a stockholder to validly tender Siliconix Shares pursuant to the Offer,
either (a) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a
manually signed facsimile thereof), together with any required signature
guarantees or an Agent's Message (in connection with book-entry transfer) and
any other required documents, must be received by the Exchange Agent at one of
its addresses set forth herein prior to the expiration date and either (i)
certificates for tendered Siliconix Shares must be received by the Exchange
Agent at one of such addresses prior to the expiration date or (ii) Siliconix
Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer set
forth herein and in the Prospectus under "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering
Shares" and a book-entry confirmation must be received by the Exchange Agent
prior to the expiration date or (b) the tendering stockholder must comply with
the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth herein and in the Prospectus under
"The Offer -- Guaranteed Delivery.
"

     Stockholders whose certificates for Siliconix Shares are not immediately
available or who cannot deliver their certificates and all other required
documents to the Exchange Agent prior to the expiration date or who cannot
comply with the book-entry transfer procedures on a timely basis may tender
their Siliconix Shares by properly completing and duly executing the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth
herein and in the Prospectus under "The Offer -- Guaranteed Delivery.
"

     Pursuant to such guaranteed delivery procedures, (i) such tender must be
made by or through an Eligible Institution, (ii) a properly completed and duly
executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by
Vishay TEMIC, must be received by the Exchange Agent prior to the expiration
date and (iii) the certificates for all tendered Siliconix Shares, in proper
form for transfer (or a book-entry confirmation with respect to all tendered
Siliconix Shares), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter
of Transmittal (or a properly completed and manually signed facsimile thereof),
with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry
transfer, an Agent's Message, and any other required documents must be received
by the Exchange Agent within three (3) Nasdaq National Market trading days after
the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

     
The term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Exchange Agent and forming a part of
a book-entry confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Siliconix Shares, that such participant has
received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and
that Vishay TEMIC may enforce such agreement against the participant.

     
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THE SILICONIX SHARES, THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL,
THE CERTIFICATE(S) REPRESENTING SILICONIX SHARES AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED
DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT
THE OPTION AND SOLE RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER.
THE DELIVERY WILL BE
DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE EXCHANGE AGENT (INCLUDING, IN THE
CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION).
IF DELIVERY IS BY
MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS
RECOMMENDED.
IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY
DELIVERY.

     
No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted, and no
fractional Vishay Common Shares will be issued.
All tendering stockholders, by
executing this Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof),
waive any right to receive any notice of acceptance of their Siliconix Shares
for exchange.

     
2. GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURES.  
No signature guarantee is required on this
Letter of Transmittal (i) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) of Siliconix Shares (which term, for purposes of this
document, shall include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of Siliconix
Shares) tendered herewith, unless such holder(s) has completed either the box
entitled "Special Issuance Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions," or (ii) if such Siliconix Shares are

tendered for the account of a firm which is a bank, broker, dealer, credit
union, savings association or other entity which is a member in good standing of
a recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association
Inc., including the Securities Transfer Agent's Medallion Program (STAMP), the
Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP) and the New York Stock Exchange
Medallion Signature Program (MSP) or any other "eligible guarantor institution"
(as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) (each of the foregoing, an "Eligible Institution").
In all other cases,
all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution.
See Instruction 5 of this Letter of Transmittal.

     
3. INADEQUATE SPACE.  
If the space provided herein under "Description of
Shares Tendered" is inadequate, the number of Siliconix Shares tendered and the
share certificate numbers with respect to such Siliconix Shares should be listed
on a separate signed schedule attached hereto.

     
4. PARTIAL TENDERS (NOT APPLICABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS WHO TENDER BY BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER).  
If fewer than all the Siliconix Shares evidenced by any Siliconix
Share certificate delivered to the Exchange Agent herewith are to be tendered
hereby, fill in the number of Siliconix Shares that are to be tendered in the
box entitled "Total Number of Shares Tendered."
In any such case, new
certificate(s) for the remainder of the Siliconix Shares that were evidenced by
the old certificates will be sent to the registered holder, unless otherwise
provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as
practicable after the expiration date or the termination of the Offer.
All
Siliconix Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Exchange Agent
will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

     
5.
SIGNATURES ON LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL; STOCK POWERS AND ENDORSEMENTS.  
If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Siliconix Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the
name(s) as written on the face of the certificate(s) without alteration,
enlargement or any change whatsoever.

     
If any of the Siliconix Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or
more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     
If any of the tendered Siliconix Shares are registered in different names
on several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as
many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of
certificates.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal or any share certificate or stock power is
signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence
satisfactory to Vishay TEMIC of the authority of such person so to act must be
submitted.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Siliconix Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of share
certificates or separate stock powers are required unless payment or
certificates for Siliconix Shares not tendered or not accepted for exchange are
to be issued in the name of a person other than the registered holder(s).

Signatures on any such share certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by
an Eligible Institution.

     
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Siliconix Shares evidenced by certificates listed
and transmitted hereby, the share certificates must be endorsed or accompanied
by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the
registered holder(s) appear(s) on the share certificates.
Signature(s) on any
such share certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution.

     
6. STOCK TRANSFER TAXES.  
The amount of any required stock transfer taxes
(whether imposed on the registered holder(s) or any other person) due as a
result of exchange of shares in the Offer will be deducted from the overall
consideration unless evidence satisfactory to Vishay TEMIC of the payment of
such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is submitted.

     
7. SPECIAL ISSUANCE AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS.  
If the Vishay Common Shares
delivered in the Offer (or the documentation evidencing same), any check for
cash in lieu of a fraction of a Vishay Common Share and certificates for
Siliconix Shares not accepted for exchange or not tendered are to be issued in
the name of and/or delivered to a person other than the signer of this Letter of
Transmittal, or to an address other than that shown above, the appropriate boxes
on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed.
Any stockholder(s) delivering
Siliconix Shares by book-entry transfer may request that Siliconix Shares not
purchased be credited to such account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility as such stockholder(s) may designate in the box entitled "Special
Issuance Instructions."
If no such instructions are given, any such Siliconix
Shares not purchased will be returned by crediting the account at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility designated above as the account from which such Siliconix
Shares were delivered.

     
8.
REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE OR ADDITIONAL COPIES.  
Questions and requests
for assistance or additional copies of the Prospectus, this Letter of
Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may be
directed to the Information Agent at its address and phone number set forth
below, or from your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee.

     
9. WAIVER OF CONDITIONS.  
Vishay TEMIC reserves the absolute right in its
sole discretion to waive the conditions to the Offer and to make any change in
the terms or the conditions to the Offer, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

     
10.
SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.  
The tendering stockholder is required to provide
the Exchange Agent with a correct Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN"),
generally the stockholder's U.S. social security number, individual Taxpayer
Identification Number, or federal employer identification number, on the
Substitute Form W-9 which is provided below, and to certify whether the
stockholder is subject to backup withholding of United States federal income
tax.
If a tendering stockholder is subject to federal backup withholding, the
stockholder must cross out item (2) of the "Certification" box of the Substitute
Form W-9.
Failure to provide the information on the Substitute Form W-9 may
subject the tendering stockholder to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal
Revenue Service ("IRS") and a 31% federal backup withholding tax on the payment
of cash in lieu of fractional shares.
If the tendering stockholder has not been
issued a TIN and has applied for a number or intends to apply for a number in
the near future, the stockholder should write "Applied For" in the space
provided for the TIN in Part 1, check the box in Part III, and sign and date the
Substitute Form W-9.
If "Applied For" is written in Part I and the Exchange
Agent is not provided with a TIN, the Exchange Agent will retain 31% of all
reportable payments unless a TIN is provided within 60 days of the Exchange
Agent's receipt of the substitute Form W-9, if the TIN is not provided such
amounts shall be remitted to the IRS as backup withholding and 31% of all
reportable payments made thereafter will be withheld and remitted to the IRS
until a TIN is provided to the IRS.

     11.
LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN SHARE CERTIFICATES.  
If any certificate(s)
representing Siliconix Shares has been lost, destroyed or stolen, the
stockholder should promptly contact Siliconix for instruction on the steps that
must be taken in order to replace the share certificate(s).
This Letter of
Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures for
replacing lost, destroyed or stolen share certificates have been followed.

                                   
IMPORTANT:

     THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE HEREOF) TOGETHER
WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER, AN AGENT'S MESSAGE, AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED
BY THE EXCHANGE AGENT PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE AND EITHER CERTIFICATES FOR
TENDERED SILICONIX SHARES MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE EXCHANGE AGENT OR SILICONIX
SHARES MUST BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, IN
EACH CASE PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE, OR THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER MUST COMPLY
WITH THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY.

                           
IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

     Under United States federal income tax law, a stockholder whose tendered
Siliconix Shares are accepted for payment is required to provide the Exchange
Agent (as payer) with such stockholder's correct U.S. social security number,
individual taxpayer identification number, or federal employer identification
number (each, a Taxpayer

Identification Number or a "TIN") on Substitute Form W-9 provided below.
If such
stockholder is an individual, the TIN is such person's U.S. social security
number.
The TIN of a resident alien who does not have and is not eligible to
obtain a social security number is such person's IRS individual taxpayer
identification number.
If a tendering stockholder is subject to federal backup
withholding, the stockholder must cross out item (2) in Part II of the
Certification box on the Substitute Form W-9.
If the Exchange Agent is not
provided with the correct TIN, the stockholder may be subject to a $50 penalty
imposed by the IRS.
In addition, any payment of cash in lieu of fractional
shares that is made to such stockholder may be subject to federal backup
withholding.

     
Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
non-United States individuals) are not subject to federal backup withholding.
In
order for a non-United States individual to qualify as an exempt recipient, that
stockholder must submit to the Exchange Agent a properly completed IRS Form
W-8BEN, signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that individual's exempt
status.
Such forms may be obtained from the Exchange Agent.
Exempt stockholders,
other than non-United States individuals, should furnish their TIN, write
"EXEMPT" on the face of the Substitute Form W-9 below, and sign, date and return
the Substitute Form W-9 to the Exchange Agent.
See the enclosed Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for
additional instructions.

     
If federal backup withholding applies, the Exchange Agent is required to
withhold 31% of any payment of cash in lieu of a fractional share made to the
stockholder.
Federal backup withholding is not an additional tax.
Rather, the
tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the
amount of tax withheld.
If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a
refund may be obtained from the IRS.


PURPOSE OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

     To prevent federal backup withholding on any cash payment in lieu of a
fractional share that is made to a stockholder with respect to Siliconix Shares
acquired pursuant to the Offer, the stockholder is required to notify the
Exchange Agent of such stockholder's correct TIN by completing the Substitute
Form W-9 below certifying that the TIN provided on such form is correct (or that
such stockholder is awaiting a TIN) and that (i) such holder is exempt from
federal backup withholding, (ii) such holder has not been notified by the IRS
that such holder is subject to federal backup withholding as a result of a
failure to report all interest or dividends, or (iii) the IRS has notified such
holder that such holder is no longer subject to federal backup withholding (see
Part II of Substitute Form W-9).


WHAT NUMBER TO GIVE THE EXCHANGE AGENT

     
The stockholder is required to give the Exchange Agent the TIN of the
record owner of the Siliconix Shares.
If the Siliconix Shares are in more than
one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9 for additional guidelines on which number to report.
If the tendering
stockholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a number or intends to
apply for a number in the near future, such stockholder should write "Applied
For" in the space provided for in the TIN in Part I, check the box in Part III,
and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9.
If "Applied For" is written in Part
I, the Exchange Agent will retain 31% of cash paid in lieu of a fraction of a
Vishay Common Share.
If a TIN is provided within 60 days of the Exchange Agent's
receipt of the substitute Form W-9, then the Exchange Agent shall pay over such
retained amounts to the tendering stockholder.
If such TIN is not provided
within such 60 day period, then the Exchange Agent shall remit the cash to the
IRS.


- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NO. --
FOR ALL ACCOUNTS
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  SUBSTITUTE                           PART I: ENTER YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER IN THE     ---------------------------
  FORM W-9                             APPROPRIATE BOX
AT RIGHT                                       Social Security Number
  DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
  INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE                                                                                      OR
                                                                                                    ---------------------------
  PAYER'S REQUEST FOR                                                                                 Employer Identification
  TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION                                                                                     Number
  NUMBER ("TIN")
                                      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       For Payees exempt from backup withholding, see the enclosed Guidelines of Taxpayer
                                       Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 and complete as instructed under "Important
                                       Tax Information" above.
For most individuals and sole proprietors, this is your Social
                                       Security Number.
For other entities, it is your Employer Identification Number.
If you do
                                       not have a number, see "Obtaining a Number" in the enclosed guidelines.
Note: if the
                                       account is in more than one name, see the chart in the enclosed guidelines to determine
                                       what number to enter.
                                      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       PART II: CERTIFICATION.  
Under penalty of perjury, I                  PART III:
                                       certify that:                                                       Awaiting TIN
                                       (1) the number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer                 [ ]
                                           identification number (or I am waiting for a number to
                                           be issued to me);
                                       (2) I am not subject to backup withholding either because
                                           (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, (b) I have
                                           not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service
                                           ("IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a
                                           result of a failure to report all interest and
                                           dividends or (c) I have been notified by the IRS that
                                           I am no longer subject to backup withholding; and
                                       (3) any information provided on this form is true, correct
                                           and complete.
                                      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS.  
You must cross out item (2) in part II above if you have been
                                       notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of under-reporting
                                       interest or dividends on your tax return.
However, if after being notified by the IRS that
                                       you were subject to backup withholding you received another notification from the IRS
                                       stating that you are not longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out such item
                                       (2).
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Signature ------------------------------  
Date ------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING
      OF 31% OF ANY CASH PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.
PLEASE
      REVIEW ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
      NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

           
YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU CHECKED
                  THE BOX IN PART III OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.

     CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.  
I certify under
penalties of perjury that a Taxpayer Identification Number has not been issued
to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an application to receive a
taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service
Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or
deliver an application in the near future.
I understand that if I do not provide
a Taxpayer Identification Number within sixty (60) days, 31% of all reportable
payments made to me including 31% of cash in lieu of a fraction of a Vishay
Common Share retained by the Exchange Agent will be withheld and remitted to the
IRS until I provide a number.


Signature ------------------------------                       Date ------------

Name (Please Print)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Any questions or requests for assistance or additional copies of the
Prospectus, this Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer materials may be
directed to the Information Agent at the telephone number and location listed
below.
Holders of Siliconix Shares may also contact their broker, dealer,
commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the
offer.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                        
[MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC. LOGO]
156 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10010
Tel: (212) 929-5500 (call collect)
     (800) 322-2885 (toll free)

Fax: (212) 929-0308
     (212) 929-0061

EX-99.2

y49542ex99-2.txt

FORM OF NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                      FOR TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                             SILICONIX INCORPORATED

                                       TO

             VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR
ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP.,

                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                          VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                IN EXCHANGE FOR
                         1.5 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF
                          VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
                   (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES)

     
As set forth under "The Offer -- Guaranteed Delivery" in the Prospectus,
dated May 25, 2001 (the "Prospectus"), this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a
form substantially equivalent hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as
defined herein) if certificates representing shares of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share (the "Siliconix Shares"), of Siliconix incorporated, a Delaware
corporation, are not immediately available, if the procedure for book-entry
transfer cannot be completed prior to the expiration date (as described in the
Prospectus) or if time will not permit all required documents to reach American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the "Exchange Agent") prior to the expiration
date.
This form may be delivered by hand, transmitted by facsimile transmission
or mailed to the Exchange Agent as described in the Prospectus.

                      
The Exchange Agent for the Offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

             By Mail:                    By Overnight Delivery:               By Hand Delivery:
    Reorganization Department          Reorganization Department          Reorganization Department
          59 Maiden Lane                     59 Maiden Lane                     59 Maiden Lane
        New York, NY 10038                 New York, NY 10038                 New York, NY 10038

            Facsimile Transmission (for eligible institutions only):

                                 (718) 234-5001

                Confirm Receipt of Facsimile by Telephone Only:

                                 (718) 921-8100

     DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS
SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER
THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

     
THIS FORM IS NOT TO BE USED TO GUARANTEE SIGNATURES.
IF A SIGNATURE ON A
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED BY AN "ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION"
UNDER THE INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MUST APPEAR IN THE
APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN THE SIGNATURE BOX ON THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition
Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc., a Delaware corporation, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Prospectus and the related Letter of Transmittal,
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Siliconix Shares set
forth below, pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in the
Prospectus.


Dated:
- ------------------------------------

Signature(s) of Record Holder(s)
or Authorized Signatory:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name(s) of Record Holder(s):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Address(es):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Area Code and Telephone Number(s):
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Certificate Numbers (If Available):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Number of Shares Tendered:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Account Number(s):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If Siliconix Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer, please provide the
following information:

Name of Tendering Institution
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Depository Account Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transaction Code Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     THE GUARANTEE BELOW MUST BE COMPLETED

                    (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEE)

     
The undersigned, a financial institution that is a member in good standing
of a recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer
Association, Inc., including the Securities Transfer Agent's Medallion Program
(STAMP), the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP) and the New York Stock
Exchange Medallion Signature Program (MSP) or any other "eligible guarantor
institution" (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended) (each of the foregoing, an "Eligible Institution"), guarantees
to deliver to the Exchange Agent, at one of its addresses set forth above,
certificates representing the Siliconix Shares tendered hereby, in proper form
for transfer, or confirmation of book-entry transfer of such Siliconix Shares
into the Exchange Agent's accounts at The Depository Trust Company, in each case
with delivery of a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
(or a properly completed and manually signed facsimile thereof), with any
required signature guarantees, or an "agent's message" (as defined in the
Prospectus) in the case of book-entry transfer, and any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal, within three (3) Nasdaq National Market trading
days of the date hereof.

     
The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the
guarantee to the Exchange Agent and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal and
certificates for Siliconix Shares to the Exchange Agent within the time period
shown herein.
Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible
Institution.


Name of Firm:
- ----------------------------------------

Address:
- -----------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------

Area Code and
Telephone Number:
- -----------------------------------
Authorized Signature:
- ---------------------------------


Title:
- --------------------------------------------------

Name:
- -------------------------------------------------
                             (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE)


Dated:
- -------------------------------------------------

NOTE: DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SILICONIX SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE OF
      GUARANTEED DELIVERY.
CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF
      TRANSMITTAL.


EX-99.3

y49542ex99-3.txt

FORM OF BROKER DEALER LETTER

                                    OFFER OF

             VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP.

                                  TO EXCHANGE
                           1.5 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                          VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                      
FOR

                             EACH OUTSTANDING SHARE
                                OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                             SILICONIX iNCORPORATED

                 PURSUANT TO THE PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 25, 2001

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
   NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY JUNE 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.


To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees:

     Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holdings Corp. ("Vishay TEMIC"), a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology,
Inc. ("Vishay"), a Delaware corporation, is offering to exchange 1.5 shares of
Vishay common stock, par value $0.10 per share (the "Vishay Common Shares"), as
described in the Prospectus dated May 25, 2001 (the "Prospectus"), for each
outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (other than those
owned by Vishay or its subsidiaries) (the "Siliconix Shares"), of Siliconix
incorporated ("Siliconix"), a Delaware corporation, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Prospectus and in the related letter of
transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
constitute the "Offer") enclosed herewith.
Please furnish copies of the enclosed
materials to those of your clients for whose accounts you hold Siliconix Shares
registered in your name or in the name of your nominee.

     
The Offer is subject to several conditions set forth in the Prospectus,
which you should review in detail.
See "The Offer -- Conditions of the Offer" in
the Prospectus.

     
For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Siliconix Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are
enclosing the following documents:

     1.
The Prospectus dated May 25, 2001.

     2.
The Letter of Transmittal, including a Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9, for your use in accepting the
Offer and tendering Siliconix Shares.
Facsimile copies of the Letter of
Transmittal with manual signature(s) may be used to tender Siliconix Shares.

     
3.
The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
certificates evidencing Siliconix Shares are not immediately available or if
such certificates and all other required documents cannot be delivered to
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the "Exchange Agent") on or prior to
the expiration date (as described in the Prospectus) or if the procedures for
book-entry transfer cannot be completed by the expiration date.

     4.
A printed form of letter which may be sent to your clients for whose
accounts you hold Siliconix Shares registered in your name or in the name of
your nominee, with space for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to
the Offer.

     
5.
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9.

     
6.
A return envelope addressed to the Exchange Agent for your use only.

     
Your attention is invited to the following:

     1.
The consideration per Siliconix Share will be 1.5 Vishay Common Shares
as described in the Prospectus.

     
2.
The Offer is being made for all outstanding Siliconix Shares.

     
3.
The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on Friday, June 22, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

     
4.
There are several conditions to the Offer which you should review in
detail.
See "The Offer -- Conditions of the Offer" in the Prospectus.

     
5.
Cash will be paid in lieu of any fraction of a Vishay Common Share to
which a stockholder would be entitled.
Stockholders who fail to complete and
sign the Substitute Form W-9 may be subject to a required federal backup
withholding tax of 31% of any cash payment to such stockholder or other payee
pursuant to the Offer.

     
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), Vishay TEMIC will accept for exchange Siliconix Shares which are
validly tendered prior to the expiration date and not theretofore properly
withdrawn when, as and if Vishay TEMIC gives oral or written notice to the
Exchange Agent of Vishay TEMIC's acceptance of such Siliconix Shares for
exchange pursuant to the Offer.
Delivery of Vishay Common Shares pursuant to the
Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Exchange Agent
of (i) certificates for such Siliconix Shares, or timely confirmation of a
book-entry transfer of such Siliconix Shares into the Exchange Agent's account
at The Depository Trust Company, pursuant to the procedures described in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the Prospectus, (ii) a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a properly completed and
manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or
an "agent's message" (as defined in the Prospectus) in connection with a
book-entry transfer and (iii) all other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal.

     
Neither Vishay TEMIC nor any officer, director, stockholder, agent or other
representative of Vishay TEMIC will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or
dealer or other person (other than the Information Agent and the Exchange Agent
as described in the Prospectus) in connection with soliciting tenders of
Siliconix Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     
Vishay TEMIC will, however, upon request, reimburse brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies for customary mailing and handling costs
incurred by them in forwarding the enclosed materials to their customers.

     
WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE.
PLEASE NOTE
THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE
AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     
In order to take advantage of the Offer, a duly executed and properly
completed Letter of Transmittal (or a properly completed and manually signed
facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or an agent's
message in connection with a book-entry transfer of Siliconix Shares, and any
other required documents, should be sent to the Exchange Agent, and certificates
representing the tendered Siliconix Shares should be delivered or such Siliconix
Shares should be tendered by book-entry transfer, all in accordance with the
Instructions set forth in the Letter of Transmittal and in the Prospectus.

     
If holders of Siliconix Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for
them to forward their certificates or other required documents or to complete
the procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer prior to the expiration date,
a tender may be effected by following the guaranteed delivery procedures
specified in the Prospectus under "The Offer -- Guaranteed Delivery."

     
Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed
to, and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from, the
Information Agent at its address and telephone number set forth on the back
cover of the Prospectus.

                                      
Very truly yours,

                                      VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION
                                      HOLDINGS CORP.

     NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU
OR ANY PERSON AS THE AGENT OF VISHAY, VISHAY TEMIC, THE INFORMATION AGENT, THE
EXCHANGE AGENT OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY
OTHER PERSON TO MAKE ANY STATEMENT OR USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON
BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS
ENCLOSED HEREWITH AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.


EX-99.4

y49542ex99-4.txt

FORM OF CLIENT LETTER

                                    OFFER OF

             VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP.

                                  TO EXCHANGE
                           1.5 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                          VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                      
FOR

                             EACH OUTSTANDING SHARE
                                OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                             SILICONIX iNCORPORATED

                 PURSUANT TO THE PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 25, 2001

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
  NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                    
May 25, 2001

To Our Clients:

     Enclosed for your consideration are the Prospectus, dated May 25, 2001 (the
"Prospectus"), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") in
connection with the offer by Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holdings
Corp. ("Vishay TEMIC"), a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. ("Vishay"), a Delaware corporation, to exchange 1.5
shares of Vishay common stock, par value $0.10 per share (the "Vishay Common
Shares"), for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(other than those owned by Vishay or its subsidiaries) (the "Siliconix Shares"),
of Siliconix incorporated ("Siliconix"), a Delaware corporation.

     
WE ARE THE HOLDER OF RECORD (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) OF SILICONIX SHARES
HELD FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.
A TENDER OF SUCH SILICONIX SHARES CAN BE MADE ONLY BY US
AS THE HOLDER OF RECORD AND PURSUANT TO YOUR INSTRUCTIONS.
THE ENCLOSED LETTER
OF TRANSMITTAL IS FURNISHED TO YOU FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY AND CANNOT BE USED
BY YOU TO TENDER SILICONIX SHARES HELD BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.

     
We request instructions as to whether you wish us to tender any or all of
the Siliconix Shares held by us for your account, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Offer.

     
Your attention is invited to the following:

     1.
The consideration per Siliconix Share will be 1.5 Vishay Common Shares
        as described in the Prospectus.

     
2.
The Offer is being made for all outstanding Siliconix Shares.

     
3.
The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
        City time, on Friday, June 22, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

     
4.
The Offer is subject to several conditions set forth in the Prospectus,
        which you should review in detail.
See "The Offer -- Conditions of the
        Offer" in the Prospectus.

     
5.
Cash will be paid in lieu of any fraction of a Vishay Common Share to
        which a stockholder would be entitled.
Stockholders who fail to complete
        and sign the Substitute Form W-9 may be subject to a required federal
        backup withholding tax of 31% of any cash payment to such stockholder or
        other payee pursuant to the Offer.

     
The Offer is made solely by the Prospectus and the related Letter of
Transmittal and any supplements and amendments thereto.
Vishay TEMIC is not
aware of any state in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of
Siliconix Shares pursuant to the Offer is prohibited by administrative or
judicial action pursuant to any valid state statute.
If Vishay TEMIC becomes
aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the
acceptance of Siliconix Shares pursuant to the Offer, Vishay TEMIC will make a
good faith effort to comply with any such state statute.
If, after such good
faith effort, Vishay TEMIC cannot comply with any such state statute, the Offer
will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the
holders of Siliconix Shares residing in any such jurisdiction.
In any
jurisdiction in which the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer
to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made
on behalf of Vishay TEMIC by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed
under the laws of such jurisdiction.

     
If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Siliconix Shares, please
so instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form
set forth on the reverse side of this letter.
An envelope to return your
instruction form to us is enclosed.
If you authorize the tender of your
Siliconix Shares, all your Siliconix Shares will be tendered unless otherwise
specified on the reverse side of this letter.
YOUR INSTRUCTIONS SHOULD BE
FORWARDED TO US IN SUFFICIENT TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR
BEHALF PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE.

                     
INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER

                                       OF

                     VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION
                                 HOLDINGS CORP.

                             TO EXCHANGE 1.5 SHARES
                                OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                          VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                      
FOR

                             EACH OUTSTANDING SHARE
                                OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                             SILICONIX iNCORPORATED

     The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed
Prospectus, dated May 25, 2001, and the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
"Offer") relating to the Offer by Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition
Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc. ("Vishay"), a Delaware corporation, to exchange 1.5 shares
of Vishay common stock, par value $0.10 per share, for each outstanding share of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share (other than those owned by Vishay or its
subsidiaries) (the "Siliconix Shares"), of Siliconix incorporated, a Delaware
corporation.

     
This will instruct you to tender the number of Siliconix Shares indicated
below (or if no number is indicated below, all Siliconix Shares) held by you for
the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Offer.


Dated:
- ---------------------------------------------, 2001

Account Number:
- ---------------------------------------------

Number of Siliconix Shares to be Tendered*:
- ---------------------------------------------

Sign here:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name (please print):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Area Code and Telephone Number: (       )
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Tax Identification or Social Security Number(s):
- ------------------------------------------------------------------

*Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Siliconix Shares held
by us for your account are to be tendered.

     
PLEASE RETURN THIS FORM TO THE BROKERAGE FIRM MAINTAINING YOUR ACCOUNT

EX-99.5

y49542ex99-5.txt

FORM OF W-9 GUIDELINES

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

OBTAINING A NUMBER
If you do not have a taxpayer identification number ("TIN") or you don't know
your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card or
Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office
of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service and apply
for a number.


PAYEES EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING
Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on all dividend and
interest payments and on broker transactions include the following:
  - A corporation.
  
- A financial institution.
  - An organization exempt from tax under Section 501(a), or an individual
    retirement plan, or a custodial account under Section 403(b)(7)
if the
    account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(f)(2).
  - The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  
- A state, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any
    political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  
- A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or
    any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United
    States, the District of Columbia or a possession of the United States.
  -
A real estate investment trust.
  - A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a).
  -
An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment
    Company Act of 1940.
  - A foreign central bank of issue.
  
- A trust exempt from tax under Section 664 or described in Section
    4947(a)(1).
  
Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup
withholding include the following:
  - Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441.
  - Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United
    States and which have at least one nonresident partner.
  - Payments of patronage dividends where the amounts received are not paid in
    money.
  
- Payments made by certain foreign organizations.
  - Section 404(k) distributions made by an ESOP.
  
Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the
following:
  - Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals.
Note: You may be
    subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid
    in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not provided
    your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.
  - Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under
    Section 852).
  
- Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to non-resident aliens.
  - Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451.
  - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.
  
- Mortgage or student loan interest paid by you.

Exempt payees described above should file the substitute Form W-9 to avoid
possible erroneous backup withholding.
Complete the substitute Form W-9 as
follows:
ENTER YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE "EXEMPT" ACROSS THE FACE OF THE
FORM, AND RETURN THE FORM TO THE PAYER.
  
Certain payments, other than payments of interest, dividends, and patronage
dividends, that are subject to information reporting are also not subject to
backup withholding.
For details, see Sections 6041, 6041A, 6042, 6044, 6049,
6045, 6050A and 6050N and the regulations thereunder.

PRIVACY ACT NOTICE  Section 6109 requires you to provide your correct Taxpayer
Identification Number to payers, who must report the payments to the IRS.
The
IRS uses the number for identification purposes and may also provide this
information to various government agencies for tax enforcement or litigation
purposes.
Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are
required to file tax returns.
Payers must generally withhold 31% of taxable
interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a
taxpayer identification number to a payer.
Certain penalties may also apply.


PENALTIES
(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER -- If you fail
to furnish your correct taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are
subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to
reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.

(2) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING --
If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition
of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.

(3) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION --
Willfully falsifying
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including
fines and/or imprisonment.

(4) MISUSE OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS -- If the payer discloses or uses
taxpayer identification numbers in violation of Federal law, the payer may be
subject to civil and criminal penalties.

                  
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX
                   CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR DETERMINING THE PROPER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER FOR THE PAYEE (YOU)
TO GIVE THE PAYER --
Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two
hyphens: i.e. 000-00-0000.
Employer identification numbers have nine digits
separated by only one hyphen: i.e. 00-0000000.
The table below will help
determine the number to give the payer.

- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                              GIVE THE
                                           SOCIAL SECURITY
       FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:            
NUMBER OF --
- ------------------------------------------------------------

 1.  
An individual's account             The individual
 2.  
Two or more individuals (joint      The actual owner of
     account)                            the account or, if
                                         combined funds, the
                                         first individual on
                                         the account(1)
 3.  
Custodian account of a minor        The minor(2)
     (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)
 4.  a)
The usual revocable savings      The grantor-
        trust (grantor is also trustee)  trustee(1)
     b) So-called trust account that is  The actual owner(1)
        not a legal or valid trust
        under State law
 5.  
Sole proprietorship account         The owner(3)
- ------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                          GIVE THE EMPLOYER
                                           IDENTIFICATION
       FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:            NUMBER OF --
- ------------------------------------------------------------

 6.  
A valid trust, estate, or pension   The legal entity(4)
     trust
 7.  
Corporate account                   The corporation
 8.  
Partnership account held in the     The partnership
     name of the business
 9.  
Association, club, or other tax-    The organization
     exempt organization account
10.  
A broker or registered nominee      The broker or
                                         nominee
11.  
Account with the Department of      The public entity
     Agriculture in the name of a
     public entity (such as a State or
     local government, school district,
     or prison) that receives
     agricultural program payments
- ------------------------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.

(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.

(3) Show the name of the owner.
The name of the business or the "doing business
    as" name may also be entered.
Either the social security number or the
    employer identification number may be used.

(4) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust.
    
(Do not furnish the taxpayer identification number of the personal
    representative or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated
    in the account title.)

NOTE:
If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be
     considered to be that of the first name listed.

EX-99.6

y49542ex99-6.txt

SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

                                                                    Exhibit 99.6

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell Shares (as defined below).
The Offer (as defined below) is made by the
Prospectus (as defined below) and the related letter of transmittal and any
amendments or supplements thereto, and is being made to all holders of Shares.

This Offer, however, is not being made to, nor will Shares be accepted from or
on behalf of, holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the
Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such
jurisdiction.
Purchaser (as defined below) may in its discretion, however, take
such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction and
extend the Offer to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction.
In jurisdictions
whose laws require that the Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the
Offer shall be deemed to be made on Purchaser's behalf by one or more registered
brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

                          
Notice of Offer to Exchange
                           1.5 Shares of Common Stock
                                       of
                          Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
                                       by
                           Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor
                          Acquisition Holdings Corp.,
                          a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                         Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.,
                 for each outstanding Share of Common Stock of
                             Siliconix incorporated

Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holdings Corp. ("Purchaser"), a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
("Vishay"), a Delaware corporation, is offering to exchange shares of Vishay
common stock, par value $0.10 per share ("Vishay Common Shares"), for each
outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of
Siliconix incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("Siliconix"), that Vishay
(including its subsidiaries) do not own, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Prospectus, dated May 25, 2001 (the "Prospectus"),
and in the related letter of transmittal (which, together with the Prospectus
and any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer").

Vishay currently owns approximately 80.4% of the outstanding Shares.
The
exchange ratio in the Offer is 1.5 Vishay Common Shares for each Share of
Siliconix.
Stockholders of record who tender directly to the Exchange Agent (as
defined below) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions, if
any, on the exchange of Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Stockholders who hold
their Shares through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to
whether it charges any service fees.
Purchaser will pay all charges and expenses
of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, which is acting as exchange agent
(the "Exchange Agent"), and MacKenzie Partners, Inc., which is acting as the
information agent (the "Information Agent"), incurred in connection with the
Offer.


THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.


The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered
and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date that number of Shares
which represents at least a majority of the outstanding Shares that are not
currently owned by Vishay.
The Offer is also subject to other conditions.


For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted for
exchange Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn when, as and if
Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Exchange Agent of its acceptance
of the tenders of such Shares.
Delivery of Vishay Common Shares in exchange for
Shares pursuant to the Offer and cash in lieu of a fraction of a Vishay Common
Share will be made by the Exchange Agent as soon as practicable after receipt of
such notice.
The Exchange Agent will act as agent for tendering stockholders for
the purpose of receiving Vishay Common Shares and cash to be paid in lieu of a
fraction of a Vishay Common Share from Purchaser and transmitting such Vishay
Common Shares and cash to validly tendering stockholders.
In all cases, payment
for Shares accepted for exchange pursuant to the Offer will be made only after
timely receipt by the Exchange Agent of (i) certificates representing such
Shares (or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the
Exchange Agent's account at The Depository Trust Company ("DTC")), (ii) a
properly completed

and duly executed letter of transmittal (or a properly completed and manually
signed facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees or an Agent's
Message (as defined in the Prospectus) in connection with a book-entry transfer
and (iii) any other documents required by the letter of transmittal, or the
tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures
described in the Prospectus.
See "The Offer--Guaranteed Delivery.
"


The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on June 22,
2001, unless and until Purchaser extends the period of time for which the Offer
is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time
and date at which the Offer, as so extended by Purchaser, shall expire.

Purchaser may at any time or from time to time extend the Offer for any period
required by any rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange
Commission applicable to the Offer.
Purchaser expressly reserves the right to
waive the conditions to the Offer and to make any other changes in the terms and
conditions of the Offer; provided, however, that the minimum condition referred
to above and certain other conditions identified in the Prospectus relating to
the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission in connection with the Offer and the listing of the Shares
issuable in the Offer on the New York Stock Exchange will not be modified or
waived.
See the Prospectus.


If Purchaser extends the Offer, Purchaser will make an announcement to that
effect no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day
after the previously scheduled Expiration Date.
During any such extension, all
Shares previously tendered and not properly withdrawn will remain subject to the
Offer, subject to the right to withdraw the Shares.


Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior to the
Expiration Date, and unless theretofore accepted for exchange pursuant to the
Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after July 23, 2001.
For a withdrawal
of Shares tendered to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice
of withdrawal must be timely received by the Exchange Agent at one of its
addresses set forth in the Prospectus.
Any notice of withdrawal must specify the
name, address and social security number of the person who tendered the Shares
to be withdrawn, the certificate number(s) and the number of Shares to be
withdrawn and the name(s) in which the certificate(s) representing such Shares
are registered, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares.

If certificates for Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Exchange Agent, the name of the registered holder and the
serial numbers shown on the particular certificate evidencing the Shares to be
withdrawn must also be furnished to the Exchange Agent prior to the physical
release of the Shares to be withdrawn.
The signature(s) on the notice of
withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution (as defined in the
Prospectus)
(except in the case of Shares tendered by an Eligible Institution).

If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer,
any notice of withdrawal must specify the name and number of the account at DTC
to be credited with such withdrawn Shares and must otherwise comply with DTC's
procedures.
All questions as to the form and validity (including time of
receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, and its determination will be final and binding on all parties.


The information required to be disclosed by Rule 14d-6(d)(1) of the General
Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is contained in
the Prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference.


In connection with the Offer, Purchaser will request from Siliconix the names
and addresses of all record holders of Shares and security position listings of
Shares held in stock depositories.
The Prospectus, the related letter of
transmittal and other related materials will be mailed to registered holders of
Shares and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust
companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees,
appear on the stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants
in a clearing agency's security position listing for subsequent transmittal to
beneficial owners of Shares.


The Prospectus and the related letter of transmittal contain important
information that should be read carefully before any decision is made with
respect to the Offer.


Any questions or requests for assistance or for additional copies of the
Prospectus, the related letter of transmittal and other related tender offer
materials may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone
number set forth below, and copies will be furnished promptly at Purchaser's
expense.
Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer
or any other person (other than the Exchange Agent and the Information Agent) in
connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.


The Information Agent for the Offer is:

MACKENZIE
PARTNERS, INC.
LOGO

156 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10010
(212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
or
Call Toll-Free (800) 322-2885
May 25, 2001

EX-99.7

y49542ex99-7.txt

REQUEST FOR STOCKHOLDER LIST

                                                                    Exhibit 99.7

                           VISHAY TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR
                           ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP.
                        C/O VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
                               63 LINCOLN HIGHWAY
                          MALVERN, PENNSYLVANIA 19355

                                  May 25, 2001

VIA FACSIMILE AND COURIER
- -------------------------
Mr. King Owyang
President and Chief Executive Officer
Siliconix incorporated
2201 Laurelwood Road
Santa Clara, California  95054

    REQUEST PURSUANT TO RULE 14d-5(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


Dear Mr. Owyang:

         
The undersigned, Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor Acquisition Holdings Corp.
("Vishay TEMIC"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
hereby makes a request pursuant to Rule 14d-5(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as follows:

         1)       
The identity of the bidder is Vishay TEMIC.

         2)       
The title of the class of securities which is the subject of
                  the bidder's tender offer is the common stock, par value
                  $0.01, of Siliconix incorporated ("Siliconix").

         3)       
The bidder is making a request to Siliconix pursuant to
                  paragraph (a) of Rule 14d-5 position listings for the purpose
                  of disseminating a tender offer to security holders of
                  Siliconix.

         4)       
The bidder is aware of and will fully comply with the
                  provisions of paragraph (f) of Rule 14d-5.

         
5)       
The bidder has elected pursuant to paragraph (f)(1) of Rule
                  14d-5 to disseminate amendments disclosing material changes to
                  the tender offer materials pursuant to the aforesaid Rule.

         6)       
The name, address and telephone number of the person whom
                  Siliconix shall contact pursuant to paragraph (a)(4) of Rule
                  14d-5 is:

                           Avi D. Eden
                           Vice Chairman of the Board
                           Executive Vice President
                           and General Counsel
                           Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
                           63 Lincoln Highway
                           Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355-2121
                           (610) 644-1300

                                             Very truly yours,

                                             /s/
Avi D. Eden

EX-99.8

y49542ex99-8.txt

COMPLAINT

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.8

                IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

                          IN AND FOR NEW CASTLE COUNTY

ROBERT C. DICKINSON,
                                                C.A. No. 18687 NC
                              Plaintiff,
                                                           CLASS ACTION
         -against-                                           COMPLAINT

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC., VISHAY
TEMIC SEMICONDUCTOR ACQUISITION
HOLDINGS CORP., SILICONIX
INCORPORATED, KING OWYANG, EVERETT
ARNDT, LORI LIPCAMAN, MICHAEL
ROSENBERG and GLYNDWR SMITH

                             Defendants.

         
Plaintiff alleges on information and belief, except for those
allegations which pertain to plaintiff which are alleged upon personal
knowledge, as follows:

                  1.
This action arises out of an unlawful scheme and plan by
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., ("Vishay") and Vishay TEMIC Semiconductor
Acquisition Holdings Corp. ("Vishay TEMIC", collectively "Vishay") to acquire
the remaining ownership of the Siliconix Incorporated ("Siliconix" or the
"Company") in a going-private transaction for grossly inadequate consideration
and without full and complete disclosure of all material information, in breach
of defendants' fiduciary duties.

                                   
THE PARTIES

                  2.
Plaintiff is and has been at all relevant times the owner
of shares of the common stock of Siliconix Incorporated ("Siliconix" or
"Company")

                  3.
Siliconix is a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the Delaware.
Siliconix designs, makes and markets power and analog
semiconductor products.
Siliconix has issued and outstanding about 29.8 million
shares of common stock.
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. ("Vishay") owns
approximately 24 million shares, or approximately 80.4%, of the Company's common
stock.

                  4.
Defendants Everett Arndt ("Arndt"), Lori Lipcaman
("Lipcaman") and Glyrdwr Smith ("Smith") are directors of the Company and
officers of Vishay.

                           (a) Defendant King Owyang ("Owyang") is both a
director and an officer of Siliconix.

                           (b) Defendant Michael Rosenberg ("Rosenberg") is a
director of Siliconix and has served as a consultant to Vishay since 1992.

                  5.
The individual defendants named above and Vishay, as the
majority stockholder of Siliconix, owe the highest fiduciary duties of good
faith, loyalty, fair dealing, due care, and candor to plaintiff and the other
members of the Class (as defined below).

                            
CLASS ACTION ALLEGATIONS

                  6.
Plaintiff brings this action pursuant to Rule 23 of the
Rules of the Court of Chancery, individually and on behalf of all other
stockholders of the Company (except the defendants herein and any persons, firm,
trust, corporation, or other entity related to or affiliated with them and their
successors in interest), who are or will be threatened with injury arising from
defendants' actions, as more fully described herein (the "Class").

                  
7.
This action is properly maintainable as a class action for
the following reasons:

                           (a) The Class is so numerous that joinder of all
members is impracticable.
There are approximately 770 holders of record of
Siliconix common stock and likely many more beneficial owners.

                           
(b) There are questions of law and fact which are
common to the Class and which predominate over questions affecting any
individual class member.
The common questions include, inter alia, the
following:

                                    (i)      Whether Vishay and the Individual
                                             Defendants have engaged and are
                                             continuing to engage in a plan and
                                             scheme to benefit Vishay at the
                                             expense of the members of the
                                             Class;

                                    (ii)     Whether the Individual Defendants,
                                             and Vishay, as majority stockholder
                                             of Siliconix, have fulfilled, and
                                             are capable of fulfilling, their
                                             fiduciary duties to plaintiff and
                                             the other members of the Class,
                                             including their duties of entire
                                             fairness, fair dealing, loyalty,
                                             due care, and candor; and

                                    (iii)    Whether plaintiff and the other
                                             members of the Class would be
                                             irreparably damaged if Vishay and
                                             the Individual Defendants are not
                                             enjoined from the conduct described
                                             herein;

                  8.
The claims of plaintiff are typical of the claims of the
other members of the Class in that all members of the Class will be damaged
alike by the wrongs complained of herein.

                  
9.
Plaintiff is committed to prosecuting this action and has
retained competent counsel experienced in litigation of this nature.

Accordingly, plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Class.

                  10.
Defendants have acted and will continue to act on grounds
generally applicable to the Class, thereby making appropriate final injunctive
or corresponding declaratory relief with respect to the Class as a whole.

                     
BACKGROUND AND SUBSTANTIVE ALLEGATIONS

                  11.
On February 22, 2001, Vishay announced in a press release
that:

                           Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE: VSH) announced
                  today that it is proposing to purchase any and all outstanding
                  share of common stock of Siliconix Incorporated (NASDAQ: SILI)
                  not already owned by Vishay at a price of $28.82 per share in
                  cash.
The proposal was communicated in a letter to the
                  Siliconix Board of Directors.
Vishay currently owns 80.4% of
                  the outstanding shares of Siliconix.
The purchase would be
                  made through a tender offer, subject to customary conditions,
                  in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
                  Commission.
Vishay also indicated that it might offer to
                  exchange the Siliconix shares for shares of its common stock.
                  
Vishay would expect that the value per share of the Siliconix
                  in an exchange offer would be somewhat less than the cash
                  price.

                           
Vishay also stated that, if it holds at least 90
                  percent of the outstanding Siliconix shares following
                  completion of the offer, it may effect a "short-form" merger
                  of Siliconix with a Vishay subsidiary.
If such a merger takes
                  place promptly after the offer, the consideration given to
                  stockholders in the merger would be the same as the
                  consideration received by tendering stockholders in the offer.

                  
12.
Vishay has organized defendant Yishay TEMIC Semiconductor
Acquisition Holdings Corp. as the vehicle for the freeze-out.
References to
"Vishay" include its subsidiary.

                  13.
The price of Siliconix stock has traded as high as $165
per share during the past 52 weeks, and at or above the Offer price in the past
few days.
Further, the Company's

shares traded around $25 before the Offer was announced, so the Vishay proposal
reflects only a very modest premium over the currently depressed price for
Siliconix shares.

                  14.
The price proposed by Vishay is particularly unfair in
light of the Company's recent performance and anticipated financial performance.

On December 19, 2000, defendant Owyang, Siliconix's President and CEO stated:
"Although the business still continues to be slow, we are optimistic heading
into year 2001.
We expect inventory adjustments to be over by late Ql'01.
The
forecasted growth for the cell phone handset market is between 30-40% next year.

New product development remains our top priority so we can continue to provide
solutions to the design challenges of our customers.
"

                  15.
Because Vishay controls a majority of the Company's common
stock, no third party will likely bid for Siliconix.
Vishay thus will be able to
proceed with the proposed transaction without an auction or other type of market
check to maximize value for the public shareholders.

                  
16.
Vishay is intent on paying the lowest possible price to
Class members, even though Vishay is duty-bound to pay the highest fair price to
the Company's public shareholders.
Thus, Vishay has a clear and material
conflict of interest in the proposed Offer.

                  17.
Because of its control over the Company and Siliconix's
Board of Directors, Vishay is in a position to dictate the terms of the proposed
transaction.
The directors are beholden to Vishay for their positions and the
perquisites which they enjoy therefrom and cannot represent or protect the
interests of the Company's public shareholders with impartiality and vigor.

                  
18.
By reason of the foregoing acts, practices, and course of
conduct by defendants, plaintiff and the other members of the Class have been
and will be damaged because

they will not receive their fair proportion of the value of Siliconix's assets
and business and will be prevented from obtaining fair consideration for their
shares of Siliconix's common stock.

                  19.
The Offer has been timed and structured unfairly in that:

                           (a) The proposed transaction is designed and intended
to eliminate members of the class as stockholders of the Company from continued
equity participation in the Company at a price per share which Vishay knew or
should know is unfair and inadequate;

                           (b) Vishay has unique knowledge of the Company and
has access to information denied or unavailable to the Class;

                           (c) Vishay has violated its duty of fair dealing by
timing the transaction to place an artificial cap on the market price of
Siliconix stock; and

                           (d)
The process is procedurally flawed in that Vishay
can force the consummation of the transaction without the approval of the public
shareholders, given its majority ownership of the Company's stock.

                  
20.
Similarly, the Individual Defendants owe fiduciary duties
to the Company's public shareholders, but because they are dominated, controlled
and beholden to Vishay, they cannot not fairly discharge their duties.

                  21.
Vishay and the Individual Defendants will continue to
breach their fiduciary duties owed to plaintiff and the Class and will
consummate the proposed transaction to the irreparable harm of plaintiff and the
Class.

                  22.
Plaintiff and the other members of the Class have no
adequate remedy at law.

         
WHEREFORE, plaintiff demands judgment as follows:

         A.
Declaring this to be a proper class action and naming plaintiff as
Class representative;

         B. Granting preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against the
consummation of the proposed transaction as described herein;

         C.
In the event the proposed transaction is consummated, rescinding the
transaction or awarding rescissory damages to the Class;

         D. Ordering defendants to account to plaintiff and to all other members
of the Class for all damages suffered and to be suffered by them as the result
of the wrongs alleged herein;

         E. Awarding plaintiff the costs and disbursements of the action
including allowances for plaintiff's reasonable attorneys and experts fees; and

         F. Granting such other and further relief as may be just and proper.

                                        ROSENTHAL, MONHAIT, GROSS
                                          & GODDESS

                                   By:
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Mellon Bank Center
                                        Suite 1401
                                        919 Market Street
                                        Wilmington, Delaware 19801

                                        Attorneys for Plaintiff

OF COUNSEL:

SHEPHERD, FINKELMAN
  & GAFFIGAN, LLC
117 Gayley Street, #200
Media, PA 19063
(610) 891-9880

EX-99.9

y49542ex99-9.txt

COMPLAINT

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.9

                IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE
                          IN AND FOR NEW CASTLE COUNTY

MOSHE MILLER,                                       :
                                                    :
                                    Plaintiff,      :
                                                    :
                               - against -          :
                                                    :  Civil Action No. 18688-NC
KING OWYANG, EVERETT ARNDT, LORI LIPCAMAN,          :
MICHAEL ROSENBERG, MARK SEGALL, GLYNDWR             :
SMITH, SILICONIX INCORPORATED and VISHAY,           :
INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.,                              :
                                                    :
                                    Defendants.     :
                                                    :
                                                    :

                             CLASS ACTION COMPLAINT

                  Plaintiff alleges upon information and belief, except for
paragraph 1 hereof, which is alleged upon knowledge, as follows:

                  1.
Plaintiff has been the owner of shares of the common stock
of Siliconix Incorporated ("Siliconix" or the "Company") since prior to the
wrongs herein complained of and continuously to date.

                  
2.
Siliconix is a corporation duly organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware.
The Company designs, markets, and
manufacturers power and analog semiconductor products for the communications,
computer and automotive markets.
Its products are also used in instrumentation
and industrial applications.

                  
3. Defendant Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. ("Vishay") owns or
controls approximately 80.4% of the equity of the Company.

                  
4.
Defendant King Owyang is President and Chief Executive
Officer and a Director of the Company.

                  
5.
Defendant Everett Arndt is Operations Administrative
President, North America of Vishay and a Director of the Company.

                  
6.
Defendant Lori Lipcaman is Operations Senior Vice President
and Controller of Vishay and a Director of the Company.

                  
7.
Defendant Michael Rosenberg is a consultant to Vishay and a
Director of the Company.

                  
8.
Defendant Mark Segall is a Director of the Company.

                  
9.
Defendant Glyndwr Smith is Assistant to the CEO and Senior
Vice President, Marketing Intelligence of Vishay, and a Director of the Company.

                  
10.
Vishay, as controlling shareholder, and the director
defendants stand in a fiduciary position relative to the Company's public
shareholders and owe the public shareholders of Siliconix the highest duties of
good faith, fair dealing, due care, loyalty, and full and candid disclosure.

                            
CLASS ACTION ALLEGATIONS

                  11.
Plaintiff brings this action as a class action, pursuant
to Rule 23 of the Rules of the Court of Chancery, on behalf of all security
holders of the Company (except the defendants herein and any person, firm,
trust, corporation, or other entity related to or affiliated with any of the
defendants) and their successors in interest, who are or will be threatened with
injury arising from defendants' actions as more fully described herein.

                  12.
This action is properly maintainable as a class action.

                  
13.
The class is so numerous that joinder of all members is
impracticable.
There are approximately 5.84 million shares of Siliconix common
stock outstanding owned by hundreds, if not thousands, of holders other than
Vishay and it affiliates.

                                     - 2 -

                  14.
There are questions of law and fact which are common to
the class including, inter alia, the following: (a) whether defendants have
breached their fiduciary and other common law duties owed by them to plaintiff
and the members of the class; (b) whether defendants are pursuing a scheme and
course of business designed to eliminate the public securities holders of
Siliconix in violation of the laws of the State of Delaware in order to enrich
Vishay at the expense and to the detriment of plaintiff and the other public
stockholders who are members of the class; (c) whether the proposed transaction,
hereinafter described, constitutes a breach of the duty of fair dealing with
respect to the plaintiff and the other members of the class; and (d) whether the
class is entitled to injunctive relief or damages as a result of the wrongful
conduct committed by defendants.

                  15.
Plaintiff is committed to prosecuting this action and has
retained competent counsel experienced in litigation of this nature.
The claims
of the plaintiff are typical of the claims of other members of the class and
plaintiff has the same interests as the other members of the class.
Plaintiff
will fairly and adequately represent the class.

                  16.
Defendants have acted in a manner which affects plaintiff
and all members of the class alike, thereby making appropriate injunctive relief
and/or corresponding declaratory relief with respect to the class as a whole.

                  17.
The prosecution of separate actions by individual members
of the Class would create a risk of inconsistent or varying adjudications with
respect to individual members of the Class, which would establish incompatible
standards of conduct for defendants, or adjudications with respect to individual
members of the Class which would, as a practical matter, be dispositive of the
interests of other members or substantially impair or impede their ability to
protect their interests.

                                     - 3 -

                             SUBSTANTIVE ALLEGATIONS

                  18.
On February 22, 2001, Vishay announced that it had made a
proposal to purchase all of the shares of common stock of the Company not held
by Vishay and its affiliates.