URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/854460/000089161801500850/0000891618-01-500850.txt

You may obtain the
information incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus
without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You
Can Find More Information" on page 1.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Early in 2000, management of Interland and Micron Electronics had engaged
in informal general discussions.
In November 2000, Interland reinitiated those
discussions, regarding the possibility of a strategic relationship between the
two companies.
On December 15, 2000, Micron Electronics and Interland entered
into a confidentiality agreement.

     
During the last two weeks of December 2000 and throughout the month of
January 2001, discussions continued, primarily between the chief executive
officers of the companies, regarding a potential business combination between
the two companies.

     
At a meeting of the Interland board of directors on January 16, 2001,
strategic alternatives were discussed, including potential additional
investments by current strategic partners.
At the meeting, representatives of
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., financial advisor to Interland, made a presentation to
the Interland board of directors regarding current equity market conditions,
which generally indicated that raising additional capital would be difficult at
best for the foreseeable future.
The Interland board was also advised by
Interland's legal counsel, Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, of its fiduciary duties in
considering a merger with Micron Electronics.
Immediately after this board
meeting, the executive management of Interland and Micron Electronics
intensified their discussions regarding a potential combination.

     
On January 17, 2001, in Los Angeles, California, executive officers of
Micron Electronics met with executive officers of Interland to discuss a
possible business combination.

     
On January 22, 2001, a telephonic meeting was held with executive officers
and the financial advisors and legal counsel of both Micron Electronics and
Interland during which the broad strategic goals of a potential business
combination of the two companies were discussed.
It was resolved at this meeting
to schedule a meeting of the parties to further investigate and discuss the
potential business combination.

     
On January 23, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
meeting by teleconference during which they discussed the potential Interland
transaction and authorized Micron Electronics' executive management to proceed
with further analysis and due diligence.
The Micron Electronics' board was also
advised by Micron Electronics' legal counsel, Fenwick & West LLP and Dorsey &
Whitney LLP, of its fiduciary duties in considering the merger with Interland.

     
On January 24, 2001, in Dallas, Texas, Messrs. Kocher, Cavender, and
Stewart of Micron Electronics and representatives of CIBC World Markets Corp.,
financial advisor to Micron Electronics, met with Messrs. Gavranovic, Gill and
Covington of Interland, and representatives of Bear Stearns to discuss the terms
of a potential business combination between Micron Electronics and Interland.
At
this meeting, the executives of both companies made detailed presentations
regarding their areas of operation.
In addition, the structure, economic terms
and other material conditions of a potential combination were discussed in a
preliminary manner.
This meeting concluded without agreement between the parties
with respect to price or other financial terms.

     
The status of discussions with Micron Electronics, including the results of
this meeting, were reported to the Interland board of directors at its meeting
on January 31, 2001.
After receiving this report and discussing the general
financial condition and strategic direction of the company, the Interland board
of directors approved the formal engagement of Bear Stearns as its financial
advisor to identify and evaluate, and conduct an appropriate search for,
strategic transactions for the company.

     
In the period from just prior to the January 31, 2001 Interland board
meeting until the execution of the merger agreement with Micron Electronics,
Bear Stearns assisted Interland in developing a list of prospective purchasers
of, or investors in, Interland and then contacted those entities, and in some
cases engaged in discussions regarding the possibility of a strategic
transaction with Interland.
By March 1, 2001, Bear Stearns or officers of
Interland had made contact with 21 parties other than Micron Electronics,
provided confidential information regarding Interland to 11 of these other
parties and engaged in discussions with two of these other parties regarding a
potential transaction.

     
On February 1, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
meeting by teleconference and discussed the possibility of entering into a
transaction with Interland, including discussions regarding the appropriate
valuation ranges for Interland, and approved the delivery of a non-binding
preliminary letter of interest to Interland.

     
A preliminary letter of interest was received by Interland from Micron
Electronics during the first week of February 2001, but several of its proposed
material terms were unacceptable to Interland.
A revised letter of interest was
presented to Interland during the second week of February.
Although the parties
had not reached agreement on many of the material terms addressed in the revised
letter, management of both parties agreed that it was appropriate for both to
continue with more thorough due diligence while attempting to resolve the issues
on which there continued to be disagreement.
During the latter half of February
2001, both companies engaged in extensive legal, operational and financial due
diligence investigations of the other.

     
On February 14, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
regularly scheduled meeting and discussed further the possibility of entering
into a transaction with Interland.
The Micron Electronics board discussed
prospects for maintaining cash at designated levels at the time of the
anticipated closing of any merger with Interland and the possibility that the
proposed exchange ratio would be adjusted if cash and cash equivalents fell
below a specified level.
The Micron Electronics board also discussed the
advisability of a contingent distribution of cash to Micron Electronics
shareholders in the event net cash as of the merger closing or Net Proceeds from
any sale of the PC Systems business exceeded specified levels and the means of
adjusting that value fairly if Micron Electronics' cash as of the merger closing
was less than projected.

     
On February 20, 2001, in Atlanta, Georgia, a group of the executive
officers of Micron Electronics and representatives of CIBC World Markets met
with a group of the officers of Interland and representatives of Bear Stearns,
to discuss the terms for a potential business combination between Micron
Electronics and Interland.
This meeting concluded without agreement between the
parties with respect to price or other financial terms.

     
From February 20 through 21, 2001, Micron Electronics' human resources,
technical and legal personnel, Micron Electronics' outside legal counsel and
accounting advisor as well as representatives of CIBC World Markets, conducted a
due diligence investigation of Interland in Atlanta.
From February 21 through
24, 2001, a group of officers of Interland, representatives of Interland's legal
counsel and accounting advisor and representatives of Bear Stearns, conducted a
due diligence investigation of Micron Electronics in Boise, and Nampa, Idaho.
On
February 26 and 27, 2001, executive officers of Interland and representatives of
Bear Stearns conducted a due diligence investigation of the HostPro business in
Seattle, Washington and Los Angeles, California.

     
On March 2, 5, and 6, 2001, Messrs. Kocher and Cavender from Micron
Electronics and Mr. Gill and Ms. Stevens from Interland discussed the value of
potential cost reductions and other benefits arising

from the proposed transaction.
These discussions concluded without further
discussion between the parties with respect to price or other financial terms.

     
A first draft of the merger agreement was delivered by Micron Electronics
to Interland on February 27, 2001, containing details on many of the merger
terms that had previously been discussed between the parties.
Between February
27 and March 11, 2001, executive officers of Interland and Interland's financial
and legal advisors continued to negotiate and discuss points of disagreement
with Micron Electronics and its legal and financial advisors, resolving many
open issues.

     
At a special meeting of the Interland board of directors on the evening of
Sunday, March 11, 2001, management, legal counsel and the financial advisors to
Interland reported on the material terms of the merger agreement and the
significant points of negotiations between the parties that remained unresolved
at that time.
Bear Stearns and members of Interland management also updated the
Interland board of directors on the status of the company's strategic
alternatives, including the possibility of raising capital from strategic
partners.
While it was reported that some of Interland's strategic partners had
indicated a general interest in potentially making additional, noncontrol
investments in Interland, these discussions were at a preliminary stage and
would take substantial additional time to bring to closure.
Bear Stearns and
management updated the Interland board of directors on the status of contacts
with prospective strategic partners.

     
They also reported on an oral indication of interest in a merger with
Interland that had been expressed by one of the entities contacted by Bear
Stearns.
It was agreed that the indication of interest from this other company
should be pursued and that Interland should cooperate in every reasonable manner
to provide the information needed to allow this entity to decide whether to make
a formal offer.

     
From March 16 through 22, 2001, Micron Electronics and Interland were
engaged in negotiations on key transaction terms and documents.
During this
period, issues under discussion included Micron Electronics' concerns about: the
method of calculating and adjusting the proposed exchange ratio; Interland's
request for a covenant or closing condition giving comfort that Micron
Electronics would sell or exit, or announce its intention to sell or exit, its
PC Systems business prior to the merger closing; the calculation of any
distributions of the Net Proceeds from the sale of the PC Systems business that
could be made to the shareholders of Micron Electronics; details of the
pre-closing bridge loan requested by Interland and the interplay of the loan
provisions with the merger agreement; the composition and structure of the board
of directors of the combined company; and the acceleration of vesting as to some
Interland options.

     
Management of Interland and its financial advisors met with representatives
of the other company on March 16, 2001, to discuss the financial condition of
Interland and a potential combination of the two companies.
On March 20, 2001,
the other company delivered to Interland a written indication of interest to
engage in a merger pursuant to which each Interland share of common stock would
be exchanged for common stock of the other company valued based on a trailing
30-day market average, which was equal to approximately $2.20 per Interland
share as of March 21, 2001.
The offer was expressly conditioned upon completion
of business, legal, and accounting due diligence by the other company, which its
chief executive officer had orally indicated would take at least 10 days.
The
indication of interest was expressly nonbinding.
Interland, in consultation with
its legal counsel and financial advisors, communicated on the day of receipt of
this letter with the chief executive officer of the other company to inquire as
to whether the due diligence investigation period could be shortened and as to
whether the price that was discussed in the letter could be increased.
The
response was that the price mentioned in the letter not only would not be
increased but was subject to downward revision if the stock price of the other
company eroded between that time and the time of the signing of a definitive
agreement and that the due diligence period would more likely significantly
exceed the estimate of 10 days that had been previously communicated.

     
At the same time, Interland confirmed with the chief executive officer of
Micron Electronics its understanding that Micron Electronics' position was that
a delay in reaching agreement about a proposed business combination beyond March
23, 2001 would result in Micron Electronics terminating all discussions.

Interland considered this comment in the context of the overall negotiations and
concluded

that to give the other company the time needed for a full due diligence
investigation would raise a substantial possibility that Micron Electronics
would terminate discussions with Interland.
Even more importantly, Interland
believed that it was very uncertain that a binding agreement with the other
company would ever be entered into.
This belief was based in part on Interland's
prior dealings with the other company.
These factors caused management of
Interland to tentatively conclude, subject to confirmation by its board of
directors, that it would not be in its shareholders' best interests to risk
losing the Micron Electronics transaction, which had been more fully
investigated by both sides and was on the verge of being signed, in order to
give the other company more time to perform its due diligence investigation and
possibly negotiate a potential merger.

     
The Micron Electronics board of directors met on March 22, 2001, to discuss
various aspects of the proposed transaction with Interland, including the
principal transaction terms and other issues that had not yet been resolved
during the course of the negotiations.
During the meeting, the Micron
Electronics board of directors also reviewed management's and counsel's due
diligence reports on Interland, received a presentation from CIBC World Markets
on the financial aspects of the proposed transaction.
Following this
presentation, CIBC World Markets delivered its oral opinion to the Micron
Electronics board of directors, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to
the effect that, as of that date and based upon qualifications, assumptions and
other matters set forth in the written opinion, the proposed exchange ratio of
0.8610 provided for in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Micron Electronics common stock.
Based upon these
discussions, the board of directors authorized Micron Electronics' management to
proceed with the proposed transaction, specifying an exchange ratio of 0.8610
shares of Micron Electronics common stock for each share of Interland common
stock, subject to adjustment under specified circumstances.
The parties and
their respective legal representatives continued to negotiate over the next
several hours to resolve open issues, including details regarding the potential
cash payment to the Micron Electronics shareholders, the adjustment of the
exchange ratio if Micron Electronics were to be unable to maintain cash at
designated levels at the time of the anticipated closing of any merger with
Interland, closing conditions, and some of the specific terms of the transaction
documents.
Micron Electronics' board of directors then reconvened and approved
the final terms of the merger agreement and the related transaction agreements.

Also during this period, Micron Electronics and Ken Gavranovic negotiated the
terms of an employment agreement to become effective if the merger closes.

     
On March 22, 2001, the Interland board of directors also met to consider
the proposed transaction with Micron Electronics.
This meeting reconvened in the
early morning hours of Friday, March 23, 2001.
At the meeting, the Interland
board was given an update on negotiations with Micron Electronics regarding the
merger agreement and related agreements and the material terms of these
documents were reviewed.
In addition, the Interland board reviewed management's
and counsel's due diligence reports on Micron Electronics.

     
At the same meeting, Bear Stearns representatives gave updates to the
Interland board of directors regarding the efforts undertaken to contact
potentially interested parties and how these communications had not resulted in
any real possibility of an alternative transaction.
The discussions with the
other company and its written indication of interest were reported to and
discussed by Interland's board of directors.
Bear Stearns then made a
presentation to the Interland board of directors regarding the proposed
transaction and addressed issues associated with potential alternative
strategies for Interland.
Following this presentation, Bear Stearns delivered
its oral opinion to the Interland board of directors, which was subsequently
confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of that date and based upon certain
other qualifications, assumptions, limitations and other matters which would be
set forth in the written opinion, the exchange ratio provided for in the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Interland's common
shareholders.

     
Micron Electronics and Interland then executed the merger agreement and the
related agreements at approximately 6:30 a.m., Eastern time, and shortly
thereafter publicly announced the proposed merger.


MICRON ELECTRONICS' REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     The board of directors of Micron Electronics has determined that the
issuance of shares of Micron Electronics provided for in the merger is fair to,
and in the best interests of, Micron Electronics and its shareholders.

Accordingly, the Micron Electronics board recommends that its shareholders vote
for the issuance of the Micron Electronics common stock in the merger, for the
amendment to its articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized
shares of common stock and change the name of Micron Electronics to Interland,
Inc., and for the amendment of its bylaws, to increase the size of the Micron
Electronics' board of directors to eight members and to elect three new
directors.

     
Micron Electronics' board consulted with Micron Electronics' senior
management as well as its legal counsel and financial advisors in reaching its
decision.
The following are among the reasons why the Micron Electronics' board
believes that the merger will benefit Micron Electronics:

     - the acquisition of Interland will provide the opportunity to strengthen
       HostPro's position within the small and medium enterprise market.
The
       combination of the two companies will enable the combined company to
       become a leading provider of business-class hosting to this market, with
       one of the broadest portfolios of managed hosting and value-added
       services;

     - Micron Electronics had begun the process of transforming itself from a
       traditional PC manufacturer to an Internet-focused company over two years
       ago.
The merger will enable Micron Electronics to focus its resources on
       the growth opportunities of the Web hosting business rather than the
       mature PC Systems business.

     - the addition of Interland's Atlanta data center will provide the combined
       company with a nationwide infrastructure.
A data center presence on both
       the east and west coasts, along with nationwide technical support
       capabilities, will enable the combined company to provide more services
       to customers, such as content mirroring, facilities disaster recovery,
       and the ability to expand hours of customer service operations;

     - Interland has developed strategic distribution channel relationships with
       companies such as Verizon, International Profit Associates and Road
       Runner.
These channel partners, along with broader product offerings,
       will provide the combined company an opportunity to accelerate sales
       growth;

     - the belief that the combined company can take advantage of the benefits
       of an integrated management team, streamlined operations and strengthened
       infrastructure; and

     - management's belief that the consolidation of the hosting industry will
       enable businesses with substantial resources and scale to effectively
       compete in the future in cost structure and service offerings.

     
In the course of its deliberations, the Micron Electronics board, with
Micron Electronics senior management, reviewed and considered a number of other
factors relevant to the merger.
In particular, the Micron Electronics board
considered, among other things:

     - information concerning the parties' respective businesses, prospects,
       financial performance and condition, operations and present and planned
       service offerings;

     - prospects of increasing revenues after the merger;

     - the costs expected to be incurred in connection with the merger, in
       future quarters, including merger-related costs and potential costs or
       charges to combine operations;

     - reports from senior management as to the results of the due diligence
       investigation of Interland and as to the merits, risks and strategic
       importance of the merger;

     - current market conditions and historical trading information with respect
       to both companies' common stock;

     - the opinion of CIBC World Markets delivered March 22, 2001, that, as of
       such date, the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to
       the holders of Micron Electronics common stock;

     - comparable merger transactions; and

     - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement taken as a whole.

     
The Micron Electronics board also considered a variety of potentially
negative factors in deliberating the merits of the proposed merger, including
but not limited to:

     - the uncertainty of Interland's future revenues;

     - the potential dilutive effect of the issuance of Micron Electronics stock
       in the merger;

     - the risk that relationships with customers would be disrupted in
       implementing the merger and the potential detrimental impact on revenues;

     - risks associated with the closing condition that Micron Electronics enter
       an agreement to sell or begin to exit its PC Systems business prior to
       the merger closing, particularly in light of the amount of historic
       revenues contributed by the PC Systems business to Micron Electronics;

     - risks of making the pre-closing bridge loan to Interland, especially if
       the merger fails to close;

     - the risk of an upward adjustment to the exchange ratio in favor of
       Interland if there is a shortfall in Micron Electronics' projected cash
       at the merger closing;

     - the risk that the contemplated cash distribution to Micron Electronics'
       shareholders resulting from net Excess Cash at the merger closing or
       receipt of Net Proceeds from a sale of the PC Systems business would be
       zero;

     - the difficulty of managing separate operations at different geographic
       locations;

     - the risk that key technical and management personnel of Interland might
       not be retained after the merger;

     - the possibility that some of the benefits sought to be obtained through
       the merger may not be realized; and

     - the other risks described under "Risk Factors" above.

     
The Micron Electronics board of directors concluded that, on balance, the
potential benefits to Micron Electronics and its shareholders of the merger
outweighed the risks associated with the merger.

     
The Micron Electronics board of directors does not intend the discussion of
information and factors that it considered to be exhaustive, but believes the
discussion includes the material factors that it considered.
In view of the
complexity and wide variety of information and factors, both positive and
negative, that it considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger,
the Micron Electronics board of directors did not find it practicable to, and
did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination.
In addition, individual members of the
Micron Electronics board of directors may have given different weight to
different factors.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE MICRON ELECTRONICS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MICRON ELECTRONICS BELIEVES THAT THE MERGER AND
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE ISSUANCE OF THE SHARES OF MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON
STOCK IN THE MERGER, THE AMENDMENT OF THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS,
THE INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF THE MICRON ELECTRONICS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE
ELECTION OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF, MICRON ELECTRONICS AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS.
IN CONNECTION WITH THE
MERGER, THE MICRON ELECTRONICS' BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS TO ITS SHAREHOLDERS
THAT THEY VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSALS DESCRIBED IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

     
In considering the recommendation of the Micron Electronics board of
directors with respect to the proposals, you should be aware that some directors
and officers of Micron Electronics have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Micron Electronics
shareholders generally.
Please see the section entitled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Interests of certain persons in the merger" on page 68.


INTERLAND'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     
In the latter half of 2000, dramatic changes in the capital markets made
debt and equity financing more difficult to obtain, particularly for Internet
and technology-based companies such as Interland.
Interland's growth strategy
from its founding had been to build market share as quickly as possible, which
entailed incurring significant operating losses.
The impact of operating losses
on Interland's cash position is demonstrated by its cash position of $96.4
million on July 31, 2000 after its July 2000 initial public offering, as
compared to $78.6 million at September 30, 2000 and $56.3 million at December
31, 2000.

     
Given the sensitivity of Interland's growth strategy to the continued
availability of additional capital, Interland's management determined in the
fall of 2000 that, in conjunction with its efforts to accelerate the company's
pathway to profitability, it would be prudent to proceed to fully consider and
pursue any financing or other strategic alternatives that might be available to
enhance shareholder value.
At a meeting of Interland's board of directors on
March 22 - 23, 2001, the directors present at the meeting voted to enter into
the merger agreement and to recommend that Interland's shareholders vote to
approve the merger and approve and adopt the merger agreement.

     
The decision of the Interland directors to enter into the merger agreement,
and to recommend that Interland shareholders approve the merger and approve and
adopt the merger agreement, was the result of their careful consideration of a
range of strategic alternatives, including the pursuit of a long-term
independent business strategy for Interland.

     
In the course of reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement, the
Interland board of directors consulted with:

     - Interland's management, regarding the business and financial condition of
       Interland, trends and competitors in the Web and applications hosting
       industry, Interland management's due diligence investigation of Micron
       Electronics' business and the terms and other conditions of the proposed
       merger;

     - Bear Stearns, Interland's financial advisor, regarding the financial
       aspects of the proposed transaction and the fairness, from a financial
       point of view, to holders of Interland common stock of the exchange ratio
       in the merger; and

     - Interland's legal counsel regarding the proposed terms of the transaction
       and the obligations of the members of the Interland board in its
       consideration of the proposed transaction.

     
In reaching its decision, the Interland board considered the following
information and positive factors:

     - the risks associated with continuing to execute Interland's strategic
       growth plan as an independent entity as an alternative to the merger,
       including, among others, risks associated with remaining independent
       amidst industry-wide slowdown, consolidation and competition;

     - the difficulties in pursuing additional debt or equity financing and the
       potential for substantial dilution in light of recent disruptions in the
       capital markets, particularly at a time when additional financing is
       increasingly necessary for Interland to pursue its growth strategy and
       business plan, in conjunction with Micron Electronics' strong liquidity
       position and ability to provide a $10.0 - 20.0 million loan prior to the
       closing of the merger, which would be particularly important if volatile
       capital market conditions continue;

     - the combination of the similar operations and strategy of the HostPro
       business with Interland's operations to create a broader company with
       extended reach, greater financial, human and

       technological resources, and because of the depth of its resources,
       enhanced future operating flexibility and increased opportunity for
       growth;

     - the possibility of achieving substantial operational synergies and
       economies of scale through the combination of Interland's sales force
       with Micron Electronics' national data center network, the opportunity to
       eliminate operational and administrative redundancies, and increased
       purchasing power with equipment and internet connectivity providers;

     - the ability of the combined companies to withstand operating losses
       pending execution of their business strategies following the merger,
       given their combined financial condition including the low debt levels;

     - the financial and other terms and conditions of the merger agreement and
       the merger, including the contractual grant of proportionate
       representation of Interland shareholders on the board of directors of
       Micron Electronics following the closing and the provision for an interim
       loan to Interland by Micron Electronics after June 30, 2001 if the merger
       has not closed by that time;

     - the opportunity for the holders of Interland common stock to receive a
       premium over the trading value of Interland common stock on March 22,
       2001, the last day of trading before the announcement of the merger,
       while at the same time allowing these shareholders to participate in a
       larger and more diversified company and, as shareholders of the combined
       company, to benefit from any future growth of the combined company;

     - the exchange ratio, which will enable the Interland shareholders to own
       at least approximately 30% of the outstanding stock of the combined
       company following the merger;

     - the oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, of Bear Stearns
       delivered March 23, 2001, that, as of such date, the exchange ratio is
       fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Interland common
       stock (see the section entitled "Opinion of Interland's financial
       advisor");

     - the ability of the board of directors to continue to receive unsolicited
       inquiries and proposals regarding other potential business combinations,
       negotiate and give information to third parties making such unsolicited
       proposals, and subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions, in
       the exercise of its fiduciary duties, withdraw or modify its
       recommendation to the Interland shareholders regarding the merger and, if
       Interland shareholders were then to reject the merger, enter into an
       agreement with respect to a more favorable transaction with a third
       party, subject to the payment of a termination fee to Micron Electronics;

     - the ability to complete the merger as a reorganization for United States
       federal income tax purposes in which Interland shareholders generally
       will not recognize any gain or loss, except for any gain or loss
       recognized in connection with cash received for a fractional share of
       Micron Electronics' common stock;

     - the headquarters of the combined company will be in Atlanta, Georgia, for
       a period of at least 18 months after the closing of the merger; and

     - the adoption of the Interland name by Micron Electronics following the
       merger and the survival and possible growth of the Interland brand.

     
The Interland directors also considered potentially negative factors
relating to the merger, including:

     - the possibility that other transactions by Micron Electronics could delay
       or inhibit the completion of the merger, including Micron Electronics'
       possible sale of the PC Systems business prior to the closing, or
       commencement of the wind down of the PC Systems business by that date to
       satisfy Interland's closing condition, and the sale of SpecTek;

     - the possibility that costs associated with the Micron Electronics'
       operation or sale of or exit from the PC Systems business could result in
       Micron Electronics having substantially less cash available

       than anticipated upon the closing of the merger, which could jeopardize
       the combined company's ability to adequately fund its operations;

     - the possibility that the settlement of existing litigation, claims or
       assessments against Micron Electronics could result in a material use of
       existing cash, which could inhibit the combined company's ability to
       adequately fund its operations;

     - the difficulties and risks in integrating the two geographically and
       operationally diverse companies from technological, operational,
       marketing, and administrative perspectives; and

     - the interests of some executive officers and directors, including Ken
       Gavranovic becoming the vice chairman and chief technical officer of the
       combined company upon the closing of the merger and the acceleration of
       vesting of stock options of some of the officers and directors of
       Interland.

     
Based in part on (1) the oral opinion presented by Bear Stearns to the
Interland board of directors during its meeting, indicating that subject to the
conditions, assumptions and limitations contained in their opinion, the proposed
exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Interland
shareholders and (2) the Interland board of directors' belief that the
transaction with Micron Electronics was an attractive offer that would in all
likelihood be lost if Interland pursued the possibility of an offer by the other
company, the Interland board of directors determined that in its view the merger
with Micron Electronics offered the best value reasonably available for
Interland's shareholders at that time, and then approved the merger agreement
and the ancillary agreements and recommended that it be approved and adopted by
the shareholders of Interland.

     
Interland's board of directors concluded that the potential benefits of the
merger to Interland and its shareholders outweighed the risks associated with
the merger.
Interland's board of directors does not intend the foregoing
discussion of information and factors that it considered to be exhaustive, but
believes the discussion includes the material factors that it considered.
In
view of the complexity and wide variety of information and factors, both
positive and negative, that it considered in connection with its evaluation of
the merger, Interland's board of directors did not find it practicable to
quantify or otherwise assign relative or specific weights to the specific
factors that it considered in reaching its determination.
In addition,
individual members of the Interland board of directors may have given different
weight to different factors.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE INTERLAND BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF INTERLAND BELIEVES THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER
ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF INTERLAND AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS TO ITS SHAREHOLDERS THAT THEY VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSAL TO
APPROVE THE MERGER AND APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     
In considering the recommendation of the board of directors of Interland
with respect to the merger agreement and merger, you should be aware that some
directors and officers of Interland have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of the shareholders of
their company generally.
Please see the section titled "The Merger and Related
Transactions -- Interests of certain persons in the merger" on page 68.


OPINION OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Micron Electronics engaged CIBC World Markets to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the merger.
In connection with this
engagement, Micron Electronics requested that CIBC World Markets evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Micron Electronics
common stock of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger.
On March 22,
2001, at a meeting of the board of directors of Micron Electronics held to
evaluate the merger, CIBC World Markets rendered an oral opinion, which opinion
was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 22, 2001, to the
effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to the
matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Micron Electronics common stock.

     
The full text of CIBC World Markets' written opinion dated March 22, 2001,
which describes the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex
B. CIBC World Markets' opinion is addressed to the board of directors of Micron
Electronics and relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view.
The opinion does not address any other aspect of the
merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to any
matters relating to the merger.
The summary of CIBC World Markets' opinion
described below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
its opinion.
Holders of Micron Electronics common stock are urged to read the
opinion carefully in its entirety.

     
In arriving at its opinion, CIBC World Markets:

     - reviewed the merger agreement;

     - reviewed audited financial statements of Micron Electronics for the
       fiscal years ended August 31, 1999 and August 31, 2000 and unaudited
       financial statements for the three-month period ended November 30, 2000
       and audited financial statements of Interland for fiscal years ended
       December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1999 and unaudited financial
       statements for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2000;

     - reviewed unaudited financial statements of Interland for the three-month
       period ended December 31, 2000;

     - reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics and
       Interland internal financial forecasts prepared by Micron Electronics and
       Interland management relating to Micron Electronics and Interland and
       certain other financial and business information relating to Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed historical market prices and trading volume for Micron
       Electronics common stock and Interland common stock;

     - held discussions with the senior managements of Micron Electronics and
       Interland with respect to the businesses and prospects for future growth
       of Micron Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available financial data for
       certain companies CIBC World Markets deemed comparable to Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available information for
       transactions that CIBC World Markets deemed comparable to the merger;

     - performed discounted cash flow analyses of Micron Electronics and
       Interland using certain assumptions of future performance provided to or
       discussed with CIBC World Markets by the managements of Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - reviewed public information concerning Micron Electronics and Interland;
       and

     - performed such other analyses and reviewed such other information as CIBC
       World Markets deemed appropriate.

     
In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets relied on and assumed, without
independent verification or investigation, the accuracy and completeness of all
of the financial and other information that Micron Electronics, Interland and
their respective employees, representatives and affiliates provided to CIBC
World Markets.
With respect to internal forecasts relating to Micron Electronics
and Interland, all of which were prepared by and reviewed and discussed with the
managements of Micron Electronics and Interland, respectively, CIBC World
Markets assumed, at the discretion of the managements of Micron Electronics and
Interland, without independent verification or investigation, that the forecasts
were prepared on bases reflecting the best available estimates and judgments as
to the future financial condition and operating results of Micron Electronics
and Interland.
With respect to estimated costs related to sales or dispositions
of assets of Micron Electronics, CIBC World Markets relied solely upon estimates
of

Micron Electronics management.
In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets
assumed that the exchange ratio at the time of the closing will be 0.8610,
without any adjustments whether because of cash shortfalls, high reserves
related to the PC Systems or SpecTek businesses or any other reason.
CIBC World
Markets assumed with Micron Electronics' consent that, in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals for the merger, no
limitations, restrictions or conditions will be imposed that would have a
material adverse effect on Micron Electronics, Interland or the contemplated
benefits to Micron Electronics of the merger.

     
In light of the anticipated dispositions of the SpecTek and PC Systems
businesses, CIBC World Markets based its analysis of the value of Micron
Electronics solely on the value of the HostPro business, plus an assumed $200
million in cash at closing, without adding or deducting any additional amounts
for the value or potential liabilities of the SpecTek or PC Systems businesses.

CIBC World Markets did not make or obtain any independent evaluations or
appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Micron Electronics, Interland or
affiliated entities.
CIBC World Markets expressed no opinion as to Micron
Electronics' or Interland's underlying valuation, future performance or
long-term viability, or the price at which Micron Electronics common stock would
trade at the time of or after announcement or consummation of the merger.
CIBC
World Markets' opinion was necessarily based on the information available to
CIBC World Markets and general economic, financial and stock market conditions
and circumstances as they existed and could be evaluated by CIBC World Markets
as of the date of its opinion.
Although subsequent developments may affect its
opinion, CIBC World Markets does not have any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its opinion.
Micron Electronics imposed no other instructions or
limitations on CIBC World Markets with respect to the investigations made or the
procedures followed by it in rendering its opinion.

     
This summary is not a complete description of CIBC World Markets' opinion
to the board of directors of Micron Electronics or the financial analyses
performed and factors considered by CIBC World Markets in connection with its
opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytical process
involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
summary description.
CIBC World Markets believes that its analyses and this
summary must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format,
without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes
underlying CIBC World Markets' analyses and opinion.

     
In performing its analyses, CIBC World Markets considered industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters existing as of the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond
Micron Electronics' and Interland's control.
No company, transaction or business
used in the analyses as a comparison is identical to Micron Electronics,
Interland or the merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is
not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations
and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other
factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, business segments or transactions analyzed.

     
The estimates contained in CIBC World Markets' analysis and the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by its analyses.
In addition, analyses relating
to the value of businesses or securities do not necessarily purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually
may be sold.
Accordingly, CIBC World Markets' analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

     
The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger was determined
through negotiation between Micron Electronics and Interland and the decision to
enter into the merger was solely that of the board of directors of Micron
Electronics.
CIBC World Markets' opinion and financial analyses were only one of
many factors considered by the board of directors of Micron Electronics in its
evaluation of the

merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Micron
Electronics board of directors or management with respect to the merger or the
exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
CIBC World Markets' opinion to the board of directors of Micron Electronics in
connection with the merger.
The financial analyses summarized below include
information presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand CIBC World
Markets' financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of
each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.
Considering the data in the tables below without considering
the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of CIBC World Markets' financial analyses.


Implied exchange ratio analysis

     Using the results derived for Micron Electronics and Interland from the
"Selected companies analysis," "Selected precedent transactions analysis,"
"Discounted cash flow analysis" and "Contribution analysis" described below,
CIBC World Markets calculated an implied exchange ratio reference range for each
analysis.
CIBC World Markets then compared the implied exchange ratio reference
range derived from each analysis to the exchange ratio provided for in the
merger.
This analysis indicated the following approximate implied exchange ratio
reference ranges, as compared to the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.861x:

                                                              IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO RANGE
                                                              ----------------------------

Interland selected companies analysis with control
  premium/Micron Electronics selected companies analysis....       0.8508x - 1.2986x
Interland selected precedent transactions analysis /Micron
  Electronics selected companies analysis...................       0.6082x - 0.9284x
Interland discounted cash flow analysis/Micron Electronics
  discounted cash flow analysis.............................       0.5533x - 1.0904x
Contribution analysis.......................................       0.5682x - 0.8604x

     The "Selected companies analysis," "Selected precedent transactions
analysis," "Discounted cash flow analysis" and "Contribution analysis" performed
by CIBC World Markets for purposes of its "Implied exchange ratio analysis" are
described below:

Selected companies analysis

     CIBC World Markets compared financial and stock market information for
Interland and the following five selected publicly held companies in the Web
hosting industry:

         WEB HOSTING
         - Data Return Corporation
         - Digex Inc.
         - Globix Corp.
         - Interliant, Inc.
         - NaviSite, Inc.

     CIBC World Markets compared financial and stock market information for
Micron Electronics and the following nineteen publicly held companies in the Web
hosting industry, connectivity industry or PC hardware industry:

          WEB HOSTING
          - Data Return Corporation
          - Digex, Incorporated
          - Globix Corporation
          - Interland, Inc.
          - Interliant, Inc.
          - NaviSite, Inc.

          - Applied Theory Corporation
          - CAIS Internet, Inc.
          - Genuity Inc.
          - Pilot Network Services, Inc.
          - PSINet Inc.
          - Savvis Communications Corporation
          - VIA NET.WORKS, Inc.

          PC HARDWARE
          - Apple Computer, Inc.
          - Compaq Computer Corporation
          - Dell Computer Corporation
          - Gateway, Inc.
          - Hewlett-Packard Company
          - International Business Machines Corporation

     CIBC World Markets reviewed enterprise values as multiples of estimated
calendar years 2001 and 2002 revenues.
All multiples were based on closing stock
prices as of March 21, 2001.
Estimated financial data for the selected companies
were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates as of that date.

Estimated financial data for Micron Electronics and Interland were based on
internal forecasts prepared by Micron Electronics and Interland management,
respectively.

     
For Interland, CIBC World Markets applied a range of selected multiples
derived from the selected companies of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002
revenue to corresponding financial data of Interland in order to derive implied
equity reference ranges for Interland.
This analysis indicated an implied equity
reference range for Interland of approximately $2.08 to $2.84 per share.
CIBC
World Markets also applied a control premium of 40% to this reference range to
approximate a takeover valuation.
The control premium used was on the low end of
the range of takeover premiums in the selected precedent transactions analysis.

Applying a control premium indicated an implied equity reference range for
Interland of approximately $2.91 to $3.98 per share.

     
For Micron Electronics, CIBC World Markets valued each constituent business
of Micron Electronics separately: Web hosting, connectivity and hardware resale,
to account for the fact that each business was being valued at substantially
different multiples of revenue in the market.
CIBC World Markets applied a range
of selected multiples derived from the Web hosting, connectivity and PC hardware
groups of selected companies of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002 revenue
to corresponding financial data of the Web hosting component of Micron
Electronics' business, the connectivity component and the PC hardware resale
component.
CIBC World Markets multiplied the PC hardware multiples by 10% to
account for the lower margin realized by hardware resellers as compared to
hardware manufacturers.
The resulting enterprise values of the three constituent
businesses were then added together, which indicated an implied equity reference
range for Micron Electronics of $3.06 to $3.42 per share.

     
Selected precedent transactions analysis.
CIBC World Markets reviewed the
purchase prices and implied transaction multiples in the following 13 selected
transactions in the Web hosting industry:

                       ACQUIROR                                     TARGET
                       --------                                     ------

- - Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc.                        
SiteSmith, Inc.
- - Allegiance Telecom, Inc.                              Virtualis Systems, Inc.
- - Exodus Communications, Inc.                           GlobalCenter Inc.
- - WorldCom, Inc.                                        Intermedia Communications Inc.
- - SBC Communications Inc.                               InQuent Inc.
- - InterNAP Network Services Corporation                 CO Space, Inc.
- - NTT Communications Corporation                        Verio, Inc.
- - Nextlink Communications Inc.                          Concentric Network Corporation
- - McLeodUSA Incorporated                                Splitrock Services Inc.
- - Concentric Network Corporation                        9 Net Avenue, Inc.
- - Firstworld Communications Inc.                        Slip.net, Inc.
- - Qwest Communications International Inc.               Icon CMT Corp.
- - Verio, Inc.                                           Hiway Technologies Inc.

     CIBC World Markets reviewed transaction values in the selected transactions
as a multiple of one-year forward and two-year forward revenue.
All multiples
for the selected transactions were based on publicly available information at
the time of announcement of the particular transaction.
These multiples were
then discounted by 90% to account for currently depressed market conditions in
the Web hosting industry, where many companies from the selected companies
analysis were trading at over a 90% discount to the 52-week high of their
respective trading ranges.
Estimated financial data for Interland was based on
internal forecasts prepared by Interland management.
CIBC World Markets then
applied a range of selected multiples derived from the selected transactions of
one-year forward and two-year forward revenue to corresponding financial data of
Interland in order to derive implied equity reference ranges for Interland.
This
analysis indicated an implied equity reference range for Interland of
approximately $2.08 to $2.84 per share.


Discounted cash flow analysis

     CIBC World Markets performed separate discounted cash flow analyses for
each of Micron Electronics and Interland to estimate the present value of the
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Micron Electronics and Interland each
could generate over fiscal years 2001 through 2005.
Estimated financial data for
Micron Electronics and Interland were based on internal forecasts prepared by
Micron Electronics and Interland management, respectively, which CIBC World
Markets reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics and
Interland.
CIBC World Markets calculated a range of estimated EBITDA terminal
values by applying terminal value multiples ranging from 10.0x to 12.0x to
Micron Electronics' and Interland's projected fiscal year 2005 EBITDA.
The
present value of the cash flows and terminal values were calculated using a
discount rate of 25% to 30%.
This analysis indicated an implied equity reference
range for Micron Electronics of approximately $8.69 to $11.53 per share and an
implied equity reference range for Interland of approximately $6.38 to $9.47 per
share.


Contribution analysis

     CIBC World Markets analyzed the relative contributions of Micron
Electronics and Interland to the combined company's fiscal 2000 and estimated
fiscal years 2001 and 2002 Web hosting revenue.
Estimated financial data for
Micron Electronics and Interland were based on internal forecasts prepared by
Micron Electronics and Interland management, respectively, which CIBC World
Markets reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics and
Interland.
This analysis indicated implied contribution reference ranges of
approximately 77.9% to 70.0% pro forma equity ownership for Micron Electronics
and approximately 22.1% to 30.0% pro forma equity ownership for Interland, as
compared to the pro forma equity ownership in the combined company immediately
upon consummation of the merger for the holders

of Micron Electronics common stock of approximately 70% and for the holders of
Interland common stock of approximately 30%.


Other factors

     In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets also reviewed and considered
other factors, including:

     - selected research analysts' reports for Micron Electronics and Interland,
       including stock price estimates of those analysts;

     - the 52-week historical trading ranges for Micron Electronics common stock
       and Interland common stock;

     - the relationship between movements in Micron Electronics common stock and
       Interland common stock, movements in the common stock of selected
       companies in the Web hosting industry and movements in the Nasdaq
       National Market Index; and

     - the potential pro forma financial impact of the merger on Micron
       Electronics and Interland based on internal forecasts prepared by Micron
       Electronics and Interland management, respectively, which CIBC World
       Markets reviewed and discussed with the managements of Micron Electronics
       and Interland.


Miscellaneous

     Micron Electronics selected CIBC World Markets based on CIBC World Markets'
reputation, expertise and familiarity with Micron Electronics and its business.

CIBC World Markets is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and,
as a customary part of its investment banking business, is regularly engaged in
valuations of businesses and securities in connection with acquisitions and
mergers, underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private
placements and valuations for other purposes.
CIBC World Markets has in the past
provided services to Micron Technology unrelated to the merger, for which
services CIBC World Markets has received compensation.
In the ordinary course of
business, CIBC World Markets and its affiliates may actively trade the
securities of Micron Electronics and Interland for their own account and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in those securities.

     
Micron Electronics has agreed to pay CIBC World Markets for its financial
advisory services upon consummation of the merger an aggregate fee equal to a
percentage of the total consideration, including liabilities assumed, payable in
the merger.
It is currently estimated that the aggregate fee payable to CIBC
World Markets will be approximately $2.6 million.
In addition, Micron
Electronics has agreed to reimburse CIBC World Markets for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of its legal
counsel, and to indemnify CIBC World Markets and related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating
to, or arising out of, its engagement.


OPINION OF INTERLAND'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

Overview

     Interland engaged Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. as its financial advisor based
on Bear Stearns' experience and expertise in similar transactions.
Bear Stearns
is an internationally recognized investment banking firm.
Bear Stearns, as part
of its investment banking business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of
businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

     
At the March 23, 2001 meeting of the Interland board of directors, Bear
Stearns rendered its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing,
to the effect that, as of that date and based on upon qualifications,
assumptions, limitations and other matters set forth in the written opinion, the
exchange

ratio provided for in the agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to
holders of Interland common stock.

     
The full text of Bear Stearns' written opinion, which sets for the
assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the
review undertaken by Bear Stearns, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference.
The summary of the Bear
Stearns opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the opinion.
INTERLAND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE BEAR
STEARNS OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY.
In reading the discussions of the Bear Stearns
opinion set forth below, Interland shareholders should be aware that the
opinion:

     - was provided to the Interland board of directors for its benefit and use
       in connection with its consideration as to whether the exchange ratio was
       fair, from a financial point of view, to the shareholders of Interland;

     - did not constitute a recommendation to the board of directors of
       Interland in connection with the merger;

     - did not constitute a recommendation to any holders of Interland common
       stock as to how to vote in connection with the merger;

     - did not address Interland's underlying business decision to pursue the
       merger, the relative merits of the merger as compared to alternative
       business strategies that might exist for Interland or the effects of any
       other transaction in which Interland might engage; and

     - did not express any opinion as to the price or range of prices at which
       the shares of common stock of Interland and Micron Electronics would
       trade subsequent to the announcement of the restructuring and the merger
       or as to the price or range of prices at which the shares of common stock
       of Micron Electronics may trade subsequent to the consummation of the
       restructuring and the merger.

     
Although Bear Stearns evaluated the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the exchange ratio to the shareholders of Interland, the exchange ratio
itself was determined at arms-length negotiations.
Bear Stearns provided advice
to Interland during the course of such negotiations as requested by the Board of
Directors.
Interland did not provide specific instructions to, or place any
procedures to be followed or factors to be considered by, Bear Stearns in
performing its analyses or providing its opinion.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns, among other things:

     - reviewed the merger agreement between Interland and Micron Electronics;

     - reviewed Interland's (1) Annual Report for the year ended December 31,
       2000, (2) Registration Statement on Form S-1 which became effective on
       July 24, 2000 and the Prospectus contained therein, (3) unaudited
       financial results for the two months ended February, 28, 2001 and (4)
       reports on Form 8-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and through
       March 23, 2001;

     - reviewed Micron Electronics' (1) Annual Report for the year ended August
       31, 2000, (2) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended November
       30, 2000, (3) unaudited financial results for the two months ended
       January 31, 2001 and (4) reports on Form 8-K for the three years ended
       December 31, 2000 and through March 23, 2001;

     - reviewed certain operating and financial information, including
       projections for the three years ending December 31, 2003, prepared and
       provided to Bear Stearns by Interland's management relating to
       Interland's business and prospects on a standalone basis;

     - reviewed certain operating and financial information, including
       projections for the three years ending August 31, 2003, prepared and
       provided to Bear Stearns by Micron Electronics' management relating to
       Micron Electronics' business and prospects on a standalone basis giving
       effect to the restructuring;

     - reviewed certain estimates of cost savings and other combination benefits
       expected to result from the merger, prepared and provided to Bear Stearns
       by Interland's management;

     - met with certain members of the senior management of Interland and Micron
       Electronics to discuss each company's respective business, operations,
       historical and projected financial results and future prospects;

     - reviewed the historical prices, trading multiples and trading volumes of
       the common stock of Interland and Micron Electronics;

     - reviewed publicly available financial data, stock market performance data
       and trading multiples of companies which Bear Stearns deemed generally
       comparable to Interland and Micron Electronics;

     - reviewed the terms of recent merger and acquisition transactions of
       companies which Bear Stearns deemed generally comparable to Interland;

     - reviewed the pro forma financial results, financial condition and
       capitalization of Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect
       to the restructuring and merger; and

     - conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as
       Bear Stearns deemed appropriate.

     
In preparing its opinion, Bear Stearns relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the financial and
other information, including without limitation the financial projections and
estimated combination benefits, provided to Bear Stearns by Interland and Micron
Electronics.
With respect to the financial projections and estimated combination
benefits, Bear Stearns assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the senior
managements of Interland and Micron Electronics as to the expected future
performance of Interland and Micron Electronics on a standalone basis and of
Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect to the restructuring and
the merger.
Bear Stearns further assumed the accuracy of and relied upon
information provided by Micron Electronics' management relating to (1) cost
estimates relating to effecting the restructuring, (2) the impact of the
restructuring on Micron Electronics' financial statements and projections and
(3) the timing of the restructuring.
Bear Stearns did not assume any
responsibility for the independent verification of any such information or of
the financial projections, synergy estimates and information relating to the
restructuring provided to Bear Stearns, and Bear Stearns further relied upon the
assurances of the senior managements of Interland and Micron Electronics that
they are unaware of any facts that would make the information, financial
projections, synergy estimates and information relating to the restructuring
provided to Bear Stearns incomplete or misleading.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns did not perform or obtain any
independent appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Interland and Micron
Electronics, nor was Bear Stearns furnished with any such appraisals.
Bear
Stearns assumed that the merger will:

     - qualify as a tax-free "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
       368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

     - be consummated without any regulatory limitations, restrictions,
       conditions, amendments or modifications that collectively would have a
       material effect on Interland and Micron Electronics on a standalone basis
       or on Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect to the
       restructuring and the merger.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material valuation, financial and
comparative analyses considered by Bear Stearns in connection with the rendering
of its opinion.
This summary does not purport to be a complete description of
the analyses underlying the Bear Stearns opinion.

     
Bear Stearns' opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other
conditions, and the information made available to Bear Stearns, as of the date
of the opinion.
In performing its analyses, Bear Stearns made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Bear Stearns,

Interland and Micron Electronics.
Any estimates contained in the analyses
performed by Bear Stearns are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested
by such analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or
securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
such businesses or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, such analyses
and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.


Summary of reviews and analyses

     The following is a summary of the material reviews and financial and
valuation analyses presented by Bear Stearns to Interland's board of directors
at its meeting held on March 23, 2001.
In order to understand fully the reviews
and financial valuation analyses used by Bear Stearns, any information presented
in tabular format must be read together with the text of each summary.
The
tables alone do not represent a complete description of any such reviews or
financial and valuation analyses.


Situation analysis

     Bear Stearns updated the Interland board of directors on various recent
developments in the U.S. capital markets and the telecom sector.
Bear Stearns
also reviewed the solicitation efforts it had undertaken relating to a potential
sale of Interland, which efforts culminated in the agreement to merge with
Micron Electronics.

     
U.S. capital markets overview.
Bear Stearns reviewed the current state of
the U.S. equity and debt capital markets and observed that the U.S. equity
markets have been extremely challenging over the past year and particularly
since September 1, 2000.
Bear Stearns noted that U.S. equity markets have
experienced high levels of volatility with rapid and extreme changes in
valuations.
Specifically, Bear Stearns observed that the Nasdaq composite index
closed at 4,234.33 on September 1, 2000 and closed at 1,890.91 at March 16,
2001, a decline of 55.3%.
In addition, U.S. issuances of equity and
equity-linked securities for the telecom sector declined from $1.7 billion in
March 2000 to virtually none in March 2001.
Similarly, the U.S. market
conditions for high yield and investment grade debt were also very difficult in
2000, but have experienced some recovery during the first part of 2001.
The
spread over U.S. Treasurys (i.e., the difference between average yields on U.S.
Treasurys and average yield-to-worst levels for high yield bonds) fell from 941
basis points in mid-December 2000 to 791 basis points on March 16, 2001.
Bear
Stearns noted, however, that the high yield market continues to remain closed
for smaller, first-time issuers.

     
Telecom sector overview.
Bear Stearns noted that stock prices across
various sub-sectors of the telecommunications and data services sectors had
declined substantially over the past year, and particularly since September 1,
2000.
Since September 1, 2000, indicies of Web hosting companies, integrated
communications providers/competitive local exchange carriers and the
long-distance carriers had declined approximately 85.3%, 52.4% and 38.8%,
respectively.
Bear Stearns further noted that many of Interland's competitors,
generally the smaller, more capital-constrained Web hosting companies, had seen
their stock prices trade down to "distressed" levels.
Such stock price declines
had been driven by missed earnings targets for the third and fourth quarters of
2000, reduced guidance for 2001 financial targets and by the lack of access to
debt or equity capital markets for all but the highest quality issuers.

     
Bear Stearns further noted that GST Telecommunications, Inc., ICG
Communications, Inc. and NorthPoint Communications Group, Inc.
each had filed
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in recent months and that many other new
entrant providers of telecommunications services were on the brink of a severe
liquidity crisis as of mid-March 2001.

     
Summary of Interland solicitation efforts.
Bear Stearns reviewed the
efforts it had undertaken related to a potential sale of Interland.
Bear Stearns
noted that it had contacted 22 public companies about the sale of, or business
combination with, Interland, and the only parties that expressed any interest
were Micron Electronics and one other party (see section entitled "Background of
the Merger" above).

     
Business and financial overviews.
Bear Stearns conducted a review of the
historical and projected financial results and financial condition of Interland
and Micron Electronics on a stand-alone basis and of Micron Electronics on a pro
forma basis giving effect to the restructuring and the merger.

     
Interland.
Bear Stearns reviewed Interland's recent historical operating
and financial results and projected operating and financial results through
December 31, 2003.
Bear Stearns observed that since July 2000, at the time of
Interland's initial public offering, Interland management had made significant
reductions to its estimates for revenue and earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, referred to as EBITDA, for the 2001-2003 period.

Bear Stearns noted further that Interland's actual revenue and EBITDA
performance for the two-month period ended February 28, 2001 was below such
recently reduced revenue and EBITDA estimates referenced above.
Bear Stearns
also observed that Interland was not fully funded based on its most recent
projections, and that, given recent financial and operating performance was
below management estimates, an even greater amount of capital may be needed
sooner than currently anticipated.
Bear Stearns reviewed Interland's potential
short-term and long-term funding sources and noted that Interland would likely
be unable to secure adequate financing for its current business plan from
external sources given current U.S. capital markets.

     
Micron Electronics.
Bear Stearns reviewed Micron Electronics' recent
historical operating and financial results and projected operating and financial
results through August 31, 2003, in each case giving effect to the
restructuring.
Bear Stearns noted that Micron Electronics' actual operating and
financial results for the two-month period ended January 31, 2001 were
relatively consistent with Micron Electronics' estimated results for such
period.
Bear Stearns also noted that, based on operating projections and on cost
estimates relating to the restructuring provided by Micron Electronics
management, Micron Electronics would have more than adequate cash balances to
fund its current business plan.

     
Micron Electronics pro forma for the merger.
Bear Stearns reviewed the
projections of Interland and Micron Electronics (giving effect to the
restructuring) and also the combination of cost savings and benefits that were
expected to result from the merger.
Bear Stearns noted that such projections
provided by Interland's and Micron Electronics' management had roughly similar
projected revenue growth rates, profit margins and mix of revenue.
Bear Stearns
further noted that expected cost savings provided by Interland management
totaled approximately $10.5 million for the third and fourth quarters of 2001
and approximately $33.8 million for 2002, while expected one-time costs to
achieve such synergies were expected to total approximately $14.5 million.
Bear
Stearns noted the significant improvement in Micron Electronics' projected
profitability and cash position as a result of such estimated cost savings as
compared to the sum of the two company's projections excluding the estimated
cost savings.


Financial and valuation analyses

     Hypothetical pro forma trading valuation analysis.
Bear Stearns calculated
a range of implied trading values per Interland common share on a pro forma
basis giving effect to the merger, the restructuring and the exchange ratio.

Bear Stearns chose a range of enterprise values of $180.0 million to $280.0
million for Interland and Micron Electronics combined on a pro forma basis.
Such
enterprise value range implies a range of enterprise value/2001 estimated
revenue multiples for Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis of approximately
1.23x to 1.91x, which compared to 1.47x for Interland on a standalone basis,
1.94x for Data Return Corp., 2.49x for Globix Corp. and a mean of 1.47x for the
smaller Web hosting companies based on closing stock prices as of March 20, 2000
(see "Analysis of comparable publicly traded Web hosting companies" below).

     
After subtracting total debt and adding excess cash balances relating to
both Interland and Micron Electronics, as well as certain other adjustments,
Bear Stearns derived an aggregate net equity value for Micron Electronics on a
pro forma basis giving effect to the merger and the restructuring.
Bear Stearns
then calculated a range of Micron Electronics pro forma per share equity values
by dividing such aggregate net equity value by the number of Micron Electronics
fully diluted common shares that would be outstanding subsequent to the merger
based on the exchange ratio.
Bear Stearns then calculated the range of implied
Interland per share values by multiplying such Micron Electronics pro forma per
share equity

values by the exchange ratio, and also compared such implied per share equity
values for Interland to Interland's closing stock price of $1.66 per share on
March 20, 2001.
A summary of such hypothetical pro forma trading valuation
analysis is provided in the table below.

                      
PRO FORMA VALUES PER INTERLAND SHARE

                                                  HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                       PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                                  ----------------------------------------
                                                  $180.0     $200.0     $240.0     $280.0
                                                  -------    
-------    -------    -------

IMPLIED 2001 REVENUE MULTIPLE...................    
1.23x      1.36x      1.64x      1.91x
PRO FORMA COMBINED EQUITY VALUE(2)..............  $335.3     $356.1     $396.1     $436.1
VALUE PER MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON SHARE(3)....  $ 2.40     $ 2.54     $ 2.83     $ 3.11
VALUE PER INTERLAND COMMON SHARE(4).............  $ 2.06     $ 2.19     $ 2.43     $ 2.68
% Premium to March 20, 2001 closing price.......    24.7%      32.1%      46.9%      61.8%

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions, except per share data.

(2) Represents enterprise value less total debt and plus excess cash of the
    combined companies.
Micron Electronics' cash contribution based on estimated
    $200.0 million at closing.

(3) Represents pro forma combined equity value divided by the number of fully
    diluted Micron Electronics common shares to be outstanding subsequent to
    merger based on the exchange ratio.

(4) Value per Micron Electronics common share multiplied by the exchange ratio
    of 0.8610.

     
Bear Stearns then calculated a range of implied Interland per share equity
values giving effect to the combination benefits discussed above (see "Micron
Electronics pro forma for the merger" above).
Bear Stearns calculated such
values based on an estimated range of annual EBITDA synergies at intervals up to
and including $30.0 million, which annual EBITDA synergies Bear Stearns
capitalized at a multiple of 10.0x.
The range of implied Interland per share
equity values based on such EBITDA synergies, and the premiums of such values to
Interland's closing stock price of $1.66 per share on March 20, 2001, is
provided in the table below.

        
PRO FORMA VALUES PER INTERLAND SHARE INCLUDING EBITDA SYNERGIES

                                      HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                           PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                      
----------------------------------------
      ASSUMED ANNUAL SYNERGIES         $180       $200       $240       $280
      ------------------------        -------    -------    -------    -------

$ 0.0...............................   $2.06      $2.19      $2.43      $2.68
  7.5...............................    2.44       2.56       2.80       3.05
 15.0...............................    2.90       3.02       3.26       3.50
 22.5...............................    3.35       3.47       3.70       3.94
 30.0...............................    3.79       3.91       4.14       4.37

                                      HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                           PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                      
----------------------------------------
      ASSUMED ANNUAL SYNERGIES         $180       $200       $240       $280
      ------------------------        -------    -------    -------    -------

$ 0.0...............................    24.7%      32.1%      46.9%      61.8%
  7.5...............................    47.1       54.5       69.3       84.0
 15.0...............................    74.8       82.1       96.7      111.1
 22.5...............................   102.2      109.3      123.6      137.8
 30.0...............................   128.9      136.1      150.0      164.0

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions, except per share data.

     
Implied and current valuations and trading multiples.
Bear Stearns reviewed
the aggregate net equity and enterprise values of Interland based on (1)
Interland's closing stock price and 20-day average stock price as of March 20,
2001 and (2) the implied pro forma per share equity values giving effect to the
merger (assuming no synergies) (see "Hypothetical pro forma trading valuation
analysis" above).
In addition, Bear Stearns compared such per share values to
Interland's recent trading prices and also calculated implied multiples of
enterprise value/estimated revenue for 2001 and 2002.
These analyses are
summarized in the table below.

                    
SUMMARY VALUATIONS AND IMPLIED MULTIPLES

                                                 INTERLAND
                                      -------------------------------   HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                           20-DAY            PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                          
CLOSE           AVERAGE       -----------------------------------------
                                      MARCH 20, 2001   MARCH 20, 2001     $180       $200       $240       $280
                                      --------------   --------------   --------   --------   --------   --------

INTERLAND STOCK PRICES.....               
$1.66            $ 1.89        $ 2.06     $ 2.19     $ 2.43     $ 2.68
INTERLAND NET EQUITY
  VALUE....................               
$79.5            $ 90.9        $ 99.2     $105.1     $116.9     $128.7
INTERLAND ENTERPRISE
  VALUE(2).................               
$95.4            $106.7        $115.0     $120.9     $132.7     $144.5
PREMIUM/(DISCOUNT) TO:
Closing Price on
  03/20/01.................  $ 1.66         0.0%             14.2%         24.7%      32.1%      46.9%      61.8%
20-Day Average.............    1.89       (12.5)              0.0           9.1       15.6       28.6       41.6
52 Week High Price.........   12.00       (86.2)            (84.2)        (82.8)     (81.8)     (79.7)     (77.7)
52 Week Low Price..........    1.38        20.5              37.6          50.2%      59.1%      77.0%      94.9%
ENTERPRISE VALUE/TOTAL
  REVENUE(2)

LQA........................                2.29x             2.56x         2.76x      2.90x      3.19x      3.47x
2001E......................                1.47              1.64          1.77       1.86       2.04       2.22
2002E......................                0.73              0.81          0.88       0.92       1.01       1.10

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions, except per share data.

(2) Enterprise value represents equity value plus debt and less excess cash.

     
Bear Stearns noted that the aforementioned range of implied pro forma
equity values per Interland common share represented meaningful premia versus
Interland's closing stock price and 20-day average stock price as of March 20,
2001 and its 52-week low closing stock price of $1.38 per share on March 16,
2001.

     
Analysis of comparable publicly traded Web hosting companies.
Bear Stearns
analyzed selected historical and projected operating information, stock market
performance data and valuation multiples for Interland and implied valuation
multiples for Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis giving effect to the
merger and the restructuring (see "Hypothetical pro forma trading valuation
analysis" and "Implied and current valuations and trading multiples" above).

Bear Stearns then compared such data to that of certain publicly traded Web
hosting companies deemed by Bear Stearns to be comparable to Interland.

Specifically, Bear Stearns calculated enterprise value/estimated 2001 revenue
multiples and enterprise value/estimated 2002 revenue multiples based on closing
stock prices as of March 20, 2001 for such comparable Web hosting companies.

Such values and multiples were based on publicly available

information, including estimates published in third-party Wall Street research
reports.
These comparable companies and their respective trading multiples are
set forth in the table below.

             COMPARABLE TRADING MULTIPLES -- WEB HOSTING COMPANIES

                                                                ENTERPRISE VALUE(1)
                                                          
--------------------------------
                                                          2001 ESTIMATED    2002 ESTIMATED
                                                             REVENUE           REVENUES
                                                          --------------    --------------

LARGER WEB HOSTING COMPANIES
  Exodus................................................       
3.63x             2.19x
  Digex.................................................       3.11              1.95

     HIGH...............................................       
3.63X             2.19X
     MEAN...............................................       3.37              2.07
     LOW................................................       3.11              1.95
SMALLER WEB HOSTING COMPANIES
  Globix................................................       2.49x             1.45x
  Data Return...........................................       1.94              1.23
  Navisite..............................................       0.83              0.45
  Interliant............................................       0.63              0.43

     HIGH...............................................       
2.49X             1.45X
     MEAN...............................................       1.47              0.89
     LOW................................................       0.63              0.43

- -------------------------
(1) Represents net equity value plus market value of debt as of March 20, 2001,
    less excess cash.

     
Bear Stearns noted that Interland and Micron Electronics on a pro forma
basis were more comparable to the smaller Web hosting companies, which
companies, in general, had lower aggregate stock market capitalizations and
lower levels of historical and projected revenue.
Such smaller comparable
companies also were, in general, more capital constrained and had recent stock
price declines greater than those incurred by the larger Web hosting companies.

     
No company utilized in the peer group comparison is identical to Interland
or Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis and, accordingly, Bear Stearns'
analysis of comparable companies necessarily involved complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and
other factors which would necessarily affect the relative values of Interland
and Micron Electronics on a pro forma basis versus the companies to which they
were compared.

     
Relative contribution analysis.
Bear Stearns also performed an analysis of
the relative contributions by Micron Electronics (as adjusted for the
restructuring) and Interland to the pro forma combined company with respect to
revenue, EBITDA without combination benefits and EBITDA with combination
benefits over the 2001 to 2003 period.
Bear Stearns' relative contribution
analysis was based upon projections provided by both Interland and Micron
Electronics management.
Bear Stearns then compared the analysis referenced above
to the relative contributions to combined enterprise value by Interland and
Micron Electronics.
Based on the range of hypothetical Micron Electronics pro
forma enterprise values and the number of Micron Electronics common shares to be
issued to the Interland shareholders based on the exchange ratio, Interland
would retain approximately 52.5% - 65.7% of the combined enterprise value and

Micron Electronics would retain 47.5% - 34.3% of the combined enterprise value.

The relative contribution analysis is summarized in the table below.

                         
RELATIVE CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS

                                                              HYPOTHETICAL RANGE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                   PRO FORMA ENTERPRISE VALUES(1)
                                                              
----------------------------------------
                                                               $180       $200       $240       $280
                                                              -------    -------    -------    -------

INTERLAND...................................................    65.7%      62.0%      56.5%      52.5%
MICRON ELECTRONICS..........................................    34.3       38.0       43.5       47.5
                                                               -----      -----      -----      -----
                                                               100.0%     100.0%     100.0%     100.0%

                                                               EBITDA WITHOUT     EBITDA WITH
                                                                COMBINATION       COMBINATION
                                            REVENUE               BENEFITS        BENEFITS(2)
                                    -----------------------    --------------    --------------
                                    2001     2002     2003     2002     2003     2002     2003
                                    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    
-----

INTERLAND.........................   
44.3%    43.5%    44.5%    33.3%    49.2%    18.2%    39.4%
MICRON ELECTRONICS................   55.7     56.5     55.5     66.7     50.8     36.5     40.8
SYNERGIES.........................     --       --       --       --       --     45.3     19.8
                                    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----    -----
                                    100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%

- -------------------------
(1) Dollars in millions.


(2) Assumes EBITDA synergies of $33.8 million in 2002 and 2003.

     
Bear Stearns noted that the relative contribution analysis was consistently
favorable to Interland.
Specifically, the portion of Micron Electronics' pro
forma enterprise value retained by Interland's shareholders (i.e., 52.5% - 65.7%
of the total) was well in excess of Interland's relative contribution to revenue
(44.3% - 44.5% of the total), to EBITDA without synergies (33.3% - 49.2%) and to
EBITDA with synergies (18.2% - 39.4%).

     
Selected precedent mergers and acquisitions transactions.
Bear Stearns
reviewed selected precedent mergers and acquisitions involving companies that,
like Interland, provide Web hosting services.
Bear Stearns made specific
reference to two directly comparable transactions in the "shared" Web hosting
space -- Nippon Telephone and Telegraph Corp.'s acquisition of Verio, Inc. in
May 2000 and XO Communication, Inc.'s acquisition of Concentric Network Corp. in
January 2000.
However, these transactions were substantially larger than the
merger ($6.4 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively) and were announced in early
and mid-2000, when the Nasdaq composite index was substantially higher than
current levels.
In addition, Verio was acquired in a cash transaction.
Other
transactions were either not directly comparable (e.g., Exodus Communications
Inc.'s acquisition of GlobalCenter Inc. (collocation) and WorldCom, Inc.'s
acquisition of Intermedia Communications Inc./Digex, Inc. (managed Web hosting))
or were announced when the Web hosting industry was in a different stage of
development (e.g., Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc./AboveNet Communications Inc.
in June 1999 and Verio/Hiway

Technologies, Inc. in November 1998).
The following table summarizes certain
relevant statistics for the precedent transactions in the Web hosting sector.

                       
PRECEDENT MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS

                                                                                 ENTERPRISE
                                                                               VALUE/REVENUE
                                                                               MULTIPLE PAID
                                                                                  BASED ON
                                                                             ------------------
                                                                             CURRENT    CURRENT
ANNOUNCEMENT DATE                       ACQUIRER/TARGET                       YEAR      YEAR +1
- -----------------                       ---------------                      -------    -------

February 15, 2001    WorldCom/Intermedia...................................     
5.4x       4.5x
September 28,
  2000               Exodus/Global Center..................................    28.9       12.3
May 28, 2000         NTT/Verio.............................................    15.5        9.4
January 10, 2000     XO/Concentric.........................................     8.4        5.0
June 22, 1999        MetroMedia/AboveNet...................................      NA         NA
November 17, 1998    Verio/Hiway Technologies..............................     6.1         NA

     Bear Stearns noted that none of the precedent mergers and acquisitions
transactions above are identical to the merger.
Bear Stearns further noted that
the analysis of precedent transactions necessarily involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that would necessarily affect the acquisition
value of Interland versus the acquisition value of any other comparable company
in general and the transactions above in particular.


Other considerations

     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves
various judgments and determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial and valuation analysis and the application of those methods
to the particular circumstances.
The opinion is, therefore, not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Bear Stearns believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
its analyses and the factors considered, without considering all of the analyses
and factors, would create a misleading and incomplete view of the processes
underlying its opinion.
Bear Stearns did not form an opinion as to whether any
individual analysis or factor, whether positive or negative, considered in
isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion.
In arriving at its
opinion, Bear Stearns did not assign any particular weight to any analysis or
factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments based upon its
experience in providing such opinions and on then-existing economic, monetary,
market and other conditions as to the significance of each analysis and factor.

In performing its analyses, Bear Stearns, at Interland's direction and
Interland's consent, made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of Interland or Bear Stearns.
Any assumed estimates
implicitly contained in Bear Stearns' opinion or relied upon by Bear Stearns in
rendering its opinion do not necessarily reflect actual values or predict future
results or values.
Any estimates relating to the value of the business or
securities do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect the prices
at which companies or securities may actually be sold.

     
Interland's board of directors retained Bear Stearns based upon Bear
Stearns' qualifications, experience and expertise.
Bear Stearns is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm that regularly engages in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
Bear Stearns has previously
rendered investment banking services to Interland and has received customary
fees for rendering these services.
In the ordinary course of its business, Bear
Stearns may actively trade the equity securities of Interland and Micron
Electronics for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and,
accordingly, at any time may hold a long or short position in such securities.

     
Pursuant to an engagement letter, Interland agreed to pay to Bear Stearns a
total advisory fee of $2.5 million upon completion of the merger.
Of this
amount, $0.5 million was payable upon Bear Stearns rendering its fairness
opinion to Interland's board of directors on March 23, 2001.
In addition,
Interland agreed to reimburse Bear Stearns for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Bear Stearns in connection with the merger, including the
reasonable fees and disbursements to its legal counsel.
Interland has also
agreed to indemnify Bear Stearns against specific liabilities in connection with
its engagement, including liabilities under the Federal securities laws.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     When considering the recommendations of Micron Electronics' and Interland's
boards of directors, you should be aware that the directors and officers of
Micron Electronics and Interland and Micron Technology and some shareholders of
Interland have interests in the merger and have arrangements that are different
from, or are in addition to, those of Micron Electronics and Interland
shareholders generally.
As a result, these directors, officers and shareholders
could be more likely to vote in favor of recommending the merger agreement and
the merger than if they did not hold these interests.
The boards of directors of
Micron Electronics and Interland were aware of these interests and took these
interests into account in approving the merger and the transactions contemplated
by the merger documents.
These interests include:

     - Acceleration of Interland stock options.
Under the terms of the Interland
       Stock Incentive Plan and specific option grants to several executive
       officers, key employees and non-employee directors of Interland, unvested
       options to purchase 1,373,918 shares of Interland common stock will
       immediately vest upon the completion of the merger.
The following tables
       show the number of unvested Interland options held by executive officers
       and non-employee directors that will vest and become exercisable as a
       result of the merger assuming that the merger is completed on or after
       July 15, 2001:

                                          NUMBER OF UNVESTED OPTIONS THAT
    INTERLAND EXECUTIVE OFFICER         WILL VEST AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER
    ---------------------------         
-----------------------------------

H. Christopher Covington                108,000
Jeffrey L. Ehrlich                      175,000
Nicholas Farsi                          125,000
Kenneth Gavranovic                      108,000
David N. Gill                           201,000
Maryjane Stevens                        48,600
Mark Alexander                          197,000

                                          NUMBER OF UNVESTED OPTIONS THAT
  INTERLAND NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR       WILL VEST AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER
  -------------------------------       
-----------------------------------

Frederick W. Field                      35,064
Clyde A. Heintzelman                    30,339
William E. Whitmer                      31,915

     - Acceleration of Interland restricted stock.
Upon the merger, shares of
       Interland restricted stock subject to a right of repurchase owned by each
       of Interland's directors and executive officers will be exchanged for
       Micron Electronics common stock, subject to the same restrictions.
This
       right to repurchase with respect to two-thirds of the restricted stock
       holdings of Christopher Covington and David Gill, officers of Interland,
       will vest upon the merger, and the remainder will vest six months after
       the merger.
As of May 15, 2001, Mr. Covington held 75,000 unvested shares
       of restricted stock and Mr. Gill held 300,000 unvested shares of
       restricted stock.
Furthermore, restricted stock held by some other
       officers of Interland will fully vest if they are terminated without
       cause within six months after the merger.

     - Board memberships and employment.
Assuming the proposal to elect three
       new directors to the Micron Electronics board of directors is approved by
       Micron Electronics' shareholders, three new directors will become members
       of the board of directors of Micron Electronics to fill newly created
       director positions.
Two of these new directors have been selected by
       Interland, and one will have been selected jointly by Micron Electronics
       and Interland.
In addition, some executive officers of Interland will
       become executive officers of Micron Electronics, including Kenneth
       Gavranovic, who will become vice chairman and chief technology officer of
       Micron Electronics.
Mr. Gavranovic and Micron Electronics have entered
       into an employment agreement assumption and amendment that will be
       effective upon the completion of the merger.
Under this agreement, Mr.
       Gavranovic's annual salary will be increased to $300,000, but automatic
       increases contained in his original employment agreement with Interland
       will be removed.
Micron Electronics anticipates that it will enter into
       employment contracts on customary terms with some executive officers and
       other employees of Interland, although currently it has not done so.

     - Registration rights.
Under the MTI registration rights agreement, Micron
       Technology, which will own approximately 42% of the outstanding common
       stock of Micron Electronics after the merger, has been granted
       registration rights with respect to the shares of Micron Electronics
       common stock that it owns.
Micron Technology will be entitled to require
       Micron Electronics to register its shares of Micron Electronics common
       stock and will also be entitled to "piggyback" registration rights.

       
Additionally, under the amended and restated registration rights
       agreement, Micron Electronics will be required to file a registration
       statement registering for public resale at least 25% of the registrable
       securities that are held by parties to this agreement who own at least
       50% of these registrable securities common stock.
The parties to this
       agreement are currently Micron Electronics, Interland, and Micron
       Technology, however, Interland has agreed to use its best efforts to
       cause some of its shareholders to become parties to this agreement, upon
       which the MTI registration rights agreement would terminate.
Micron
       Electronics will only be required to effect one registration in any
       six-month period.
In addition, the parties to this agreement will also be
       entitled to "piggyback" registration rights.

       
For a further description of these registration rights see "Related
       Agreements -- Amended and restated registration rights agreement" on page
       89 and "Related Agreements -- MTI registration rights agreement" on page
       89.

     - Indemnification; insurance.
Micron Electronics and Interland directors
       and executive officers have customary rights to indemnification under
       indemnification agreements.
The merger agreement provides that, upon
       completion of the merger, Micron Electronics will indemnify and hold
       harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all directors and
       officers of Interland in their capacities as such:

      -- to the same extent they were indemnified or had the right to
         advancement of expenses as of the date of completion of the merger,
         under Interland's articles of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification
         agreements with any directors, officers and employees of Interland; and

      -- to the fullest extent permitted by law, in each case for acts or
         omissions occurring at or prior to the completion of the merger.

      
The merger agreement also provides that, upon completion of the merger,
      Micron Electronics will procure, for a period of five years after
      completion of the merger, the comparable coverage as the directors' and
      officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained
      by Interland.

     - Loan guarantee.
Interland has guaranteed obligations of Mr. Gavranovic to
       Bear Stearns to repay a $3.4 million loan.
Mr. Gavranovic has entered
       into an agreement with Interland under which he has agreed to promptly
       repay Interland any amounts that Interland may pay under that guarantee.
       
Micron Electronics will assume the rights and obligations of the
       guarantee at the effective time of the merger.
This loan is secured by a
       lien on all the shares of Interland owed by Mr. Gavranovic,

       and salary, severance pay, or other amounts payable to Mr. Gavranovic may
       be offset against the loan.


STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

     In the merger, Interland and a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron
Electronics will merge, and as a result, Interland will survive the merger and
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics.
Each outstanding share
of Interland common stock will be exchanged for 0.861 shares of Micron
Electronics common stock.
The exchange ratio cannot be decreased.
In the event
that Micron Electronics' cash and cash equivalents, including any amounts to be
received by Micron Electronics for tax refunds, net of those liabilities and
related reserves that are not related to the HostPro business, which amount is
referred to as "Net Available Cash," are less than $200.0 million, less the
amount of any loans made to Interland by Micron Electronics under the bridge
loan and security agreement, as of the closing, the exchange ratio will be
increased as provided in the schedule attached as Annex D. The exchange ratio
could increase to as high as 2.3676 shares of Micron Electronics common stock
for each share of Interland common stock if the Net Available Cash balance drops
below $10.0 million.

     
Net Available Cash is the cash and cash equivalents of Micron Electronics,
including any amounts to be received by Micron Electronics for tax refunds, at
the time of the merger closing, less any reserves for all liabilities of Micron
Electronics related to the operations of its PC Systems or SpecTek businesses or
the sale, transfer, disposition or winding down and cessation of operations of
either business, or any other liabilities of Micron Electronics to the extent
not related to its HostPro business.

     
The merger agreement contains a procedure for calculating Net Available
Cash that involves Micron Electronics and an independent accounting firm making
the initial determination, with Interland having the right to dispute this
determination through its independent accounting firm.
If necessary, a final
determination will be made by a third independent accounting firm.
This
determination of the Net Available Cash must be completed at the time of the
closing of the merger.

     
Net Available Cash at the time of the merger closing will reflect the
continued funding of the operations of the HostPro business through the closing
and of the PC Systems business through its disposition, as well as the impact of
the transactions involving the sale of the PC Systems and SpecTek businesses.

The net proceeds of approximately $43.2 million from the sale of the SpecTek
assets and the land, building and intellectual property to Micron Technology are
not reflected in the financial statements of Micron Electronics as of March 1,
2001 included in this document.
The estimated operating losses for the third
fiscal quarter ending May 31, 2001 and the originally estimated loss on disposal
of the PC Systems business of $147.5 million, are reflected in the financial
statements of Micron Electronics as of March 1, 2001, in this document as a
discontinued operation.
Based on the final terms of the agreement to sell the PC
Systems business, the revised estimated loss increased to approximately $170.5
million, including the $70 million cash contribution by Micron Electronics to
GTG PC.
Net Available Cash at the time of the merger closing will depend on a
variety of factors that will occur between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the merger closing, including the timing of the merger
closing.
Therefore, Micron Electronics cannot predict or estimate with any
certainty the amount of Net Available Cash at the time of the merger closing,
and as a result Micron Electronics cannot predict whether the exchange ratio
will remain at 0.8610 or will be increased as provided in the schedule attached
as Annex D.
We encourage you to review Annex D for examples of how the exchange
ratio could be adjusted according to the amount of Net Available Cash at the
time of the merger closing.


TREATMENT OF OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

     Options and warrants to purchase Interland common stock will be exchanged
for options or warrants, as the case may be, to purchase shares of Micron
Electronics common stock according to the exchange ratio.


NO FRACTIONAL SHARES

     No certificate or scrip representing fractional shares of Micron
Electronics common stock will be issued in connection with the merger.
Instead,
Interland's shareholders will receive cash, without interest, in lieu of a
fraction of a share of Micron Electronics common stock.


POTENTIAL CASH PAYMENT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' SHAREHOLDERS

     To the extent that Micron Electronics has Excess Cash at the closing of the
merger, or Net Proceeds from the disposition of the PC Systems business within
three years of the closing of the merger, the holders of Micron Electronics
common stock of record as of the close of trading on the closing date of the
merger, will be entitled to receive pro rata cash payments of any Excess Cash
and of any additional Net Proceeds.
Interland shareholders will not be entitled
to receive any distributions of Excess Cash or Net Proceeds.
Based on its
current estimates, Micron Electronics believes it will not have Excess Cash at
the closing of the merger.
In addition, Micron Electronics cannot assure you
that it will receive any Net Proceeds, or that any Net Proceeds received by
Micron Electronics would be sufficient to result in a cash payment to Micron
Electronics' shareholders.
However, in the event it will have Excess Cash or Net
Proceeds, any payments are subject to the following restrictions:

     - Any Excess Cash or Net Proceeds received prior to the six-month
       anniversary of the closing will be held in escrow for six months
       following the closing of the merger.
These amounts will be used to pay
       any liabilities that do not relate to the HostPro business and that arise
       before the end of that six-month escrow period;

     - At the end of the six-month period, a special committee of the board of
       directors of Micron Electronics, will determine if Micron Electronics has
       any liabilities relating to its former non-hosting businesses.
The
       determination of this amount is subject to the approval by Micron
       Technology, or any person that Micron Technology designates to represent
       the pre-closing date Micron Electronics shareholders.
If the special
       committee and the representative are unable to agree on these amounts,
       the merger agreement provides for specific dispute resolution procedures;

     - No payments of Excess Cash will be made after the third anniversary of
       the closing of the merger, regardless of whether Excess Cash is received
       after the three-year period.
Additionally, Micron Electronics would not
       be entitled to receive Net Proceeds after the third anniversary of the
       closing of the sale of the PC Systems business;

     - For administrative convenience, payments of Excess Cash or Net Proceeds
       may be deferred by Micron Electronics, in its sole discretion, until the
       aggregate amount of any payments is equal to or greater than $10.0
       million;

     - The right to receive any cash payments is granted to these shareholders
       individually, is not transferable and will not attach to or trade with
       the common stock of Micron Electronics and will not be represented by any
       certificate, document or other instrument; and

     - A record date will be set as of the close of trading on the date of the
       closing of the merger, but immediately prior to the merger closing in
       connection with the potential cash payments of Excess Cash or Net
       Proceeds.

     
EXCESS CASH is the amount of cash and cash equivalents shown on Micron
Electronics' audited closing date balance sheet, less:

     - The amount of any liabilities on that closing date balance sheet relating
       to businesses other than the Web hosting business; and

     - An amount equal to $200.0 million plus the amount of any decrease in the
       reserves for non-hosting business liabilities originally reflected on the
       post-closing balance sheet, reflected in Micron Electronics financial
       statements after the closing date of the merger and which have been
       audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

     
NET PROCEEDS are net proceeds received by Micron Electronics from the sale
of its PC Systems business, after provision for taxes, payment of commissions,
payment of indebtedness required to be incurred in connection with the sale,
deduction of any amounts as a reserve or credit against the purchase price.
In
the event of a sale of, or initial public offering of securities with respect
to, the PC Systems business within three years of the closing of the sale of the
PC Systems business, Micron Electronics would be entitled to receive a
percentage of any proceeds available only after payment of liabilities and
transaction costs and payment of a specified return to the investors in GTG PC
Holdings.
This percentage decreases each year until the third year, after which
time Micron Electronics will not be entitled to any proceeds.

COMPLETION AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE MERGER

     
The merger will be completed no later than the time when all of the
conditions to completion of the merger are satisfied or waived, including
approval of the merger and approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the
shareholders of Interland, approval of the issuance of shares of Micron
Electronics common stock in the merger and the amendment to Micron Electronics'
articles of incorporation and bylaws, increase in the size of the Micron
Electronics board of three directors and election of directors by the
shareholders of Micron Electronics.
The merger will become effective upon both
the filing of a certificate of merger with the State of Delaware and the filing
of articles of merger with the State of Georgia.


EXCHANGE OF INTERLAND STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR MICRON ELECTRONICS STOCK
CERTIFICATES

     When the merger is completed, Micron Electronics' exchange agent will mail
to Interland shareholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in
surrendering Interland stock certificates in exchange for Micron Electronics
stock certificates.
When an Interland shareholder delivers its Interland stock
certificates to the exchange agent along with an executed letter of transmittal,
the Interland stock certificates will be canceled and the shareholder will
receive Micron Electronics stock certificates representing the number of full
shares of Micron Electronics common stock to which the shareholder is entitled
under the merger agreement.
Interland shareholders should not submit their
Interland stock certificates for exchange unless and until they receive the
transmittal instructions and a form of letter of transmittal from the exchange
agent.

     
Micron Electronics will only issue Interland shareholders a Micron
Electronics stock certificate or a check instead of a fractional share in a name
in which the surrendered Interland stock certificate is registered.
If any
Interland shareholder wishes to have a certificate or check issued in another
name, the shareholder must present the exchange agent with all documents
required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and show that
it paid any applicable stock transfer taxes.
If any Interland shareholder has
lost its stock certificate, that shareholder will be required to furnish an
affidavit of loss and a bond in addition to the documents accompanying the
letter of transmittal to receive the corresponding Micron Electronics stock
certificate.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     
The following discussion summarizes the material federal income tax
consequences of the merger to Micron Electronics, Interland and their
shareholders.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code, applicable
Treasury Regulations, judicial authority, and administrative rulings and
practice, all as of the date hereof.
The IRS could adopt positions contrary to
those set forth below.
In addition, future legislative, judicial, or
administrative changes or interpretations could adversely affect the accuracy of
these statements and conclusions.
These changes or interpretations could be
applied retroactively and could affect the tax consequences of the merger to
Micron Electronics, Interland and their respective shareholders.
This discussion
assumes that you hold your Micron Electronics or Interland shares as capital
assets within the meaning of section 1221 of the Code.
This discussion does not
address all federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to you in
light of your particular circumstances.
For example, this

discussion does not address the federal income tax consequences of the merger to
the following classes of shareholders:

     - dealers in securities;

     - foreign persons;

     - financial institutions;

     - tax-exempt organizations;

     - insurance companies;

     - Interland shareholders who acquired their Interland shares through stock
       option or stock purchase programs or in other compensatory transactions;
       and

     - Interland shareholders who hold their Interland shares as part of a
       straddle, conversion, or other integrated transaction.

     
In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the merger under foreign, state or local tax laws.
Finally, the discussion
does not address the tax consequences of transactions occurring prior to or
after the merger, whether or not these transactions are in connection with the
merger, including, without limitation, the exercise of options or rights to
purchase Interland shares in anticipation of the merger.
ACCORDINGLY, MICRON
ELECTRONICS AND INTERLAND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX
ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING
THE APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE
MERGER.


Federal income tax consequences to Interland shareholders

     The merger will qualify as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes
under section 368(a) of the Code.
As a reorganization, the merger will have the
following federal income tax consequences to the Interland shareholders, subject
to the limitations and qualifications referred to in this section:

     - You will not recognize gain or loss on the exchange of your Interland
       shares for shares of Micron Electronics common stock in the merger,
       except as discussed below with respect to cash received in lieu of
       fractional shares of Micron Electronics common stock.

     - If you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share of Micron Electronics
       common stock, you will be treated as if you actually received a
       fractional share, and that share was subsequently redeemed by Micron
       Electronics.
You should recognize gain or loss with respect to the cash
       you receive in lieu of a fractional share measured by the difference
       between the amount of cash you receive and your tax basis in the
       fractional share.
Generally, your gain or loss will be capital gain or
       loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have held your
       Interland shares for more than one year as of the closing date of the
       merger.

     
- You must transfer the tax basis in your Interland shares to the Micron
       Electronics common stock, including fractional shares, you receive in the
       merger.
After any fractional shares are treated as redeemed, the
       aggregate tax basis in the Micron Electronics common stock you receive in
       the merger will equal the aggregate tax basis in the Interland shares you
       surrendered, reduced by any basis allocable to fractional shares in
       exchange for which you receive cash.

     
- The holding period for the Micron Electronics common stock you receive in
       the merger will include the period during which you held the Interland
       shares you exchanged for Micron Electronics common stock.

     
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, you will recognize gain
to the extent that you receive any shares of Micron Electronics common stock in
exchange for services or property other than solely Interland shares.
All or a
portion of this gain could be taxable as ordinary income.
You will also
recognize gain to the extent you are treated as receiving consideration other
than Micron Electronics common stock in exchange for Interland shares.


Federal income tax consequences to Micron Electronics shareholders

     You will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger, and the tax
basis in your Micron Electronics shares will not change as a result of the
merger.


Federal income tax consequences to Micron Electronics and Interland

     Micron Electronics, including its merger subsidiary, and Interland will not
recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

     Micron Electronics intends to account for the merger as a purchase for
financial reporting and accounting purposes.
After the merger, the results of
operations of Interland will be included in the consolidated financial
statements of Micron Electronics.
The purchase price, or, the aggregate merger
consideration, will be allocated based on the fair values of the assets acquired
and the liabilities assumed.
Any excess of cost over fair value of the net
tangible assets of Interland acquired will be recorded as goodwill and other
intangible assets and will be amortized by charges to operations under generally
accepted accounting principles.


REGULATORY FILINGS AND APPROVALS REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

     
The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act, which prevents some transactions from being
completed until required information and materials are furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission
and the appropriate waiting periods end or expire.
We have filed the required
information and materials with the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission and the waiting period under that Act has expired.

     
The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade
Commission may challenge the merger on antitrust grounds after expiration of the
waiting period.
Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the
merger, either the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the
Federal Trade Commission could take action under the antitrust laws.
Other
persons could also take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to
enjoin the merger.
Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of
the merger, notwithstanding that the applicable waiting period expired or ended,
any state could take action under the antitrust laws.

     
Neither of us is aware of any other material governmental or regulatory
approval required for completion of the merger, other than the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a
part, compliance with applicable corporate law of Delaware and Georgia and rules
of the Nasdaq National Market.


RESTRICTIONS ON SALES OF SHARES BY AFFILIATES OF INTERLAND AND MICRON
ELECTRONICS

     
The shares of Micron Electronics common stock issued in the merger will be
freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Micron
Electronics common stock issued to any person who is an affiliate of either of
Micron Electronics or Interland.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates
include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under
common control of either of Micron Electronics or Interland and may include some
of their officers and directors, as well as their principal shareholders.

Affiliates may not sell their shares of Micron Electronics common stock acquired
in the merger except under:

     - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
       resale of those shares;

     - an exception under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

     - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.


LISTING ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET OF MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK TO BE
ISSUED IN THE MERGER

     It is a condition to the closing of the merger that the shares of Micron
Electronics common stock to be issued in the merger be approved for listing on
the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance.


ABSENCE OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Holders of Interland common stock do not have dissenters' appraisal rights
under Georgia law in connection with the merger.
Likewise, holders of Micron
Electronics common stock do not have dissenters' appraisal rights under
Minnesota law in connection with the merger.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF INTERLAND COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

     
If the merger is completed, the Interland common stock will be delisted
from the Nasdaq National Market and its registration under the Exchange Act will
be terminated.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     This section of the document describes the merger agreement.
While we
believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger agreement,
this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you.

The merger agreement is attached to this document as Annex A and we urge you to
carefully read this document in its entirety.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Each of us each made substantially similar representations and warranties
in the merger agreement regarding aspects of our businesses, financial
condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the merger.
Each of us made
representations to the other, including representations as to:

     - corporate organization, good standing and qualification to do business;

     - its and its subsidiaries' ownership interests in other entities;

     - its and its subsidiaries' charter documents and bylaws;

     - capitalization;

     - authority to enter into the merger agreement;

     - required consents, waivers and approvals;

     - regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;

     - the effect of the merger on outstanding obligations;

     - filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - financial statements;

     - absence of changes in Interland's or the HostPro business, as applicable,
       since the most recent financial statements;

     - taxes;

     - title to owned and leased properties;

     - intellectual property and infringement of intellectual property of
       others;

     - compliance with applicable laws;

     - permits required to conduct business and compliance with those permits;

     - litigation with respect to the applicable company;

     - employment matters;

     - labor matters;

     - employee benefit plans;

     - hazardous material activities and environmental liabilities;

     - agreements, contracts and commitments;

     - brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

     - insurance;

     - information supplied by the applicable company in this document and the
       related registration statement;

     - approval by the board of directors of the applicable company;

     - the fairness opinion received by the applicable company from its
       financial advisor;

     - with respect to Interland, the inapplicability of antitakeover and other
       laws and its rights agreement to the merger;

     - with respect to Interland, the identity of its affiliates and
       transactions with related parties;

     - supplier and customer relationships;

     - product and service quality; and

     - continuity of computer network operations.

     
Micron Electronics' representations and warranties exclude the effects of
the disposition, sale or wind-down of the PC Systems business, the transfer of
the SpecTek business, some intellectual property and real estate to Micron
Technology, and any related reduction in workforce or termination of supplier
relationship, or any changes in Micron Electronics' financial condition, results
of operation, expenses, asset or liabilities directly resulting from any of
these events, which we refer to as the "Micron Electronics' contemplated
changes.
"

     The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and are not easily summarized.
We urge you to read the articles of the merger
agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company," and
"Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub" carefully.


CONDUCT OF EACH COMPANY'S BUSINESS BEFORE THE CLOSING OF THE MERGER

Interland

     Interland has agreed that until the closing of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement, or unless Micron Electronics consents in
writing, Interland and its subsidiaries will each carry on its business in the
usual, regular and ordinary course, pay its debts and taxes when due and pay or
perform other material obligations when due.
Interland has also agreed to use
its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies
to:

     - preserve intact its present business organization;

     - keep available the services of its present officers and employees; and

     - preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors,
       licensees, and others with which it has business dealings.

     
Interland has also agreed that until the closing of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement, or unless Micron Electronics consents in
writing, Interland and each of its subsidiaries will conduct its business in
compliance with specific restrictions relating to the following:

     - waiving restrictions on, accelerating or modifying the terms of or
       payment for options granted or restricted stock purchased under its stock
       plans, or repricing of or authorizing cash payments for stock options
       granted under its stock plans;

     - granting any severance or termination pay except under written agreements
       in effect when the merger agreement was executed or in an amount not to
       exceed three months' salary of the terminated person;

     - transferring or licensing intellectual property other than non-exclusive
       licenses granted in the ordinary course of business;

     - declaring or paying dividends or making other distributions with respect
       to its capital stock;

     - purchasing or redeeming shares of its capital stock except repurchases of
       unvested shares in connection with employee terminations;

     - issuing securities other than

      -- grants of options to purchase no more than 1,000,000 shares of
         Interland common stock with respect to newly hired employees,
         promotions of existing employees, or as part of Interland's annual
         stock option grant program with no individual grants or awards to
         exceed 250,000 shares per person without the approval of Micron
         Electronics' chairman of the board of directors;

      -- issuances of Interland common stock upon exercise of outstanding
         options and warrants on the date of the merger agreement; or

      -- issuances under Interland's employee stock purchase plan and 401(k)
         plan;

     - amending its charter or bylaws;

     - acquiring or agreeing to merge with, or acquiring the assets of, or
       making equity investments in, other entities;

     - selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering or disposing of property or
       assets that are material to the business of Interland;

     - incurring or guaranteeing indebtedness other than in the ordinary course
       of business, under existing credit facilities or under equipment
       financing;

     - adopting or amending any employee benefit plan;

     - entering into any employment contract other than offer letters and letter
       agreements in the ordinary course of business;

     - paying any special bonus or increasing the pay of its directors,
       officers, employers or consultants other than in the ordinary course of
       business;

     - making any material capital expenditures other than those contained in
       Interland's capital budget approved prior to the date of the merger
       agreement and except for capital leases consistent with past practice;

     - entering into, modifying, terminating or amending contracts or waiving,
       releasing or assigning any material rights under the contract in a manner
       that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect
       Interland;

     - entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
       licensing of Interland's intellectual property other than in the ordinary
       course of business;

     - materially revaluing its assets or changing accounting practices except
       as required under generally accepted accounting practices; or

     - materially changing the pricing of the fees for its services.


Micron Electronics

     Micron Electronics has agreed that until the closing of the merger, or
unless Interland consents in writing and except for the Micron Electronics'
contemplated changes, Micron Electronics and its subsidiaries will each:

     - carry on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course;

     - collect its receivables in the ordinary course consistent with past
       practice;

     - pay its payables, debts and taxes when due; and

     - subject to taking actions necessary to manage down the costs of
       implementing the Micron Electronics' contemplated changes and pay or
       perform other material obligations when due.

     
Micron Electronics has also agreed to use its commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to:

     - preserve intact its present business organization relating to its HostPro
       business;

     - keep available the services of its present officers and employees
       relating to its HostPro business; and

     - preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors,
       licensees, and others with which it has business dealings relating to its
       HostPro business.

     
Micron Electronics has also agreed that until the closing of the merger, or
unless Interland consents in writing and except for the Micron Electronics'
contemplated changes, Micron Electronics and each of its subsidiaries will
conduct its business in compliance with specific restrictions relating to the
following:

     - waiving restrictions on, accelerating or modifying the terms of or
       payment for options granted, or restricted stock purchased under its
       stock plans, or repricing of or authorizing cash payment for stock
       options granted under its stock plans with respect to employees of the
       HostPro business;

     - with respect to its HostPro business or its employees, adopting any new
       severance plan or granting any severance or termination pay except under
       written agreements in effect when the merger agreement was executed, in
       an amount not to exceed two months' salary of the terminated person;

     - entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
       licensing of any material intellectual property, other than non-exclusive
       licenses in the ordinary course of business, that are material to the
       HostPro business;

     - declaring or paying dividends or making other distributions with respect
       to its capital stock;

     - purchasing or redeeming shares of its capital stock except repurchases of
       unvested shares in connection with employee terminations;

     - issuing securities other than

      -- grants of options to purchase no more than 1,500,000 shares of Micron
         Electronics common stock with respect to newly hired employees,
         promotions of existing employees or as part of Micron Electronics'
         annual grant program,

      -- issuances required to implement the Micron Electronics' contemplated
         changes,

      -- issuances of Micron Electronics common stock upon exercise of
         outstanding options or warrants on the date of the merger agreement, or

      -- issuances under its employee stock purchase plan or issuances under its
         401(k) plan;

     - amending its or its subsidiaries' charter documents or bylaws;

     - acquiring or agreeing to merge with, or acquiring the assets of, or
       making equity investments in, other entities without the consent of
       Interland;

     - selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering or disposing of property or
       assets that are material to its HostPro business;

     - incurring or guaranteeing indebtedness except in the ordinary course of
       business or under existing credit facilities in the ordinary course of
       business;

     - adopting or amending any employee benefit plan with respect to its
       HostPro business except as required by law or as contemplated by the
       merger agreement;

     - entering into any employment contract with respect to its Web hosting
       business other than offer letters or letter agreements in the ordinary
       course of business consistent with past practice;

     - paying any special bonus on special remuneration to any director or
       employee, or increasing the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits
       with respect to its HostPro business for its directors, officers,
       employees or consultants other than in the ordinary course of business;

     - making any material capital expenditures other than those contained in
       Micron Electronics' capital budget approved prior to the date of the
       merger agreement;

     - entering into, modifying, terminating or amending contracts or waiving,
       releasing or assigning any material rights under the contract in a manner
       that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect its
       HostPro business, except for severance arrangements for its employees
       associated with its PC Systems business;

     - entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
       licensing of intellectual property related to its HostPro business other
       than in the ordinary course of business;

     - materially changing the pricing of the fees for its services related to
       its HostPro business; or

     - changing accounting practices except as required under generally accepted
       accounting principles.

     
The agreements related to the conduct of the companies' business in the
merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized.
We urge you to read
the sections of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct Prior to the Effective
Time" carefully.


NO OTHER NEGOTIATIONS

     Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
Interland has agreed not to take any of the following actions directly or
indirectly:

     - solicit or initiate the making, submission or announcement of any
       Acquisition Proposal, as defined below;

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition
       Proposal;

     - furnish any non-public information with respect to any Acquisition
       Proposal;

     - take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
       Acquisition Proposal;

     - engage in discussions with any person with respect to any Acquisition
       Proposal except as to the existence of these prohibitions;

     - approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

     - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
       agreement or commitment relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

     
However, if Interland receives an unsolicited, written, bona fide
Acquisition Proposal that its board of directors reasonably concludes, based on
written advice of a financial advisor of national standing, may constitute a
Superior Offer, as defined below, Interland may furnish non-public information
regarding it and may enter into discussions with the person or group who has
made that Acquisition Proposal, if:

     - neither Interland nor its representatives have violated the provisions
       otherwise restricting its negotiations with third parties or its
       furnishing non-public information to third parties;

     - Interland's board of directors concludes in good faith, after
       consultation with its outside legal counsel, that this action is required
       for the board of directors to meet its fiduciary obligations to
       Interland's shareholders under applicable law;

     - prior to furnishing non-public information to, or entering into any
       discussions with, a party making the Acquisition Proposal, Interland
       gives Micron Electronics written notice of the Acquisition Proposal,
       including the identity of the party making the Acquisition Proposal and
       the material terms and conditions of the Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland gives Micron Electronics at least three business days' advance
       notice of its intent to furnish non-public information or enter into
       discussions; and

     - Interland furnishes the non-public information to Micron Electronics at
       the same time that Interland furnishes this information to the party
       making the Acquisition Proposal and the information furnished to the
       other party is subject to an agreement requiring the confidential
       treatment of that information on terms at least as restrictive as those
       governing the confidential information of Interland provided to Micron
       Electronics.

     
Interland has agreed to inform Micron Electronics as promptly as
practicable as to any Acquisition Proposal, request for non-public information
that Interland reasonably believes would lead to an Acquisition Proposal or
inquiry that Interland reasonably should believe would lead to an Acquisition
Proposal.
Interland has also agreed to inform Micron Electronics as to the
identity of the party making the Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry, and
the material terms of the Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry.
Interland
also has agreed to keep Micron Electronics informed as promptly as practicable
in all material respects as to the status and details of any Acquisition
Proposal, request or inquiry.

     
An ACQUISITION PROPOSAL is any offer or proposal by a third party relating
to:

     - the acquisition or purchase of more than a 20% interest in the total
       outstanding voting securities of Interland or any of its subsidiaries;

     - any tender offer or exchange offer, that, if consummated, would result in
       any person or group beneficially owning 20% or more of the total
       outstanding voting securities of Interland or any of its subsidiaries;

     - any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
       involving Interland under which shareholders of Interland immediately
       prior to the acquisition hold less than 80% of the equity interest in the
       resulting entity;

     - any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange,
       transfer, license outside the ordinary course of business, or acquisition
       or disposition of more than 50% of the assets of Interland; or

     - any liquidation or dissolution of Interland.

     
A SUPERIOR OFFER with respect to Interland is an unsolicited, bona fide
written proposal made by a third party to complete any of the following
transactions:

     - a merger or consolidation involving Interland under which the
       shareholders of Interland immediately preceding the transaction hold less
       than 50% of the equity interest in the surviving entity of the
       transaction; or

     - the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
       offer or an exchange offer or a two step transaction involving a tender
       offer followed with reasonable promptness by a merger involving
       Interland, directly or indirectly, of ownership of 100% of the then
       outstanding shares of capital stock of Interland

on terms that the board of directors of Interland determines, in its reasonable
judgment, based on the written advice of a financial advisor of national
standing, to be more favorable to Interland's shareholders than the terms of the
merger.
An offer will not be a Superior Offer if any financing required to
complete the transaction is not committed and it is not likely, in the
reasonable judgment of Interland's board of directors, based on the advice of a
financial advisor of national standing, to be obtained on a timely basis.

     
Interland's board of directors may, without breaching the merger agreement,
withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation in favor of the merger
proposal if:

     - a Superior Offer is made to Interland and is not withdrawn;

     - Interland provides written notice to Micron Electronics, including the
       identity of the party making the Superior Offer and specifying the
       material terms and conditions of the Superior Offer;

     - Micron Electronics does not, within five business days after receiving
       this written notice, make an offer that the board of directors of
       Interland determines by majority vote in its good faith judgment, based
       on written advice of a financial advisor of national standing, to be at
       least as favorable to Interland's shareholders as the Superior Offer;

     - Interland's board of directors concludes in good faith, after
       consultation with its outside legal counsel, that, in light of the
       Superior Offer, the withholding, withdrawal, amendment or modification of
       its recommendation is required for the board of directors to comply with
       its fiduciary obligations to Interland's shareholders under applicable
       law; and

     - Interland has not violated the provisions in the merger agreement related
       to the restrictions on its negotiations with third parties, its
       furnishing non-public info to third parties or related to calling
       shareholder meetings or soliciting proxies.

     
Interland also agreed to provide Micron Electronics with prior notice of
any meeting of its board of directors at which Interland's board of directors is
reasonably expected to consider any Acquisition Proposal to determine whether it
is a Superior Offer.
Even if the board of directors' recommendation is withheld,
withdrawn, amended or modified, Interland must nevertheless hold and convene the
shareholders meeting with respect to the proposed merger with Micron
Electronics.


PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

     Each of Micron Electronics and Interland will consult with the other and,
to the extent practicable, agree before issuing any press release or making any
public statement with respect to the merger, the merger agreement, or any
Acquisition Proposal.


EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

     Micron Electronics and Interland will work together to agree upon mutually
acceptable employee benefit and compensation arrangements.
Interland will
terminate its severance, separation, retention and salary continuation plans,
programs or arrangements prior to the effective time of the merger, subject to
limited exceptions.

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING THE MERGER

Conditions for each of Micron Electronics and Interland

     Each of Micron Electronics' and Interland's obligations to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following
conditions before closing the merger:

     - the shareholders of Interland must approve the merger and approve and
       adopt the merger agreement;

     - the proposals to be voted upon at the Micron Electronics special meeting
       of shareholders shall have been approved by Micron Electronics
       shareholders;

     - all other actions necessary to elect the three nominees for election to
       the Micron Electronics board shall have occurred;

     - the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       is a part shall be declared effective and no stop order suspending its
       effectiveness or the effectiveness of this joint proxy/ prospectus shall
       have been issued; and

     - no governmental entity shall have enacted or issued any law, regulation
       or order that has the effect of making the merger illegal, or otherwise
       prohibiting the closing of the merger.


Additional conditions for Interland to complete the merger

     Interland's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

     - Micron Electronics' and Imagine Acquisition Corporation's representations
       and warranties must be true and correct at and as of the date the merger
       is to be completed as if made at and as of that time, except:

      -- representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
         particular date, which must be true and correct, or true and correct as
         of that date;

      -- where the failure to be true and correct would not have a material
         adverse effect, defined below, on Micron Electronics or its HostPro
         business;

     - Micron Electronics must have performed or complied in all material
       respects with all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger
       agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or before closing the
       merger;

     - no material adverse effect with respect to Micron Electronics' HostPro
       business shall have occurred since March 22, 2001 and be continuing;

     - Micron Electronics shall have taken all action necessary to appoint to
       Micron Electronics' board of directors the two individuals nominated by
       Interland, and a third individual mutually agreed upon by Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - Micron Electronics shall have entered into an agreement to employ Ken
       Gavranovic and appointed him vice chairman of the combined company; and

     - Micron Electronics and Micron Technology, the majority shareholder of
       Micron Electronics prior to the merger, shall have entered into the MTI
       shareholder agreement.


Additional conditions for Micron Electronics to complete the merger

     Micron Electronics' obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

     - Interland's representations and warranties must be true and correct as of
       the date the merger is to be completed as if made at and as of that time,
       except

      -- representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
         particular date, which must be true and correct, or true and correct as
         of that date;

      -- where the failure to be true and correct would not have a material
         adverse effect, defined below, on Interland;

     - Interland must have performed or complied in all material respects with
       all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to
       be performed or complied with by Interland at or before the closing of
       the merger;

     - no material adverse effect with respect to Interland shall have occurred
       since March 22, 2001 and be continuing;

     - there shall not be instituted or pending any action or proceeding by a
       governmental entity seeking to:

      -- restrain or prohibit the ownership or operation by Micron Electronics
         of all or any portion of Interland's business or for Micron Electronics
         to dispose of any of its or Interland's business or assets,

      -- seeking to impose limitations on the ability of Micron Electronics to
         exercise full ownership rights of the Interland stock, or

      -- seeking to require Micron Electronics to divest the shares of Interland
         common stock;

     - all required approvals and consents shall have been obtained unless the
       failure would not have a material adverse effect on the combined
       companies and the approvals and consents shall be on terms that are not
       reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the combined
       company;

     - Ken Gavranovic shall have accepted employment with Micron Electronics and
       appointment as its vice chairman;

     - specified shareholders of Interland shall have entered into the
       shareholder agreement with Micron Electronics and Micron Technology; and

     - all options to purchase shares of stock of HostPro, Inc., a wholly owned
       subsidiary of Micron Electronics, shall have been converted into options
       to purchase shares of Micron Electronics common stock.

     
A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT is defined to be any change, event, violation,
inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to be,
adverse to the business, assets, capitalization, financial condition, operations
or results of operations of an entity taken as a whole with its subsidiaries.
A
material adverse effect does not include a change, event, circumstance,
violation, inaccuracy or effect that results from:

     - changes in general economic conditions;

     - changes affecting the company's industry generally, so long as the change
       does not affect the entity in a substantially disproportionate manner;

     - changes in the market price of Micron Electronics or Interland common
       stock;

     - the announcement of the merger or the transactions contemplated by the
       merger agreement; or

     - with respect to Micron Electronics:

      -- the sale or continued operation of its PC Systems business or the
         SpecTek business; or

      -- the failure of Net Available Cash to equal or exceed $200.0 million at
         the closing of the merger.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to closing the
merger, whether before or after the requisite shareholder approval:

     - by mutual written consent authorized by the boards of directors of Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland, if the merger is not completed
       by November 30, 2001, except that the right to terminate the merger
       agreement under this provision is not available to any party whose action
       or failure to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the
       failure of the merger to occur on or by November 30, 2001, and this
       action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger agreement;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland, if a governmental authority
       has issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action that is
       final and nonappealable, having the effect of permanently enjoining,
       restraining or prohibiting the merger;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland, if the merger is not approved
       by the shareholders of Interland, except that the right to terminate the
       merger agreement under this provision is not available to Interland where
       the failure to obtain shareholder approval was caused by an action or
       failure to act by Interland that constitutes a material breach of the
       merger agreement, or a breach of the voting agreement by any party other
       than Micron Electronics;

     - by either Micron Electronics or Interland if the proposals submitted to
       the Micron Electronics shareholders for the Micron Electronics special
       meeting of shareholders shall not have been approved by Micron
       Electronics' shareholders, except that the right to terminate the merger
       agreement under this provision is not available to Micron Electronics if
       the failure to obtain shareholder approval was caused by an action or
       failure to act by Micron Electronics that constitutes a material breach
       of the merger agreement;

     - by Micron Electronics at any time prior to the approval of the merger and
       approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the required vote of
       shareholders of Interland, if a Triggering Event, as described below,
       occurs;

     - by Interland, on the one hand, or Micron Electronics, on the other, upon
       a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the
       part of the other in the merger agreement, or if any of the other's
       representations or warranties are or become untrue, so that the
       corresponding condition to closing would not be met.
However, if the
       breach or inaccuracy is curable by the other through the exercise of its
       commercially reasonable efforts, and the other continues to exercise
       commercially reasonable efforts, then the other may not terminate the
       merger agreement if the breach or inaccuracy is cured within 30 days
       after delivery of the notice of breach or inaccuracy; or

     - by Interland if the Net Available Cash at closing is less than $100.0
       million, less the amount of the aggregate bridge loan amount made to
       Interland under to the bridge loan and security agreement further
       described under "Related Agreements -- Bridge loan and security
       agreement," provided particular conditions do not occur.
This termination
       right will not be available to Interland if more than $10.0 million has
       been advanced to Interland under the bridge loan and security agreement.

     
A TRIGGERING EVENT will occur if:

     - Interland's board of directors withdraws or amends or modifies in a
       manner adverse to Micron Electronics its unanimous recommendation in
       favor of the approval of the merger and adoption and approval of the
       merger agreement;

     - Interland fails to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the
       unanimous recommendation of its board of directors in favor of the
       approval of the merger and the adoption and approval of the merger
       agreement;

     - Interland's board of directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous
       recommendation in favor of the approval of the merger and the adoption
       and approval of the merger agreement within 10 business days after Micron
       Electronics requests in writing that this recommendation be reaffirmed at
       any time after the public announcement of an Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland's board of directors or any committee of the board approves or
       publicly recommends any Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland enters into a letter of intent or agreement accepting an
       Acquisition Proposal;

     - Interland materially breaches the provisions of the merger agreement
       restricting its negotiation with third parties or provision of non-public
       information or the provisions of the merger agreement relating to holding
       the Interland's shareholders meeting; or

     - if a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of Interland is
       commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with the Micron Electronics,
       and Interland does not send to its shareholders within 10 business days
       after the tender or exchange offer is first commenced a statement
       disclosing that Interland recommends rejection of the tender or exchange
       offer.


TERMINATION FEE

     Interland will be obligated to pay Micron Electronics a termination fee
equal to $3.5 million, plus an amount equal to the amount of any outstanding
amounts under the bridge loan up to $2.1 million, if Micron Electronics
terminates the merger agreement at any time prior to approval of the merger by
Interland's shareholders because a Triggering Event has occurred.
This
termination fee is in addition to repaying the aggregate bridge loan amount
under the terms of the bridge loan and security agreement further described
under "Related Agreements -- Bridge loan and security agreement.
"

     If the merger agreement is terminated by either Interland or Micron
Electronics because the required approval of the merger by Interland's
shareholders was not obtained, or Micron Electronics terminates the merger
agreement due to a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
of Interland, Interland is obligated to pay the termination fee described in the
previous paragraph, in the event that:

     - prior to termination of the merger agreement an Acquisition Proposal was
       publicly announced; and

     - within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Interland:

      -- completes an Acquisition, as defined below; or

      -- enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition, and that
         Acquisition is later consummated with the person with whom the
         agreement was entered into or an affiliate of that person, regardless
         of when it closes.

     
Micron Electronics is obligated to pay Interland a termination fee equal to
$3.5 million if, due to the failure to obtain the approval of the proposals to
be voted upon at the Micron Electronics special meeting of shareholders by the
shareholders of Micron, the merger agreement is terminated and an Acquisition
Proposal is publicly announced prior to the termination of the merger agreement,
and within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics:

     - completes an Acquisition; or

     - enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition and that
       Acquisition is later consummated with the person with whom the agreement
       was entered into or an affiliate of that person, regardless of when it
       closes.

     
Any transaction contemplated by the merger agreement as well as the Micron
Electronics' contemplated changes are excluded from the definition of
Acquisition as it relates to Micron Electronics.

     
An ACQUISITION is any of the following:

     - a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
       liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving the applicable
       company in which the applicable company's shareholders immediately
       preceding the transaction hold less than 50% of the aggregate equity
       interests in the surviving entity of the transaction;

     - a sale or other disposition of assets representing in excess of 50% of
       the aggregate fair market value of the applicable company's business; or

     - the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
       offer or an exchange offer or issuance by the company, directly or
       indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial
       ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of
       the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the applicable company.


AMENDMENT, EXTENSION AND WAIVER OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     Any party to this agreement may amend the merger agreement before closing
the merger by execution of a written instrument signed by each party, provided
that the party complies with applicable state law regarding resolicitation of
shareholder votes in amending the agreement.
Either of the parties may extend
the other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
under the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the other's
representations and warranties and waive compliance by the other with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement.

                               
RELATED AGREEMENTS

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes agreements
related to the merger agreement including the voting agreement, amended and
restated registration rights agreement, MTI registration rights agreement,
shareholder agreement, MTI shareholder agreement and bridge loan and security
agreement.
While we believe that these descriptions cover the material terms of
these agreements, these summaries may not contain all of the information that is
important to you.
The following descriptions are qualified by the terms of the
actual agreements, which are included in Micron Electronics' filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission that are incorporated by reference into this
document.


VOTING AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics, Micron Technology and some Interland shareholders entered into a
voting agreement, under which:

     - some Interland shareholders agreed to vote an aggregate of 17,994,964
       shares of Interland common stock held by them, constituting an aggregate
       of approximately 38% of Interland's outstanding common stock as of March
       15, 2001, in favor of the approval of the merger and the approval and
       adoption of the merger agreement and any other actions contemplated by
       the merger agreement and any actions required in furtherance of the
       merger.
They also agreed to vote against any proposal made in opposition
       to or in competition with the merger or any action or agreement that
       would result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or
       any other obligation or agreement of Interland under the merger agreement
       or of the shareholders under the voting agreement.
Each of those
       Interland shareholders executed an irrevocable proxy to this effect with
       respect to the shares subject to the voting agreement.

     - Micron Technology agreed to vote the 58,622,863 shares of Micron
       Electronics common stock beneficially held by it, constituting
       approximately 61% of Micron Electronics' outstanding common stock:

      -- in favor of the approval of the merger and approval and adoption of the
         approval of the merger agreement;

      -- in favor of the issuance of Micron Electronics common stock in the
         merger;

      -- in favor of the amendment to Micron Electronics' articles of
         incorporation to increase the authorized number of shares of Micron
         Electronics capital stock to 200 million and change the name of Micron
         Electronics to "Interland, Inc.";

      -- in favor of the amendments to the bylaws to amend the term of the
         directors and authorize the board to decrease the size of the board;

      -- in favor of the proposal to increase the size of the Micron Electronics
         board to eight;

      -- in favor of the appointment of the new directors; and

      -- against approval of any proposal made in opposition to or in
         competition with the merger, including acquisitions of Micron
         Electronics, or any action or agreement that would result in a breach
         of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or
         of Micron Electronics under the merger agreement or of Micron
         Technology under the voting agreement.

     
Micron Technology and those Interland shareholders also agreed not to offer
for sale, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract, option
or other arrangement to offer for sale, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of
their shares of Micron Electronics or Interland, as the case may be.
To the
extent that Micron Technology or any of those Interland shareholders was a party
to an agreement to transfer their shares of Micron Electronics or Interland
common stock, as of the date of the Merger Agreement, that shareholder has
agreed not to transfer its shares unless the transferee agrees to be bound under
the terms of the voting agreement.


AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Interland agreed
to use its best efforts to cause the parties to its existing registration rights
agreement to amend and restate that registration rights agreement.
This
agreement will require Micron Electronics to file a registration statement
registering for public resale at least 25% of the registrable securities that
are held by the former Interland shareholders that are parties to this agreement
and Micron Technology, or a lesser percentage provided the aggregate offering
price exceeds $5.0 million, upon request by those shareholders.
Micron
Electronics will only be required to effect one registration in any six-month
period.
In addition, the parties to this agreement holding registrable
securities will be entitled to "piggyback" registration rights so as to be able
to include their shares of Micron Electronics common stock in a registration
statement filed by Micron Electronics.


MTI REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics, Interland and Micron Technology entered into an MTI registration
rights agreement under which Micron Electronics granted Micron Technology
registration rights with respect to the shares of Micron Electronics common
stock that Micron Technology owns.
This agreement will require Micron
Electronics to file a registration statement registering for public resale at
least 25% of the shares of Micron Electronics common stock that are beneficially
owned by Micron Technology, or a lesser percentage provided the aggregate
offering price exceeds $5.0 million, upon the request of Micron Technology.

Micron Electronics will only be required to effect one registration in any
six-month period.
In addition, Micron Technology will be entitled to "piggyback"
registration rights so as to be able to include its shares of Micron Electronics
common stock in a registration statement filed by Micron Electronics.
This
agreement will be replaced by the amended and restated registration rights
agreement upon its execution as discussed above.


SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics, Joel J. Kocher and some Interland shareholders entered into a
shareholder agreement.
Under this agreement, Mr. Kocher and several Interland
shareholders who will hold approximately 12% of the combined company's
outstanding shares of capital stock assuming an exchange ratio of 0.8610, agreed
not to sell the corresponding number of shares of Micron Electronics common
stock that they will own or receive in the merger, for a period of nine months
after the closing of the Merger.
This agreement is subject to some exceptions,
which include but are not limited to, transfers:

     - to Micron Electronics;

     - in a public offering of Micron Electronics securities;

     - in response to a third party tender offer or exchange offer;

     - in a merger or consolidation; or

     - under a plan of liquidation approved by Micron Electronics.

     
In addition, these shareholders are also permitted to transfer shares of
Micron Electronics common stock to any other person provided that the person
agrees to be bound by this shareholder agreement.


MTI SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics and Micron Technology entered into a MTI shareholder agreement.

Under this agreement Micron Technology agreed not to sell any shares of Micron
Electronics common stock beneficially held by it, for a period of nine

months after the closing of the merger.
This agreement is subject to some
exceptions, which include but are not limited to, transfers:

     - to Micron Electronics;

     - in a public offering of Micron Electronics securities;

     - in response to a third party tender offer or exchange offer;

     - in a merger or consolidation; or

     - under to a plan of liquidation approved by Micron Electronics.

     
In addition, Micron Technology is also permitted to transfer shares of
Micron Electronics common stock to any other person provided that the person
agrees to be bound by these resale restrictions of this MTI shareholder
agreement.
Assuming an exchange ratio of 0.861, Micron Technology will hold
approximately 43% of the outstanding shares of the combined company.

     
Micron Technology also agreed not to acquire additional voting securities
of Micron Electronics common stock or beneficial ownership of Micron Electronics
common stock for a period of 18 months after the closing of the merger, subject
to specific exceptions.
Micron Technology also granted to Micron Electronics an
option to purchase, at any time after the closing of the merger until two years
after the closing of the merger, all outstanding shares of Micron Electronics
common stock held by Micron Technology in excess of 25% of Micron Electronics'
outstanding capital stock.
The purchase price for this option will be the
average of the closing prices of the securities on a national securities
exchange or the Nasdaq National Market over the 20 trading day period ending two
days prior to the purchase of the stock under this option.
The MTI shareholder
agreement also provides that Micron Technology will have the right to receive
information with respect to Micron Electronics so long as Micron Technology
holds at least 5% of the outstanding voting stock of Micron Electronics.


BRIDGE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics entered into a bridge loan and security agreement with Interland.

Under the terms of this agreement, if the closing of the merger has not occurred
prior to June 30, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to an
aggregate principal amount of $10.0 million to Interland between June 30, 2001
and August 30, 2001.

     
In addition, if the closing of the merger has not occurred prior to August
31, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to an aggregate principal
amount of $20.0 million, including all amounts previously advanced under this
agreement, until the earlier to occur of:

     - the closing of the merger; or

     - the termination of the merger agreement.

     
Interest accrues on amounts advanced under the bridge loan and security
agreement at the rate of 10% per year.
Loans made under this agreement will be
secured by all the assets of Interland.
These loans must also be repaid
regardless of whether the merger is completed.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT

     
In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Micron
Electronics and Kenneth Gavranovic, the current chairman and chief executive
officer of Interland, agreed to assume and amend the employment agreement dated
December 2, 1999, entered into by and between Interland and Kenneth Gavranovic.

Mr. Gavranovic will be employed as vice chairman and chief technical officer of
the combined company and will receive a base salary of $300,000 per year.

          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     
The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information
has been prepared to give effect to the merger, to be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting.
The total estimated purchase price of the merger
has been allocated on a preliminary basis to assets and liabilities based on
management's best estimates of their fair value with the excess cost over the
net assets acquired allocated to goodwill.
The adjustments to the unaudited pro
forma combined condensed financial information are subject to change pending a
final analysis of the total purchase price and the fair value of the assets and
liabilities assumed.
The impact of these changes could be material.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet as of March 1,
2001 gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred on March 1, 2001, and
combines the historical consolidated balance sheet of Micron Electronics as of
that date and the historical consolidated balance sheet of Interland as of March
31, 2001.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations for the
year ended August 31, 2000 combines the historical consolidated statement of
operations of Micron Electronics for the year ended August 31, 2000 with the
historical consolidated statement of operations of Interland for the twelve
months ended September 30, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed
statement of operations for the six month period ended March 1, 2001, combines
the historical consolidated statement of operations of Micron Electronics for
the six months ended March 1, 2001 with the historical consolidated statement of
operations of Interland for the six months ended March 31, 2001.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information is based
on estimates and assumptions.
These estimates and assumptions are preliminary
and have been made solely for purposes of developing this pro forma information.

Unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for illustrative
purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined financial
position or results of operations of future periods or the results that actually
would have been realized had the entities been a single entity during this
period.
This unaudited pro forma combined financial information is based upon
the respective historical consolidated financial statements of Micron
Electronics and Interland and related notes thereto, included in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference and should be read in
conjunction with those statements and the related notes.

              
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                              HISTORICAL
                                                   --------------------------------
                                                       MICRON
                                                    ELECTRONICS        INTERLAND
                                                   --------------    --------------
                                                       AS OF             AS OF          PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                                   MARCH 1, 2001     MARCH 31, 2001    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                                   --------------    
--------------    -----------      ---------

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents........................     
$133,059         $  33,065        $               $166,124
Liquid investments...............................       
64,906                --                          64,906
Restricted cash..................................           --             3,888                           3,888
Receivables, net.................................       
17,676             1,177                          18,853
Deferred income taxes............................       21,402                --                          21,402
Other current assets.............................        
1,598             6,164           (1,620)(a)      6,142
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       
--------
  Total current assets...........................      
238,641            44,294           (1,620)       281,315
Property, plant and equipment, net...............       47,360            39,306            3,329(a)      89,995
Goodwill and intangibles, net....................       75,129               409           80,242(a)     155,780
Investments -- held to maturity..................        7,250                --                           7,250
Other assets.....................................        8,757               827                           9,584
Net assets of discontinued operations............        5,429                --                           5,429
                                                      --------         ---------        
---------       --------
  Total assets...................................     $382,566         $  84,836        $  81,951        549,353
                                                      ========         =========        =========       ========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable and accrued expenses............     $ 14,459         $  14,063        $   4,500(a)    $ 35,422
                                                                                            2,400(a)
Current debt.....................................          852             6,748                           7,600
Deferred revenue.................................        4,812            13,835           (5,413)(a)     13,234
                                                      --------         ---------        
---------       --------
  Total current liabilities......................       20,123            34,646            1,487         56,256
Long term debt...................................           --             8,068                           8,068
Deferred income taxes............................       12,427                --                          12,427
Other liabilities................................        
9,290             1,608            1,970(a)      12,868
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       
--------
  Total liabilities..............................       41,840            44,322            3,457         89,619
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       
--------
Shareholders' equity:
Common stock.....................................          969           145,887         (145,887)(a)      1,377
                                                                                              408(a)
Additional capital...............................      135,995                --          120,323(a)     256,318
Warrants.........................................           --            18,280          (18,280)(a)         --
Deferred costs...................................           --           (20,584)          20,584(a)      (1,723)
                                                                                           (1,723)(a)
Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)..........      203,762          (103,069)         103,069(a)     203,762
                                                      --------         ---------        
---------       --------
  Total shareholders' equity.....................      340,726            40,514           78,494        459,734
                                                      --------         ---------        ---------       --------
  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity.....     $382,566         $  84,836        $  81,951       $549,353
                                                      ========         =========        =========       ========

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
                                  Statements.

         
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                              HISTORICAL
                                                    -------------------------------
                                                       MICRON
                                                     ELECTRONICS       INTERLAND
                                                    -------------    --------------
                                                           SIX MONTHS ENDED
                                                    -------------------------------     PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                                    MARCH 1, 2001    MARCH 31, 2001    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                                    -------------    
--------------    -----------      ---------

Revenues..........................................    $ 27,992          $ 21,274        $               $ 49,266
Cost of revenues..................................      
18,724            22,654          (2,953)(d)      38,885
                                                                                             275(b)
                                                                                             185(b)
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
  Gross margin....................................       9,268            (1,380)          2,493          10,381
Costs and expenses:
  Sales, marketing and technical support..........      18,251            15,409           3,888(d)       42,217
                                                                                           4,606(b)
                                                                                              63(b)
  General and administrative......................      19,096            15,268           4,583(d)       39,079
                                                                                             132(b)
  Depreciation and amortization...................          --             5,518          (5,518)(d)          --
  Goodwill amortization...........................       3,562                --           6,931(b)       10,493
  Other expense (income), net.....................         536                --                             536
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
  Total costs and expenses........................      
41,445            36,195          14,685          92,325
                                                      --------          
--------        --------        
--------
Operating loss....................................     (32,177)          (37,575)        (12,192)        (81,944)

Other.............................................       1,618                --                           1,618
Interest income, net..............................       
4,407               625                           5,032
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
Loss from continuing operations before taxes......     (26,152)          (36,950)        (12,192)        (75,294)
Income tax benefit................................       8,070                --          (8,070)(e)          --
                                                      --------          --------        --------        --------
Loss from continuing operations...................    
$(18,082)         $(36,950)       $(20,262)       $(75,294)
                                                      ========          ========        ========        ========
Loss from continuing operations per share:
  Basic and diluted...............................    
$  (0.19)         $  (0.79)                       $  (0.55)
Number of shares used in per share calculations:
  Basic and diluted...............................      96,734            46,724          40,767(c)      137,501
                                                                                         (46,724)(c)

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
                                  Statements.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                      HISTORICAL
                                         ------------------------------------
                                             MICRON
                                           ELECTRONICS         INTERLAND
                                         ---------------   
------------------
                                                 TWELVE MONTHS ENDED
                                         ------------------------------------    
PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                         AUGUST 31, 2000   SEPTEMBER 30, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                         ---------------   ------------------   -----------      ---------

Revenues...............................     $ 32,862            $ 27,697         $               $  60,559
Cost of revenues.......................       
24,335              25,407           (5,551)(d)       49,315
                                                                                    4,754(b)
                                                                                      370(b)
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
  Gross margin.........................        8,527               2,290              427           11,244
Costs and expenses:
  Sales, marketing and technical
     support...........................       26,157              31,208            6,408(d)        73,111
                                                                                    9,213(b)
                                                                                      125(b)
  General and administrative...........       23,640              21,590            3,273(d)        51,470
                                                                                    2,967(b)
  Depreciation and amortization........                            4,130           (4,130)(d)
  Goodwill amortization................        4,920                  --           13,863(b)        18,783
  Other expense (income), net..........          634                  --                               634
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
  Total costs and expenses.............       55,351              56,928           31,719          143,998
                                            --------            
--------         --------        
---------
Operating loss.........................      (46,824)            (54,638)         (31,292)        (132,754)

Other..................................         (592)                 --                              (592)
Interest income, net...................       11,476                 810                            12,286
                                            --------            --------         --------        ---------
Loss from continuing operations before
  taxes................................      (35,940)            (53,828)         (31,292)        (121,060)
Income tax benefit.....................        9,748                  --           (9,748)(e)           --
                                            --------            
--------         --------        
---------
Loss from continuing operations........     
$(26,192)           $(53,828)        $(41,040)       $(121,060)
                                            
========            ========         ========        =========
Loss from continuing operations per
  share:
  Basic and diluted....................     $  (0.27)           $  (1.99)                        $   (0.88)
Number of shares used in per share
  calculations:
  Basic and diluted....................       
96,447              27,058           40,767(c)       137,214
                                                                                  (27,058)(c)

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
                                  Statements.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1.
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

     The pro forma combined condensed balance sheet gives effect to the merger
as if it had occurred on March 1, 2001 with respect to the balance sheet of
Micron Electronics or on March 31, 2001, with respect to the balance sheet of
Interland.

     
On March 23, 2001, Micron Electronics announced it would acquire all the
outstanding common stock of Interland by issuing 0.8610 shares of Micron
Electronics common stock in exchange for each share of Interland common stock.

In addition, Micron Electronics will issue options and warrants to purchase
shares of Micron Electronics common stock in exchange for each issued and
outstanding Interland option and warrant using the ratio of 0.8610 shares of
Micron Electronics for each share of Interland.
The exchange ratio could be
adjusted as provided in the merger agreement.
The following adjustments have
been reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet:

          (a) To record common stock, options and warrants issued to the
     shareholders of Interland, the elimination of Interland equity and the
     application of purchase accounting.

     
Under purchase accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to
Interland's assets and liabilities based on their fair values as required by
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16, Business Combinations.
The
allocations are subject to valuations as of the date of the consummation of the
merger.
The amounts and components of the estimated purchase price along with
the preliminary allocation of the estimated purchase price to net assets
purchased are presented below.

     
The assumed total purchase price of approximately $125.2 million consists
of approximately 40.8 million shares of Micron Electronics' common stock assumed
to be issued with an estimated fair value of $112.7 million, 9.6 million vested
and unvested stock options and warrants with an estimated fair value of $8.1
million, and estimated direct transaction costs of approximately $4.5 million.

The 40.8 million shares of Micron Electronics common stock to be issued is based
upon 47,348,585 shares of Interland common stock outstanding at March 31, 2001
at the exchange ratio of 0.861.
The fair value of Micron Electronics' common
stock was determined as the average market price from March 21, 2001 to March
27, 2001, which includes two trading days prior and two trading days subsequent
to the public announcement of the merger.
The fair value of the common stock
options and warrants were estimated using the Black Scholes option pricing model
with the following weighted-average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of
4.5%, expected lives of 3.5 and 3.1 years, respectively, expected dividend rate
of 0%, and volatility of 76%.


Purchase Price

                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)

Common stock...........................................     $    408
Additional paid-in capital.............................      
112,273
Fair value of options and warrants.....................        8,050
Transaction costs......................................        4,500
                                                            --------
                                                            $125,231
                                                            ========

     The total purchase price will be allocated to assets acquired, including
tangible and intangible assets, and liabilities assumed based on the fair value
of such assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.
A valuation of the
intangible assets, fixed assets and deferred revenue is being conducted by an
independent third-party appraisal company and is expected to be completed prior
to closing.
In addition, management is in the process of assessing and
formulating its integration plans, which are expected to include employee
separations and eliminations of duplicate facilities.
The finalization of these
plans could result in a material

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

change to the estimated accrual for elimination of duplicate resources and
related costs.
While the exact amount is not known management currently
estimates the amount to be approximately $2.4 million.


Allocation of Purchase Price

Net historical book value of assets acquired, net of
  liabilities assumed..................................     
$ 40,514
Excess of fair value of property, plant and equipment
  over historical book value...........................        
3,329
Adjust historical deferred revenue and related costs to
  fair value:
  Other current assets.................................       (1,620)
  Deferred revenue.....................................        5,413
  Other liabilities....................................       (1,970)
Accrual for elimination of duplicate resources and
  related costs........................................       (2,400)

Deferred costs relating to warrant agreements..........        
1,723
Intangible assets:
  Workforce in place...................................        
7,400
  Interland's tradename................................        4,800
  Reseller arrangements................................        1,000
  Technology in place..................................       12,000
  Goodwill.............................................       55,042
                                                            --------
Net assets acquired....................................     $125,231
                                                            ========

     The actual allocation of the purchase price will depend upon the
composition of Interland's net assets on the closing date and Micron
Electronics' evaluation of the fair value of the net assets as of that date.

Additionally, as discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, the
exchange ratio of 0.861 shares of Micron Electronics common stock for each share
of Interland common stock could be adjusted as provided in the merger agreement
in the event that Micron Electronics' cash and cash equivalents, including any
amounts to be received by Micron Electronics for tax refunds, less the amount of
any liabilities and related reserves that do not relate to its HostPro business
are less than $200 million minus the amount of any bridge loan made by Micron
Electronics to Interland as of the closing of the merger.
Consequently, the
purchase price and the actual allocation of the purchase price will differ from
that presented above.


NOTE 2.
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

     The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations gives
effect to the merger as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented.

     
The following adjustments have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of operations:

          (b) Adjustment to record additional depreciation on revalued property,
     plant and equipment, deferred costs relating to warrant agreements and
     amortization of goodwill and intangible assets resulting from the
     allocation of the purchase price.
The pro forma adjustment assumes
     goodwill, other

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     intangible assets and deferred costs will be amortized on a straight-line
     basis over the following estimated lives:

Workforce in place..........................................          3.0 years
Technology in place.........................................          1.5 years
Interland trade name........................................          4.0 years
Reseller agreements.........................................  0.75 to 2.3 years
Goodwill....................................................          4.0 years
Deferred costs..............................................   2.3 to 4.4 years

     
The ultimate lives assigned will be determined at the date of acquisition
based on the facts and circumstances existing at that date.

          
(c) To reflect the estimated shares of Micron Electronics' common
     stock to be issued as consideration for the merger and to eliminate
     Interland weighted average shares.

          
(d) To reclassify certain amounts to conform with Micron Electronics'
     presentation.

          
(e) To eliminate Micron Electronics' income tax benefit.
It is assumed
     that the combined entity will not meet the requirements to recognize the
     benefit of net operating losses as income from the discontinued operations
     will not be available to offset losses from continuing operations in future
     periods.


NOTE 3.
NET ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     
The sale of the PC Systems and SpecTek businesses are described more fully
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     
Consistent with accounting for discontinued operations, Micron Electronics
recorded an estimate of future operating losses from the PC Systems business
between March 2, 2001 and May 31, 2001, the expected completion date of the
sale, and an estimate of the loss on disposal of the discontinued operation.

This estimated loss recorded in the second fiscal quarter ended March 1, 2001
was $147.5 million.
Based on the final terms of the agreement to sell the PC
Systems business, the revised estimated loss is approximately $170.5 million.

Management believes that these estimates are reasonable; however, they are based
on preliminary data and are subject to revision.

     
On March 22, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a Purchase Agreement to
sell all assets primarily used by SpecTek and certain land, buildings and
intellectual property assets used primarily by the PC Systems business to MTI.

This disposal of this business will be recorded during Micron Electronics' third
fiscal quarter of 2001.

     
The net assets of discontinued operations consists of the assets and
liabilities of the discontinued operations, including estimated future operating
losses and loss on disposal, as of March 1, 2001.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     
A summary of the net assets of discontinued operations as of March 1, 2001
follows:

                                                           PC SYSTEMS    SPECTEK       TOTAL
                                                           ----------    --------    ---------

ASSETS
Cash and equivalents...................................    $  84,202     $     --    $  84,202
Receivables............................................      
104,123       38,430      142,553
Inventories............................................       16,281       29,764       46,045
Other current assets...................................        9,524           --        9,524
Property, plant and equipment, net.....................      130,241       34,913      165,154
Other assets...........................................        7,551          469        8,020
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Total assets...........................................      351,922      103,576      455,498
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------

LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses..................      147,959      128,323      276,282
Other liabilities......................................       20,668          219       20,887
                                                           ---------     --------    
---------
Total liabilities......................................      
168,627      128,542      297,169
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Provision for losses, before tax benefit...............      152,900           --      152,900
                                                           ---------     --------    ---------
Net assets of discontinued operations..................    $  30,395     $(24,966)   $   5,429
                                                           =========     ========    =========

     Subsequent to March 1, 2001, based on the final terms of the agreement to
sell the PC Systems business, the estimated loss from discontinued operations
was increased approximately $23 million.

                    
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

     Micron Electronics common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol MUEI since April 10, 1995.
Interland common stock has
been traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol ILND since July 25,
2000, the date of Interland's initial public offering.

     
The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and
low sale prices per share of Micron Electronics common stock and Interland
common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.

                                                              
MICRON ELECTRONICS
                                                                 COMMON STOCK
                                                              ------------------
                                                               HIGH        LOW
                                                              -------    -------

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 1999:
  First Quarter.............................................  $24.75     $13.38
  Second Quarter............................................   22.63      11.25
  Third Quarter.............................................   13.13       9.38
  Fourth Quarter............................................   
12.03       9.00
Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2000:
  First Quarter.............................................  $13.75     $ 9.56
  Second Quarter............................................   
13.31       9.81
  Third Quarter.............................................   
20.69       8.19
  Fourth Quarter............................................   
14.44       9.19
Fiscal Year Ending August 31, 2001:
  First Quarter.............................................  $14.44     $ 5.25
  Second Quarter............................................    5.00       3.03
  Third Quarter (through May 17)............................    4.00       1.50

                                                                 INTERLAND
                                                               COMMON STOCK
                                                              ---------------
                                                               HIGH      LOW
                                                              ------    -----

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000:
  Third Quarter (beginning July 25, 2000)...................  $12.00    $6.19
  Fourth Quarter............................................    8.63     1.75
Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001:
  First Quarter.............................................    3.75     1.06
  Second Quarter (through May 17)...........................    1.88     1.11

     The following table sets forth the closing prices per share of Micron
Electronics common stock and Interland common stock as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market on (1) March 22, 2001, the business day preceding public
announcement that Micron Electronics and Interland had entered into the merger
agreement and (2)             , 2001, the last full trading day for which
closing prices were available at the time of the printing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

     
This table also sets forth the equivalent price per share of Interland
common stock on those dates.
The equivalent price per share is equal to the
closing price of a share of Micron Electronics common stock on that date
multiplied by 0.8610, the number of shares of Micron Electronics common stock to
be issued in exchange for each share of Interland common stock.

                                                                                     
EQUIVALENT
                                              INTERLAND        MICRON ELECTRONICS     PER SHARE
                                             COMMON STOCK         COMMON STOCK          PRICE
                                           ----------------    ------------------    -----------

March 22, 2001...........................       $1.75                $3.44              $2.96
            , 2001.......................       $                    $                  $

     Micron Electronics and Interland believe that Interland common stock
presently trades on the basis of the value of the Micron Electronics common
stock expected to be issued in exchange for the Interland common stock in the
merger, discounted primarily for the uncertainties associated with the merger.

     
Apart from the factors described in publicly disclosed information
concerning Micron Electronics that is included or incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Micron Electronics cannot state with
certainty what factors account for changes in the market price of the Micron
Electronics common stock.

     
Interland shareholders are advised to obtain current market quotations for
Micron Electronics common stock and Interland common stock.
No assurance can be
given as to the market prices of Micron Electronics common stock or Interland
common stock at any time before the consummation of the merger or as to the
market price of Micron Electronics common stock at any time after the merger.

The exchange ratio will not be adjusted to compensate Interland shareholders for
decreases in the market price of Micron Electronics common stock that could
occur before the merger becomes effective.
In the event the market price of
Micron Electronics common stock decreases or increases prior to the consummation
of the merger, the value of the Micron Electronics common stock to be received
in the merger in exchange for Interland common stock would correspondingly
decrease or increase.

     
Micron Electronics and Interland have never paid cash dividends on their
shares of capital stock.
Under the merger agreement, each of Micron Electronics
and Interland has agreed not to pay cash dividends pending the consummation of
the merger, without written consent of the other.
If the merger is not
consummated, the Interland board of directors presently intends that it would
continue its policy of retaining all earnings to finance the expansion of its
business.
The Micron Electronics board of directors presently intends to retain
all earnings for use in its business and has no present intention to pay cash
dividends before or after the merger.

                       COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
                      MICRON ELECTRONICS COMMON STOCK AND
                             INTERLAND COMMON STOCK

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes differences
between Micron Electronics common stock and Interland common stock.
While we
believe that the description covers the material differences between the two,
this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you,
including the articles of incorporation and bylaws of each company.
You should
read this entire document and the other documents we refer to carefully for a
more complete understanding of the differences between Micron Electronics common
stock and Interland common stock.
You may obtain the information incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following
the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information"
on page 1.

     
Micron Electronics is incorporated in the State of Minnesota and Interland
is incorporated in the State of Georgia.
Shareholders of Interland will hold
Micron Electronics common stock rather than Interland common stock.
Therefore,
the rights of these shareholders will be governed by Minnesota law, and the
provisions of the Micron Electronics articles of incorporation and bylaws,
rather than the Interland articles of incorporation and the Interland bylaws.


POWER TO CALL SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

     Georgia law permits a special meeting of shareholders to be called by:

     - the board of directors or the persons authorized to do so by the articles
       or bylaws; or

     - the written demand or demands delivered to the corporation of holders of
       at least 25%, or such other percentage as may be provided in the articles
       or bylaws, of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to
       be considered at the proposed special meeting.

     
The Interland bylaws provide that the chairman of the board of directors or
the president may call a special meeting at any time.
However, the president or
the secretary must call a special meeting either when directed by the board of
directors or at the written request of shareholders owning at least 25% of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting.

     
Minnesota law permits special meetings to be called by the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, two or more directors, a person authorized in
the articles or bylaws to call special meetings, or a shareholder or
shareholders holding 10% or more of the voting power of all shares entitled to
vote.
A special meeting for the purpose of considering any action to facilitate
or effect a business combination, however, including any action to change or
otherwise affect the composition of the board of directors for that purpose,
must be called by 25% or more of the voting power of all shares entitled to
vote.
The Micron Electronics bylaws do not differ from the Minnesota statute.

ACTIONS BY WRITTEN CONSENT OF SHAREHOLDERS

     Under Georgia law, action required or permitted to be taken at a
shareholders' meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by
all the shareholders entitled to vote on the action or, if so provided in the
articles, by persons who would be entitled to vote at a meeting shares having
voting power to cast not less than the minimum number (or numbers, in the case
of voting groups) of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the
action at a meeting at which all shareholders entitled to vote were present and
voted.
The action must be evidenced by one or more written consents bearing the
date of signature and describing the action taken, signed by shareholders
entitled to take action without a meeting and delivered to the corporation for
inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records.

     
Under Minnesota law, any action which may be taken at a meeting may be
taken without a meeting by written consent signed by all of the shareholders
entitled to vote on that action.
Unless the written action provides otherwise,
it becomes effective when signed by all those shareholders.


INSPECTION OF SHAREHOLDER LIST

     Georgia law provides that a shareholders' list must be available for
inspection by any shareholder, or such person's agent or attorney at the time
and place of the meeting.

     
Minnesota law provides that a shareholder, beneficial owner or a holder of
a voting trust certificate of a publicly held corporation has, upon written
demand stating the purpose, a right at any reasonable time to examine and copy
the corporation's share register and other corporate records reasonably related
to the stated purpose and described with reasonable particularity in the written
demand upon demonstrating the stated purpose to be proper.


SHAREHOLDER VOTING ON BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

Statutory mergers

     Under Georgia law, unless the articles of incorporation, the bylaws, or the
board of directors requires a greater vote or a vote by voting groups, the plan
of merger or share exchange to be authorized must be approved by (1) a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast on the plan by all shares entitled to vote
on the plan, voting as a single voting group; and (2) a majority of all the
votes entitled to be cast by holders of the shares of each voting group entitled
to vote separately on the plan as a voting group by the articles of
incorporation.

     
Action by the shareholders of the surviving corporation on a plan of merger
or by the shareholders of the acquiring corporation in a share exchange, is not
required if:

     - the articles of incorporation of the surviving or acquiring corporation
       will not differ from its articles before the merger or share exchange;

     - each share of stock of the surviving or acquiring corporation outstanding
       immediately before the effective date of the merger or share exchange is
       to be an identical outstanding or reacquired share immediately after the
       merger or share exchange; and

     - the number and kind of shares outstanding immediately after the merger or
       share exchange, plus the number and kind of shares issuable as a result
       of the merger or share exchange and by the conversion of securities
       issued pursuant to the merger or share exchange, or the exercise of
       rights and warrants issued pursuant to the merger or share exchange, will
       not exceed the total number and kind of shares of the surviving or
       acquiring corporation authorized by its articles of incorporation
       immediately before the merger or share exchange.

     
Under Minnesota law the plan of merger shall be submitted at a meeting to
the shareholders of each constituent corporation.
At the meeting, a vote of the
owners must be taken on the proposed plan.
The plan of merger is adopted when
approved by the holders of a majority of all shares entitled to vote.

     
Submission of a plan of merger to a vote at a meeting of shareholders of a
surviving corporation is not required if:

     - the articles of the corporation will not be amended in the transaction;

     - each holder of shares of the corporation that were outstanding
       immediately before the effective time of the transaction will hold the
       same number of shares with identical rights immediately thereafter;

     - the voting power of the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to
       vote immediately after the merger, plus the voting power of the shares of
       the corporation entitled to vote issuable on conversion of or on the
       exercise of rights to purchase, securities issued in the transaction,
       will not exceed by more than 20%, the voting power of the outstanding
       shares of the corporation entitled to vote immediately before the
       transaction; and

     - the number of participating shares of the corporation immediately after
       the merger, plus the number of participating shares of the corporation
       issuable on conversion of, or on the exercise of

       rights to purchase, securities issued in the transaction, will not exceed
       by more than 20% the number of participating shares of the corporation
       immediately before the transaction.


Sale of assets

     Both Georgia and Minnesota law require that a sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of a corporation be approved by a majority of the outstanding
voting shares of the corporation transferring such assets.


CLASS VOTING

     Georgia law requires that mergers be approved by a majority of all the
votes entitled to be cast by holders of the shares of each voting group entitled
to vote separately on the plan as a voting group by the articles of
incorporation.

     
In addition, Georgia law as well as Minnesota law provides that shares of a
class or series not otherwise entitled to vote on the merger are entitled to
vote on a plan of merger if the plan contains a provision that, if contained in
a proposed amendment to the articles of incorporation, would require action by
that class or series of shares voting as a separate group on the proposed
amendment.


SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL OF BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

     Georgia regulates business combinations with interested shareholders.
The
restrictive period for these transactions is five years, with limited
exceptions.
The requirements of this part of the Georgia Business Corporation
Code do not apply to business combinations of a corporation unless the bylaws of
the corporation specifically provide that all of such requirements are
applicable to the corporation.
The bylaws of Interland are silent regarding
these requirements.

     
Minnesota law provides that an issuing public corporation may not engage in
any business combination or aid a subsidiary in doing so for a four-year period
following the interested shareholder's share acquisition date unless the
combination is approved prior to that date by a board committee of the issuing
public corporation.


CUMULATIVE VOTING

     In an election of directors under cumulative voting, each share of stock
normally having one vote is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of
directors to be elected.
A shareholder may then cast all such votes for a single
candidate or may allocate them among as many candidates as the shareholder may
choose.
Without cumulative voting, the holders of a majority of the shares
present at an annual meeting or any special meeting held to elect directors
would have the power to elect all the directors to be elected at that meeting,
and no person could be elected without the support of holders of a majority of
the shares voting at such meeting.

     
Georgia law provides that shareholders do not have a right to cumulate
their votes for directors unless the articles so provide.
If the articles so
provide a shareholder may cumulate votes in the election of directors if the
meeting notice or Proxy Statement accompanying the notice states that cumulative
voting will be in effect or upon proper notice of his or her intention to do so.

The Interland bylaws state that shareholders do not have a right to cumulate
their votes for directors.

     
Minnesota law provides that unless the articles do not permit cumulative
voting, shareholders may cumulate their votes in the election of directors by
giving written notice of intent to do so to any officer before the meeting, or
to the presiding officer at the meeting at which the election is to occur.
The
Micron Electronics articles provide that there shall be no cumulative voting by
the shareholders of the corporation.


SHAREHOLDER DERIVATIVE SUITS

     Under Georgia law, a shareholder may not commence or maintain a derivative
proceeding unless the shareholder:

     - was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the act or omission
       complained of or became a shareholder through transfer by operation of
       law from one who was a shareholder at that time; and

     - fairly and adequately represents the interests of the corporation in
       enforcing the right of the corporation.

     
In order to commence a derivative proceeding the shareholder must first
make a written demand on the corporation to take suitable action and wait 90
days from the date the demand was made or until the demand is rejected by the
corporation or unless irreparable injury would result to the corporation by
waiting for the expiration of the 90 day period.

     
Minnesota law provides no specific statutory provisions dealing with
shareholder derivative suits.


DISSENTERS' RIGHT OF APPRAISAL

     Under Georgia law and Minnesota law, a shareholder of a corporation
participating in some major corporate transactions may, under varying
circumstances, be entitled to dissenters' right of appraisal under which such
shareholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair market value of the
shares held by such shareholder in lieu of the consideration such shareholder
would otherwise receive in the transaction.
The fair market value of the shares
is determined by either a court or an agreement between the corporation and the
shareholder.
The limitations on the availability of dissenters' rights under
Georgia law are different from those under Minnesota law.

     
There is no right of dissent in Georgia in favor of the holder of shares of
any class or series that, at the record date fixed to determine the shareholders
entitled to receive notice of and to vote at a meeting at which a plan of merger
is to be acted on, were either listed on a national securities exchange or held
of record by more than 2,000 shareholders, unless specified requirements are
met.

     
Under Minnesota law, unless the articles, the bylaws, or a resolution
approved by the board of directors otherwise provide, if the shareholder's
shares are not entitled to be voted on the merger, the right to obtain payment
does not apply to a shareholder of the surviving corporation in a merger, with
respect to shares of the shareholder that are not entitled to be voted on the
merger and are not canceled or exchanged in the merger.

DIVIDENDS AND REPURCHASES OF SHARES

     Under Georgia law there are no specific statutory provisions dealing with
dividend sources.
Georgia law provides that no distribution may be made if,
after giving it effect either:

     - the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in
       the usual course of business; or

     - the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total
       liabilities plus (unless the articles permit otherwise) the amount that
       would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of
       the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of
       shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving
       the distribution.

     
In addition, Georgia law generally provides that a corporation may acquire
its own shares.

     
The Interland bylaws provide that distributions upon the shares of the
corporation may by declared by the board of directors at any regular or special
meeting, pursuant to law.
Before payment of any distribution, there may be set
aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum as
the directors, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve.

     
Under Minnesota law, permissible sources for the payment of dividends are
not specified in the statute.
Minnesota law provides that distributions may be
made only if the corporation will be able to pay its debts in the ordinary
course of business after doing so.
A determination that the corporation will be
able to pay such debts is presumed to be proper if such determination is made on
the basis of financial information prepared in accordance with accounting or
other methods reasonable under the circumstances.

     
A corporation may also acquire its own shares, subject to the statutory
restrictions on corporate distributions and share purchases from five-percent
beneficial owners.

     
The Micron Electronics bylaws state that the board may declare dividends
whenever and in such amounts as it deems advisable.


SIZE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Under Georgia law a board of directors must consist of one or more
individuals, with the number specified or fixed in accordance with the articles
or bylaws.
The articles or bylaws may authorize the shareholders or the board of
directors to fix or change the number or may establish a variable range for the
size of the board of directors by fixing a minimum and maximum number of
directors.
If a variable range is established, the number of directors may be
fixed or changed from time to time, within the minimum and maximum, by the
shareholders or, if the articles or bylaws so provide, the board of directors.

The Interland bylaws set the number of directors at not less than five nor more
than fifteen, the number to be determined from time to time by resolution of
Interland's board of directors or shareholders.

     
Under Minnesota law a corporation must have one or more directors.
The
number is set in the manner provided in the bylaws or articles of incorporation
and may be changed by amendment to or in the manner provided in the articles or
bylaws.
The Micron Electronics bylaws provide that the number of directors will
be established by resolution of the shareholders subject to the authority of the
board of directors to increase or decrease the number of directors as permitted
by law.
If the proposed amendment to the Micron Electronics' bylaws is approved,
the Micron Electronics board will be authorized to reduce its size.


CLASSIFIED BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     A classified board of directors is one in which a particular number of
directors, but not necessarily all, are elected on a rotating basis each year.

     
Georgia law permits the articles or bylaws of a corporation to provide for
a classified board of directors, under which the directors can be divided into
as many as three classes with staggered terms of office, with only one class of
directors standing for election each year.
The Interland articles and bylaws
provide for a classified board of directors.

     
Minnesota law provides that directors may be divided into classes as
provided in the articles or bylaws.
A fixed term of a director must not be
longer than five years.
If the proposed amendment to the Micron Electronics'
bylaws is approved, the Micron Electronics board members will have terms of at
least two years from one closing date of the merger, with an indefinite term
after that time.
Neither the Micron Electronics articles nor the Micron
Electronics bylaws provide for a classified board of directors.


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     Under Georgia law, the shareholders may remove directors with or without
cause unless the articles or a bylaw adopted by the shareholders provides that
directors may be removed only for cause.
If a director is elected by a voting
group of shareholders, only the shareholders of that voting group may
participate in the vote to remove that director.
If cumulative voting is
authorized, a director may not be removed if the number of votes sufficient to
elect the director under cumulative voting is voted against the director's
removal.
If cumulative voting is not authorized, a director may be removed only
by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast.
If the directors have staggered
terms, they may be removed only for cause, unless the articles or a bylaw
adopted by the shareholders provides otherwise.

     
The Interland bylaws state that the shareholders may remove any director
only for cause by the vote of shareholders representing a majority of the issued
and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote for the election of directors.

     
Under Minnesota law, unless the articles, bylaws or a shareholder control
agreement provide otherwise, a director may be removed at any time, with or
without cause, if (1) the director was named by the board of directors to fill a
vacancy, (2) the shareholders have not elected directors in the interval between
the time of the appointment to fill a vacancy and the time of the removal, and
(3) a majority of the remaining directors present affirmatively vote to remove
the director.
Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares
entitled to vote at an election of directors.
A director who was elected solely
by the holders of a class or series of shares, as stated in the articles or
bylaws, may be removed only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the voting power of all shares of that class or series entitled to vote at an
election of that director.
However, in the case of a corporation having
cumulative voting, unless the entire board of directors is removed
simultaneously, no directors may be removed if the votes cast against their
removal would be sufficient if cumulatively voted to elect them.

     
Micron Electronics current bylaws mirror the Minnesota statute.
If the
proposed amendment to Micron Electronics' bylaws is approved, directors may not
be removed except for cause, for a period of two years following the closing of
the merger.


DIRECTORS' COMMITTEES

     Under Georgia law, unless the articles or bylaws provide otherwise, a board
of directors may create committees and appoint board members to serve on them.

To the extent specified by the board of directors or in the articles or bylaws,
each committee may exercise the authority of the board of directors.
A committee
may not, however:

     - approve or propose to shareholders action that is required to be approved
       by shareholders;

     - fill vacancies on the board of directors or on any of its committees;

     - amend the articles, except that, as authorized by a resolution adopted by
       the board of directors, a committee may amend the articles of
       incorporation to fix the designations, preferences, limitations and
       relative rights of shares or to change the number of shares in a series,
       but not below the number of such shares then issued;

     - adopt, amend or repeal bylaws; or

     - approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval.

     
The Interland bylaws specifically give the board of directors authority to
create committees and appoint directors to serve on them.

     
Under Minnesota law, the board of directors by resolution approved by a
majority of the board of directors, may establish committees having the
authority of the board of directors in the management of the business of the
corporation.
Committees are subject at all times to the direction and control of
the board of directors.
Committee members must be natural persons and need not
be directors.
The Micron Electronics bylaws allow the establishment of
committees on the vote of a majority of the board of directors.


TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS

     Under Georgia law a director's conflicting interest transaction with
respect to a corporation means a transaction effected or proposed to be effected
by the corporation (or a subsidiary of the corporation or any other entity in
which the corporation has a controlling interest) respecting which a director of
the corporation has a conflicting interest.
A director's conflicting interest
transaction may not be enjoined, set aside, or give rise to an award of damages
or other sanctions, on the ground of an interest in the

transaction of the director or any person with whom or which he has a personal,
economic, or other association if:

     - The transaction received the affirmative vote of a majority (but not less
       than two) of those qualified directors on the board of directors or on a
       duly empowered committee thereof who voted on the transaction with either
       required disclosure to them; or

     - If a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all
       qualified shares were cast in favor of the transaction after notice to
       the shareholders describing the director's conflicting interest
       transaction, the director who has the conflicting interest informs the
       secretary of the number, and the identity of persons holding or
       controlling the vote, of all shares that to the knowledge of the director
       are beneficially owned (or the voting of which is controlled) by the
       director or by a related person of the director, or both, and the
       required disclosure is made to the shareholders who voted on the
       transaction (to the extent the information was known to them).

     
An officer's conflicting interest transaction under Georgia law is defined
as any transaction, other than a director's conflicting interest transaction,
between a corporation (or a subsidiary of the corporation or any other entity in
which the corporation has a controlling interest) and one or more of its
officers or between a corporation and a related person of an officer.
An
officer's conflicting interest transaction may not be enjoined, set aside, or
give rise to an award of damages or other sanctions, in an action by a
shareholder or by or in the right of the corporation, on the ground of an
interest in the transaction of the officer or any person with whom or which he
has a personal, economic, or other association, if:

     - The transaction was approved by the board of directors after required
       disclosure;

     - The transaction was approved by the shareholders after required
       disclosure; or

     - The transaction, judged in the circumstances at the time of commitment,
       is established to have been fair to the corporation.

     
Minnesota law provides that a corporation may, with the affirmative vote of
a majority of directors present, lend money to, guarantee an obligation of,
become a surety for, or otherwise financially assist a person if:

     - the transaction is in the usual course of business;

     - is with or for the benefit of a related organization, an organization in
       which the corporation has a financial interest, an organization with
       which the corporation has a business relationship, or an organization to
       which the corporation has the power to make donations, any of which
       relationships constitute consideration sufficient to make the financial
       assistance so approved enforceable against the corporation;

     - is with, or for the benefit of, an officer or other employee of the
       corporation or a subsidiary, and may reasonably be expected, in the
       board's judgment, to benefit the corporation; or

     - whether or not any separate consideration has been paid or promised to
       the corporation, has been approved

        - by the holders of two-thirds of the voting power of the shares
          entitled to vote that are owned by persons other than the interested
          person(s), or

        - by the unanimous affirmative vote of the holders of all outstanding
          shares whether or not entitled to vote.

     
The Micron Electronics bylaws mirror the Minnesota statute and provide that
the loan, guarantee, surety contract or other financial assistance may be with
or without interest, and may be unsecured, or may be secured in the manner as a
majority of the directors approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of or
other security interest in the shares of the corporation.


INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

     Under Georgia law a corporation may indemnify an individual made a party to
a proceeding conducted himself in good faith and because such person is or was a
director.
The corporation may indemnify against liability incurred in the
proceeding if the director conducted himself in good faith and reasonably
believed that his conduct was in the corporation's best interests, and that in
the case of any criminal proceeding, the director had no reasonable cause to
believe the conduct was unlawful.
The termination of a proceeding by judgment,
order, settlement or conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its
equivalent is not, of itself, determinative that the director did not meet the
necessary standard of conduct.
A corporation can indemnify a director against
reasonable expenses incurred by such person in connection with the proceeding.
A
corporation may not indemnify a director in connection with:

     - a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation, except for reasonable
       expenses required in connection with the proceeding if it is determined
       that the director has met the relevant standard of conduct; or

     - any other proceeding with respect to conduct for which he or she was
       adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly
       received by him or her, whether or not involving action in his or her
       official capacity.

     
A corporation must indemnify a director who was wholly successful, on the
merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he was a party
because he was a director of the corporation against reasonable expenses
incurred by the director in connection with the proceeding.

     
A corporation may, before final disposition of a proceeding, advance funds
to pay for or reimburse the reasonable expenses incurred by a director who is a
party to a proceeding because he or she is a director if the director delivers
to the corporation a written affirmation of the director's good faith belief
that he or she has met the relevant standard of conduct or that the proceeding
involves conduct for which liability has been eliminated under the articles and
the director undertakes to repay any funds if it is determined that the director
is not entitled to indemnification.

     
As well, a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of an
individual who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation of who, while a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation serves at the corporation's request as a director, officer, partner,
trustee, employee or agent of another domestic or foreign corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other entity against
liability asserted against or incurred by such individual in that capacity or
arising from the person's status, regardless of whether the corporation
otherwise would have power to indemnify the individual against the same
liability.

     
Georgia law also provides that a corporation may, by a provision in its
articles or bylaws or in a resolution adopted or a contract approved by its
board of directors or shareholders, obligate itself in advance of the act or
omission giving rise to a proceeding to provide indemnification or pay for or
reimburse expenses consistent with Georgia law.
Any provision that obligates the
corporation to provide indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by law
shall be deemed to obligate the corporation to advance funds to pay for or
reimburse expenses in accordance with Georgia law to the fullest extent
permitted by law, unless the provision specifically provides otherwise.
Such a
provision shall not obligate the corporation to indemnify or advance expenses to
a director or a predecessor of the corporation, pertaining to conduct with
respect to the predecessor, unless otherwise specifically provided.
A
corporation may, by a provision in its articles, limit any of the rights to
indemnification or advance for expenses.

     
The Interland bylaws mirror the Georgia statute.
The bylaws provide that
every officer or director, to the extent that he has been successful in defense
of any proceeding to which he was a party because he is or was an officer or
director of the corporation, shall be indemnified by the corporation against
reasonable expenses.

     
Minnesota law provides that unless the articles or bylaws provide
otherwise, a corporation must indemnify a person made or threatened to be made a
party to a proceeding by reason of the former or present official capacity of
the person.
A director may be indemnified in connection with a proceeding so
long as the director:

     - has not been indemnified by another organization for the same judgments,
       penalties, fines, settlements or expenses;

     - acted in good faith;

     - received no improper personal benefit;

     - with respect to criminal proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe
       the conduct was unlawful; and

     - reasonably believed the conduct to be in or not opposed to the best
       interests of the corporation.

     
A director made or threatened to be made a party to a proceeding is
entitled, upon written request to the corporation, to payment or reimbursement
by the corporation of reasonable expenses incurred by the person in advance of
the final disposition of the proceeding.

     
As well, under Minnesota law indemnification insurance may be purchased and
maintained whether or not the corporation would have been required to indemnify
the person under the statute.

     
The Micron Electronics articles provide that a director of the corporation
shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its shareholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability for:

     - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
       shareholders;

     - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

     - under sections 302A.559 or 80A.23 of the Minnesota Statutes;

     - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit; or

     - any act or omission occurring prior to the date when this Article became
       effective.


DISSOLUTION

     Under Georgia law and Minnesota law a corporation may be dissolved upon
adoption of a resolution by the board and a vote by the holders of a majority of
all shares entitled to vote at a meeting called for such purpose.

                    
ADDITIONAL MATTERS BEING SUBMITTED TO A
                  VOTE OF ONLY MICRON ELECTRONICS SHAREHOLDERS

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 2

               APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

     Micron Electronics' articles of incorporation currently authorize Micron
Electronics to issue up to 150,000,000 shares of common stock.
This proposal
would amend the articles of incorporation to authorize Micron Electronics to
issue up to 200,000,000 shares of capital stock and change the name Micron
Electronics, Inc. to "Interland, Inc." upon the closing of the merger.
The
larger number of authorized shares of common stock provided for in this proposal
will provide Micron Electronics the certainty and flexibility necessary to
undertake various types of transactions, including financings, increases in the
shares reserved for issuance pursuant to stock incentive plans, or other
corporate transactions not yet determined.

     
In order for the board of directors to be able to respond to future
circumstances with a reasonable degree of flexibility, Micron Electronics must
have a sufficient number of authorized shares to cover any stock dividends or
other transactions.
There are currently 150 million shares authorized and
approximately 97 million issued and outstanding shares of Micron Electronics'
common stock and approximately 22 million shares reserved for issuance under
Micron Electronics' stock plans.
In addition, based on an assumed exchange ratio
of 0.861 and 47,348,585 shares of Interland common stock outstanding as of March
15, 2001, Micron Electronics will issue approximately 40,767,132 shares in the
merger, excluding options and warrants to purchase Interland common stock to be
assumed in the merger.
Under the proposed amendment to the articles of
incorporation, the additional shares of common stock would be available for
issuance without further shareholder action, unless shareholder action is
otherwise required by Minnesota law or the rules of any stock exchange or
automated quotation system on which the common stock may then be listed or
quoted.
Micron Electronics has no current plans to issue the remainder of the
additional authorized shares, other than shares that could be issued in
connection with any additional stock options granted under its 2001 Equity
Incentive Plan, 1995 Stock Option Plan or its Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

     
Based on the number of shares of common stock outstanding and reserved as
of March 31, 2001, the proposed increase in the number of authorized shares of
capital stock from 150,000,000 to 200,000,000 would result in approximately
159,623,297 shares of common stock being issued, outstanding and reserved, which
includes approximately 22,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance
upon exercise of options outstanding and equity awards to be granted under
Micron Electronics' equity compensation plans, and 40,767,132 shares of common
stock reserved for issuance in the merger, excluding options and warrants to
purchase Interland common stock to be assumed in the merger.
Although Micron
Electronics currently has no agreements or understandings with respect to any
other material acquisitions, the increase in the authorized number of shares of
common stock will provide Micron Electronics with additional flexibility with
regard to any future acquisitions.

     
The additional shares of common stock that would become available for
issuance if the proposed amendment were adopted could also be used by Micron
Electronics to oppose a hostile takeover attempt or delay or prevent changes of
control of Micron Electronics or changes in or removal of management of Micron
Electronics.
For example, without further shareholder approval, the board of
directors could strategically sell shares of common stock in a private
transaction to purchasers who would oppose a takeover or favor the current board
of directors.
Although the current proposal to increase the number of authorized
shares of common stock has been prompted by business and financial
considerations, not by the threat of any attempt to accumulate shares or
otherwise gain control of Micron Electronics, shareholders nevertheless should
be aware that approval of the proposal could facilitate future efforts by Micron
Electronics to deter or prevent changes of control of Micron Electronics,
including transactions that are favored by a majority of the independent
shareholders or in which the shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for
their shares over then-current market prices or benefit in some other manner.

     
Micron Electronics' articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions
that could have an anti-takeover effect, including the following:

     - Micron Electronics' shareholders may only take action at a meeting or by
       written consent;

     - Micron Electronics' board of directors must be given advance notice
       regarding shareholder-sponsored proposals for consideration at annual
       meetings and for shareholder nominations for the election of directors;

     - vacancies on the board of directors may be filled until the next annual
       meeting of shareholders only by majority vote of the directors then in
       office; and

     - special meetings of shareholders may only be called by the Chairman of
       the Board, the President or by the board of directors, or a shareholder
       holding 10% of the outstanding stock, except that a shareholder must hold
       25% of the outstanding stock to call a special meeting that relates to a
       business combination.

     
In addition, the authority granted by Micron Electronics' articles of
incorporation to the board of directors to fix the designations, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of any class
or series of Micron Electronics' preferred stock could be used for anti-takeover
purposes.
The proposal to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock, however, is not part of any plan to adopt a series of amendments having
an anti-takeover effect, and Micron Electronics' management presently does not
intend to propose anti-takeover measures in future proxy solicitations.

     
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Micron Electronics agreed to
change its name to "Interland, Inc." upon closing of the merger in order to
capitalize on the brand equity Interland has built in the Web hosting market.

                
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE AMENDMENT
               TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.

                                 
PROPOSAL NO. 3

                    AMENDMENT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS' BYLAWS

     Micron Electronics' bylaws currently set the number of directors on the
Micron Electronics board at five.
In addition, Micron Electronics board members
currently serve for terms of one year and generally may be removed with or
without cause by the shareholders of Micron Electronics, or in some instances,
by the Micron Electronics board.

     
This proposal would amend the bylaws as follows:

     - Provide that all directors shall hold office for a period of at least two
       years after the closing of the merger;

     - Permit the removal of directors only for "cause" during the two-year
       period following the closing of the merger;

     - Effective after the expiration of the two-year period after the merger,
       change the term of all directors to an indefinite term, and permit their
       removal with or without cause; and

     - Authorize the board of directors to decrease the size of the board in the
       future.

     
If this proposal is approved, the term of all current directors of Micron
Electronics will be extended for an additional year.

     
These amendments are being proposed to comply with the provisions of the
merger agreement that require that these changes to the bylaws be approved by
Micron Electronics' shareholders as a condition to closing the merger.

     
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" AMENDING MICRON ELECTRONICS' BYLAWS.

                                 
PROPOSAL NO. 4

         INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF MICRON ELECTRONICS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Micron Electronics' bylaws currently permit the number of directors
comprising the board to be established by resolution of the shareholders of
Micron Electronics.
Micron Electronics' board of directors is currently fixed at
five directors.

     
This proposal would increase the size of the Micron Electronics' board of
directors to eight members.

     
This increase is being proposed to comply with the provisions of the merger
agreement that require that the Micron Electronics board be increased to eight
directors as a condition to closing the merger.

            
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" INCREASING THE SIZE OF
                MICRON ELECTRONICS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO EIGHT.

                                 
PROPOSAL NO. 5

                             ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     
It is also a condition to closing the merger that three new directors are
added to the Micron Electronics' board of directors.
Two of these nominees were
selected by Interland and one was selected jointly by Micron Electronics and
Interland.

     
The nominees and some information about them are set forth below:

           NAME OF NOMINEE             AGE                     PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION
           ---------------             ---                     --------------------

Kenneth Gavranovic...................  30    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                             Interland, Inc.
Gregg A. Mokenhaupt..................  30    Managing Director
                                             Crest Communications Holdings, LLC

[Additional nominee to be added by amendment]

KENNETH GAVRANOVIC

     Mr. Gavranovic has served as the chairman of the board of directors of
Interland since March 2000, chief executive officer of Interland since December
1999, a director of Interland since September 1997, and is one of Interland's
co-founders.
From December 1999 to January 2001, Mr. Gavranovic also served as
Interland's president.
During his eleven years of technology-related
entrepreneurial experience, Mr. Gavranovic served as vice president with
Worldwide Internet Publishing Corporation, a Web hosting company that he
co-founded, from 1995 to 1997.
From 1992 to 1994, he founded and served as vice
president with Interactive Media Solutions, a telecommunications software
company.
Mr. Gavranovic is a member of the executive committee and compensation
committee of the Interland board of directors.


GREGG A. MOCKENHAUPT

     Mr. Mockenhaupt has served as a director of Interland since December 1999.

Since March 1996, Mr. Mockenhaupt has served as a managing director of Crest
Communications Holdings, LLC, a private investment firm that was formed in 1996
to focus on communications-related investments and which is the manager of Crest
Communications Partners, L.P. and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund, L.P. Before joining
Crest in March 1996, Mr. Mockenhaupt was an associate in the mergers &
acquisitions group of Smith Barney Inc. from June 1994 to March 1996.
Mr.
Mockenhaupt currently serves on several private company boards of directors.
Mr.
Mockenhaupt received a B.S. in economics from the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Mockenhaupt is a member of the executive
committee, compensation committee and audit committee of the Interland board of
directors.


THE MICRON ELECTRONICS BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE
                                   NOMINEES.


OTHER MICRON ELECTRONICS BUSINESS

     The board of directors does not presently intend to bring any other
business before the meeting, and, so far as is known to the board of directors,
no matters are to be brought before the meeting except as specified in the
notice of the meeting.
As to any business that may properly come before the
meeting, however, it is intended that proxies, in the form enclosed, will be
voted in respect thereof in accordance with the judgment of the persons voting
those proxies.

     
WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE,
SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE PAID
ENVELOPE
SO THAT YOUR SHARES MAY BE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING.

           
MICRON ELECTRONICS MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     This section contains forward-looking statements within the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.
Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations that involve a number of
uncertainties.
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements.
Please see the section entitled "Statements
Regarding Forward-Looking Information" on page 156.

     
All yearly references are Micron Electronics' fiscal years ended August 31,
2000, September 2, 1999, and September 3, 1998, unless otherwise indicated.
The
fiscal years ended August 31, 2000 and September 2, 1999 contained fifty-two
weeks, compared to fifty-three weeks for the fiscal year ended September 3,
1998.
Certain reclassifications have been made in the following discussion and
analysis to present results of operations on a consistent basis.


OVERVIEW

     Micron Electronics and its subsidiaries have historically provided a
variety of computer products and related services through the PC Systems,
SpecTek, and HostPro business segments.
Micron Electronics has adopted plans to
discontinue its PC Systems business, its computer manufacturing business, and
SpecTek, its memory products business.
See the footnote entitled "Discontinued
Operations" to the consolidated financial statements of Micron Electronics
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.
As a result,
following the disposition of these business segments, Micron Electronics will be
exclusively a Web hosting company.

     
Micron Electronics was originally established April 7, 1995 through the
merger of three businesses: Micron Computer, Inc., Micron Custom Manufacturing
Services, Inc. and ZEOS International, LTD. HostPro, Micron Electronics'
continuing operation, was formed through the acquisition and integration of four
companies during 1999 and 2000.
On August 2, 1999, Micron Electronics acquired
100% of the outstanding stock of NetLimited, Inc. d.b.a.
"HostPro", a web and
applications hosting provider.
On September 2, 1999, Micron Electronics acquired
the property and equipment of Micron Internet Services, formerly a division of
Micron Technology, a provider of dedicated, nationwide dial-up and broadband
Internet access, virtual private network solutions, and e-commerce services.
On
December 14, 1999 Micron Electronics acquired LightRealm, Inc., a Kirkland,
Washington-based Web and applications hosting and Internet access company
serving small- and medium-size businesses.
On March 16, 2000, Micron Electronics
acquired Worldwide International Publishing Corporation, a Boca Raton,
Florida-based Web hosting company that also served small- and medium-size
businesses.

     
HostPro offers a broad range of business-to-business Internet products and
services including managed dedicated hosting services, colocation and
connectivity services, electronic commerce, application hosting, and other Web
hosting products.
With data centers in Los Angeles, California; Seattle,
Washington; Moses Lake, Washington; Boca Raton, Florida; and Boise, Idaho,
Micron Electronics provides these services to primarily small- and medium-sized
businesses.
Micron Electronics' business is rapidly evolving and has a limited
operating history.
As a result, Micron Electronics believes that
period-to-period comparisons of its revenue and operating results, including its
cost of revenue and operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue, are not
meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance.

Micron Electronics does not believe that its historical growth rates are an
indication of its future results.

     
Revenues are primarily generated by providing shared and dedicated hosting,
colocation hosting, connectivity and equipment sales to customers.
Revenues are
recognized as the services are provided.
Hosting contracts generally are for
service periods ranging from 1 to 12 months and typically require up-front fees.

These fees, including set-up fees for hosting services, are deferred and
recognized ratably over the customers expected service period.
Other revenues
are primarily the sale of equipment to customers.

     
Cost of revenues is mainly comprised of compensation and related expenses
for data center and provisioning operations, Internet connectivity and other
related telecommunications expense, and depreciation and amortization of capital
and intangible assets related to data center equipment and operations.

     
Micron Electronics' operating expenses consist of:

     - Sales, marketing and technical support, which is mainly comprised of
       compensation costs and costs associated with technical support and
       marketing Micron Electronics' products and services.
Compensation costs
       include salaries and related benefits, commissions and bonuses.
Micron
       Electronics' marketing expenses include the costs of direct mail,
       advertising and other mass market programs; and

     - General and administrative, which is mainly comprised of compensation and
       related expenses, occupancy costs, and depreciation and amortization of
       capital and intangible assets related to the engineering, development and
       administrative functions.

     
Micron Electronics intends to invest heavily in sales and marketing, the
continued development of its network infrastructure and technology, and
engineering and development for future product expansion.
Micron Electronics
expects to expand its operations and workforce, including its network
operations, technical support, and administrative resources.
In addition, Micron
Electronics intends to continue to expand and develop new sales channels and
relationships.
Micron Electronics' future success is dependent upon its ability
to achieve profitability prior to the depletion of cash reserves and to raise
funds, after, if needed.
While Micron Electronics currently believes that it has
adequate resources to maintain planned operations for at least one year from the
balance sheet date, Micron Electronics cannot assure you that HostPro will be
profitable in the future under its current Web and application hosting model or
that adequate funding will be available to allow it to continue operations
subsequent to the one-year time period.
Micron Electronics does not expect
HostPro to generate positive cash flow from operations for at least one year.


DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

PC Systems

     At the end of the second fiscal quarter of 2001, Micron Electronics
announced it had adopted a plan to discontinue the operations of its PC Systems
business segment, which is being accounted for as discontinued operations in
accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, or APB No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring
Events and Transactions."
On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a
definitive agreement to sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC,
("GTG PC") an affiliate of the Gores Technology Group.
Under the terms of the
agreement, GTG PC will receive assets which include $70 million in cash, and
assume specified liabilities of the PC Systems business.
Micron Electronics is
required to meet specified working capital requirements based on the net assets
and liabilities to be transferred to GTG PC.
An additional cash contribution may
be required if Micron Electronics does not meet these working capital
requirements.
Following necessary regulatory approvals, the sale of the PC
Systems business is expected to close by the end of May 2001.

     
The Company will retain all liabilities of the PC Systems business not
assumed by GTG PC, including, for example, liabilities for taxes arising prior
to the closing of the transaction, employee termination and related expenses,
and any litigation arising prior to the closing date.
In addition, the Company
has agreed for a period of three years not to compete with the PC Systems
business, and for two years, to not solicit or hire prior employees of the
company PC Systems business.
For a transition period after the closing of the
purchase, the purchaser agreed to provide some information technology,
financial, telecommunications and human resources services to the Company at its
cost plus 10% during the first four months after closing, and at its cost plus
25% for the following two months.

     
For a period of two years following the closing of the purchase, or for the
applicable statute of limitations with respect to taxes and government
contracts, the Company is obligated to indemnify the purchaser and affiliated
entities for any breaches of the representations, warranties or covenants
contained in the agreement.
The agreement provides that the maximum aggregate
liability of the Company for indemnification under the agreement is $10.0
million, or, in some limited circumstances, $30.0 million.

     
The agreement also provides that the Company would potentially be entitled
to receive a percentage of any proceeds in the event the PC Systems business is
sold or has an initial public offering of its securities within three years of
the closing of the purchase.
The Company would receive a payment only after the
repayment of transaction costs, repayment of debt and capital contributions,
payment of a specified amount of cash to GTG PC and obligations under employee
incentive programs.

     
Consistent with accounting for discontinued operations, Micron Electronics
recorded an estimate of future operating losses from the discontinued operation
between March 2, 2001 and May 31, 2001, the expected completion date of the
sale, and an estimate of the loss on disposal of the discontinued operation.

This estimated loss recorded in the second fiscal quarter of 2001 was $147.5
million.
Based on the final terms of the agreement to sell the PC Systems
business, the revised estimated loss is approximately $170.5 million.
Micron
Electronics believes that these estimates are reasonable, however they are based
on preliminary data and are subject to revision.

     
The personal computer industry is highly competitive, with competition
based primarily upon brand name recognition, performance, price, reliability and
service and support.
Market conditions coupled with consumer preferences and
concerns during the phase-out period are difficult to predict.
Micron
Electronics cannot assure you that changes in market conditions, supply and
demand, consumer preferences or price stability will not have a material adverse
effect on its estimated operating loss during the phase-out period.


SpecTek

     At the end of its second fiscal quarter of 2001, Micron Electronics
announced it adopted a plan to discontinue the operations of its SpecTek
business segment, which is accounted for as discontinued operations in
accordance with APB No. 30.
Under the terms of the amended and restated
component recovery agreement, effective September 2, 1999, as amended, Micron
Technology has exercised its rights to purchase the assets of the SpecTek
business.
On March 22, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a purchase
agreement to sell all assets primarily used by SpecTek and some land, buildings
and intellectual property assets, used primarily by the PC Systems business, to
Micron Technology.
Under the terms of the purchase agreement, Micron Electronics
transferred the land, buildings and intellectual property to Micron Technology
on March 22, 2001.
The assets used by SpecTek were transferred to Micron
Technology on April 5, 2001.
Micron Electronics has leased back a portion of the
land and buildings from Micron Technology and has also been granted a license to
use the intellectual property.
The estimated proceeds from the sale of assets
under the purchase agreement are $136.0 million, less $92.0 million of inter-
company accounts payable to Micron Technology.
Micron Electronics received $18.0
million of cash in excess of the historical cost of the land, buildings, and
intellectual property.
This amount will be recorded, net of tax, as an increase
in additional paid in capital during the third fiscal quarter of 2001.

     
Micron Electronics anticipates that SpecTek will provide income from its
operations through the disposal date of April 5, 2001.
Income earned by SpecTek
during this period will be recognized in the third fiscal quarter of 2001.

Micron Electronics continued to purchase components from Micron Technology
through April 5, 2001, under the terms of the component recovery agreement.
The
cost to obtain components from Micron Technology during the phase-out period was
90% of pre-tax income attributable to the sale of such components.
Based on the
terms of the purchase agreement, and in accordance with APB 30, no estimated
loss on disposal was recorded for the sale of SpecTek in the second fiscal
quarter of 2001.

RESULTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS

     
Micron Electronics consolidated financial information presents the net
effect of discontinued operations separate from the results of Micron
Electronics' continuing operations.
Historical financial information has been
reclassified to present consistently the discontinued operations, and the
discussion and analysis that follows generally focuses on continuing operations.

     
The loss from continuing operations for fiscal 2000 was $26.2 million, or
$0.27 per basic and diluted share, on net sales of $32.9 million, compared to
income from continuing operations of $5.2 million and $5.1 million, or $0.05 and
$0.05 per basic and diluted share, for fiscal 1999 and 1998, respectively.
The
results of continuing operations in fiscal 1999 includes the operating
activities of NetLimited, Inc. for one month, the period from the date of
acquisition to the end of the fiscal year.
Additionally, in fiscal years 1999
and 1998, net income from continuing operations resulted primarily from the
interest income from corporate cash, cash equivalents and liquid investments,
partially offset by general corporate expenses not directly attributable to the
discontinued operations.

     
A discussion of interim periods subsequent to the fiscal year ended August
31, 2000 are not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as they are
described in Micron Electronics' most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
which has been incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference.


Revenues

                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                         ------------------------------------
                                                         AUGUST 31,   SEPTEMBER 2,   MARCH 1,
                                                            2000          1999         1998
                                                         ----------   ------------   
--------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)

Hosting revenues.......................................   $18,555         $464         $ --
Connectivity revenues..................................     
9,051           --           --
Other revenues.........................................     
5,256           --           --
                                                          -------         
----         ----
Total revenues.........................................   $32,862         $464         $ --
                                                          =======         ====         ==
==

     Growth in hosting revenues has been achieved through acquisitions occurring
in fiscal 1999 and 2000 and by new customer growth and upgrading services to
existing customers.
Excluding the effect of acquisitions, sequential fiscal 2000
quarterly hosting growth was 29.9% in the first fiscal quarter, 28.8% in the
second fiscal quarter, 24.8% in the third fiscal quarter and 17.3% in the fourth
fiscal quarter.
The breakdown of fiscal 2000 hosting revenues is as follows:
shared hosting revenues were 83.6%; dedicated hosting revenues were 13.1%; and
colocation hosting revenues were 3.3% of the total revenues.
Micron Electronics
has focused on increasing its higher-end hosting services and ended the fiscal
year with the number of dedicated, managed and unmanaged servers in excess of
930.

     
The growth in connectivity revenues was driven through acquisitions and by
new customer growth.

     
Micron Electronics maintained over 114,000 paid hosted Web sites, 57,000
paid hosting accounts and 39,000 Internet access accounts at the end of fiscal
2000.

     
On March 26, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into an agreement to sell
substantially all of its consumer dial-up accounts for between $4.0 and $5.0
million.
Revenue from these accounts was approximately 18.6% of total revenues
for fiscal 2000.
The sale of these accounts is not expected to have a
substantial impact on operating income.
Micron Electronics expects that these
accounts will be transferred by August 2001.


Cost of revenues

     Cost of revenues was 74.1% of total revenues for fiscal 2000.
HostPro's
cost of revenues percentage increased to 76.8% in the last half of fiscal 2000,
from 68.8% in the first half of the year, primarily due to

additional costs incurred to expand its information technology infrastructure,
related support costs and completion of its expansion of data center facilities.


Operating expenses

     Sales, marketing and technical support.
Sales, marketing and technical
support expenses were 79.6% of revenues for fiscal 2000.
Significant components
of sales, marketing and technical support costs during fiscal 2000 were
advertising costs of $13.1 million, sales personnel and related costs of $7.1
million and technical support costs of $4.9 million.

     General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses were 71.9%
of revenues for the fiscal year 2000.
Significant components of general and
administrative costs during fiscal 2000 were personnel costs of $6.7 million,
amortization of intangible assets of $4.2 million, professional and consulting
fees of $2.4 million and lease costs of $1.4 million.

     
Goodwill amortization.
Goodwill amortization increased as a result of the
acquisitions of the Web and application hosting and Internet access companies
which occurred in August of 1999 and in 2000.

     
Other expense, net.
In 1999, other expense, includes a $1.0 million charge
for the write-off of purchased in-process research and development, which
resulted from the acquisition of HostPro.
An independent appraiser through an
analysis using a risk adjusted cash flow model determined the fair value of
HostPro's technology.
The analysis estimated future cash flows derived from the
technology or products incorporating the technology.
These cash flows were
discounted taking into account the life expectancy of the technology and risks
related to existing and future markets.
Technology was segregated into that
which was determined to be completed, those currently technologically feasible
but that may require adjustments or relatively minor enhancements, and
in-process, technologies that require additional research and development
efforts to reach technological feasibility.
Estimated future cash flows
associated with in-process research and development were discounted considering
risks and uncertainties related to the viability, stage of completion, work
required to establish feasibility, and to the completion of products the Company
would ultimately market.
The analysis resulted in the allocation of $1.0 million
of purchase price to in-process research and development.
In management's
opinion, the acquired in-process research and development had not yet reached a
stage where feasibility, delivery or product features were certain and had no
alternative future use.
As a result, acquired in-process research and
development was charged to expense.


Earnings Before Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization, or EBITDA

     Micron Electronics' EBITDA consists of its loss from continuing operations
before net interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization including
amortization of non-cash compensation costs, and loss on equity investments.

EBITDA was a loss of $30.7 million for fiscal 2000.
The EBITDA loss in fiscal
2000 resulted from the acquisition and ongoing operations of the Web hosting
business and includes increased expenditures needed to support Micron
Electronics growth in operations, including salaries and benefits for additional
employees, network costs, rent, and other costs related to the increase in the
number of its data centers as well as increased sales, technical support, and
general and administrative expenses.
Although EBITDA should not be used as an
alternative to operating loss or net cash provided by (used for) operating
activities, investing activities or financing activities, each as measured under
generally accepted accounting principles, Micron Electronics' management
believes that EBITDA is an additional meaningful measure of performance.


Loss on equity investments

     The loss on equity investments represents Micron Electronics' equity share
of the losses of Bird on a Wire, Inc., or BOAW.
On April 24, 2001, BOAW entered
into non-binding letter of intent to sell its assets.
After repaying BOAW
liabilities, Micron Electronics will receive the net proceeds, if any.
Micron
Electronics anticipates that it will record a loss on disposal of BOAW of
approximately $2.1 million in the third fiscal quarter of 2001.


Interest income, net

     Interest income, net consists of interest income earned on Micron
Electronics' invested cash and liquid investments.


Income tax provision

     The provision for income taxes in fiscal 2000 is based on an effective tax
rate of 27%, which reflects the federal statutory rate, the net effect of state
taxes, municipal interest and non-deductible goodwill amortization.
The
effective rate in 1999 of 30% reflects the federal statutory rate, the net
effect of state taxes, municipal interest and the effect of a $1.0 million
charge for the write-off of purchased in-process research and development, which
resulted from the acquisition of HostPro.
The effective tax rate in 1998 of 38%
reflects the federal statutory rate, the net effect of state taxes and municipal
interest.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     As of August 31, 2000, we had $326.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and
liquid investments.
This represents a decrease of $12.4 million compared to the
prior year.
Principal sources of liquidity, from continuing operations, in
fiscal 2000 were $260.7 million of proceeds from maturing investments, $4.2
million from the issuance of common stock and $2.3 million from a capital
contribution from MTI.
We generated $0.4 million of cash from operating
activities during fiscal 2000.
In addition, other principal uses of cash during
fiscal 2000 were $58.3 million relating to the acquisitions of Lightrealm and
WIPC, $7.0 million for the investment in BOAW, $245.9 million of purchases of
held to maturity investments and $36.9 million for purchases of property, plant
and equipment and expansion of the data center facilities of Micron Electronics.

Discontinued operations generated $91.9 million of cash during the fiscal year,
primarily related to the operations of SpecTek.

     
The SpecTek and PC Systems dispositions will have a material impact on
Micron Electronics liquidity in fiscal 2001.
Under the amended and restated
component recovery agreement effective September 2, 1999, as amended, Micron
Technology has exercised its rights to purchase the assets of the SpecTek
business.
On March 22, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a purchase
agreement to sell all assets primarily used by SpecTek and some land, buildings
and intellectual property assets, used by the PC Systems business, to Micron
Technology.
Micron Electronics anticipates that the proceeds from completion of
the transaction contemplated in the purchase agreement will be approximately
$43.2 million, in the third fiscal quarter of 2001.

     
SpecTek has been Micron Electronics' only profitable segment and its only
source of positive cash flows, excluding interest income.
HostPro does not
expect to generate positive cash flow from its operations for at least one year.

However, Micron Electronics expects to have adequate cash reserves to fund
operations during this period.
Micron Electronics' future success is dependent
upon its ability to achieve profitability prior to the depletion of cash
reserves and to raise funds, thereafter, if needed.
Micron Electronics cannot
provide assurance that HostPro will be profitable in the future under its
current Web and application hosting model or that adequate funding will be
available to allow Micron Electronics to continue operations subsequent to the
one-year time period.

     
On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement
to sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the
Gores Technology Group.
Under the terms of the agreement to sell its PC Systems
business, GTG PC will receive the assets, which include $70 million in cash, and
assume specified liabilities of the PC Systems business.
Micron Electronics is
required to meet specified working capital requirements based on the net assets
and liabilities to be transferred to GTG PC.
An additional cash contribution may
be required if Micron Electronics does not meet these working capital
requirements.

     
On March 28, 2001, Micron Electronics terminated its unsecured credit
agreement with a group of financial institutions, which provided borrowings up
to $100.0 million.
As of August 31, 2000, Micron

Electronics had no borrowings outstanding under this agreement.
Micron
Electronics currently does not have any plans to obtain a new credit agreement.

     
At August 31, 2000, Micron Electronics had commitments of $19.0 million for
the expansion and upgrading of facilities and equipment and $19.0 million for
infrastructure software projects.
Micron Electronics anticipates making capital
expenditures for continuing operations in excess of $22.0 million and for
discontinued operations in excess of $34.0 million during fiscal 2001.

     
Micron Electronics expects its future working capital requirements to
increase and it believes that currently available cash, cash equivalents and
liquid investments will be sufficient to fund its operations through fiscal
2001.

             RECENT DEVELOPMENTS WITH RESPECT TO MICRON ELECTRONICS

     On April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement
to sell its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the
Gores Technology Group.
Under the terms of the agreement, GTG PC will receive
assets, which includes $70.0 million in cash, and assume specified liabilities
of the PC Systems business.
Micron Electronics is required to meet specified
working capital requirements based on the net assets and liabilities to be
transferred to GTG PC.
An additional cash contribution may be required if Micron
Electronics does not meet these working capital requirements.
Following
necessary regulatory approvals, the sale of the PC Systems business is expected
to close by the end of May 2001.

     
Micron Electronics will retain all liabilities of the PC Systems business
not assumed by GTG PC, including, for example, liabilities for taxes arising
prior to the closing of the transaction, employee termination and related
expenses, and any litigation arising prior to the closing date.
In addition,
Micron Electronics has agreed for a period of three years not to compete with
the PC Systems business, and for two years, to not solicit or hire prior
employees of the PC Systems business.
For a transition period after the closing
of the purchase, the purchaser agreed to provide some information technology,
financial, telecommunications and human resources services to Micron Electronics
at its cost plus 10% during the first four months after closing, and at its cost
plus 25% for the following two months.

     
For a period of two years following the closing of the purchase, or for the
applicable statute of limitations with respect to taxes and government
contracts, Micron Electronics is obligated to indemnify the purchaser and
affiliated entities for any breaches of the representations, warranties or
covenants contained in the agreement.
The agreement provides that the maximum
aggregate liability of Micron Electronics for indemnification under the
agreement is $10.0 million, or, in some limited circumstances, $30.0 million.

     
The agreement also provides that Micron Electronics would potentially be
entitled to receive a percentage of any proceeds in the event the PC Systems
business is sold or has an initial public offering of its securities within
three years of the closing of the purchase.
Micron Electronics would receive a
payment only after the repayment of transaction costs, repayment of debt and
capital contributions, payment of a specified amount of cash to GTG PC and
obligations under employee incentive programs.
If Micron Electronics does
receive this payment, the beneficial holders of Micron Electronics stock
immediately prior to the merger may be entitled to receive a distribution from
the payment, but the current Interland shareholders would not be entitled to
participate in the distribution.

                          MICRON ELECTRONICS' BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Micron Electronics historically operated three business segments: PC
Systems, HostPro and SpecTek.
The operations of SpecTek were transferred to
Micron Technology, Micron Electronics' parent company, on April 5, 2001.
On
April 30, 2001, Micron Electronics entered into a definitive agreement to sell
its PC Systems business to GTG PC Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of the Gores
Technology Group.
As a result of the disposition of the SpecTek business and
following the expected disposition of the PC Systems business, the operations of
HostPro will constitute the business of Micron Electronics.

     
Micron Electronics, through its HostPro subsidiary, is a leading Web
hosting company that offers a broad range of business-to-business Internet
products and services, including managed dedicated hosting services, co-location
and connectivity services, electronic commerce services, application hosting,
and other Web hosting products.
HostPro offers hosting of applications written
for many platforms, with the security, control panels, support, reliability, and
high bandwidth necessary to meet the mission-critical business needs of
customers worldwide.
Micron Electronics operates data centers in Los Angeles,
California; Seattle, Washington; Moses Lake, Washington; Boca Raton, Florida;
and Boise, Idaho, HostPro that provide Web and application hosting products and
services specifically designed to meet the needs of small- and medium-sized
businesses.
Micron Electronics manages more than 114,000 paid hosted Web sites
and more than 57,000 paid hosting accounts.

     
HostPro was formed through the integration of four companies purchased by
Micron Electronics during 1999 and 2000.
These include NetLimited, Inc., which
was doing business as HostPro, LightRealm, Inc., Worldwide Internet Publishing
Company, and Micron Internet Services.

     
On March 26, 2001 HostPro entered into an agreement to sell substantially
all of its consumer dial-up accounts for between $4.0 and $5.0 million.
Revenue
from these accounts was approximately 18.6% of revenues from continuing
operations for fiscal 2000.
The sale of these accounts is not expected to have a
substantial impact on operating income.
HostPro expects that these accounts will
be transferred by August 2001.


PC SYSTEMS BUSINESS AND SPECTEK BUSINESS

     Micron Electronics' PC Systems business develops, markets, manufactures,
sells and supports a range of high performance desktop and notebook systems and
network servers under the micronpc.com and NetFRAME brand names and sells,
resells, and supports a variety of additional peripherals, software and
services.
These systems use microprocessors manufactured by Intel Corporation
and Applied Micro Devices and are assembled to order with differing memory and
storage configurations as well as various operating systems and application
software.
The PC Systems business also offers under the micronpcplus.com brand
name a variety of hardware components and peripherals to compliment Micron
Electronics' desktop and notebook systems and network servers, including
monitors, modems, graphics cards, accelerators, CD-ROM and DVD drives.

     
SpecTek processes and markets various grades of memory products under the
SpecTek brand name in either component or module form.
Memory components are
obtained from Micron Technology and its joint venture affiliates, tested and
graded to their highest level of functionality.
Higher-grade components meeting
industry specifications are available for use in memory modules for computer
systems.
Some lower grade components may be used in nonstandard memory modules
or sold to strategic OEM customers for use in specific applications.

     
Micron Electronics' annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2000 includes a more detailed discussion of these two discontinued
businesses.

HOSTPRO'S SERVICES

     HostPro offers Web hosting and connectivity services designed to
specifically address the needs of small- to medium-sized businesses.
These
services include:

     - Shared hosting;

     - Dedicated hosting;

     - Colocation hosting;

     - Applications hosting; and

     - Internet connectivity.

     
Currently, most of HostPro's hosting revenues are generated from recurring
monthly fees.
The remainder is derived from one-time-set-up fees for
installation.
HostPro currently sells its services under agreements having terms
of one to 12 months.
Most of its customer agreements may be canceled within the
first 30 days.


Shared hosting

     Shared hosting services range from entry-level starter packages and
business e-commerce shared Web hosting products.
Starter packages are designed
for Web sites with relatively low volumes of traffic and provide access to the
Internet with minimal costs.
HostPro's products are scalable solutions that make
it simple to upgrade to more full-featured services.
HostPro's shared hosting
packages are designed to minimize the cost for customers by providing hosting
services for multiple customers on a single shared server, spreading the cost of
the service over many users.
The majority of HostPro's customers currently use
its shared hosting services.

     
The services are hosted in data centers, which feature full network
redundancy with multiple Internet backbone connections designed to ensure
availability 24 hours per day, every day of the year.
HostPro's services also
feature easy to use control panels and extensive on-line documentation that
allow customers to easily control their own applications.
HostPro's business
e-commerce shared Web hosting packages also feature secure servers, redundant
systems, daily backups, and uninterrupted operations along with other important
electronic commerce services including basic services such as, server disk space
and e-mail addresses, Secure Socket Layer encryption for electronic commerce
transactions, shopping carts and database technology to conduct product and
service sales on-line.
Through HostPro's other business relationships, its
customers can also obtain merchant account and on-line payment processing
services.

     
HostPro has recently introduced a new shared hosting product, Freedom,
which offers features and benefits, including a significantly expanded ability
for the customer to administer the server, which until now have only been
available on more expensive dedicated hosting products.
In addition, Freedom
features include the ability to host multiple Web sites, configure multiple
shell users, unlimited e-mail accounts, Microsoft Web development tools, and
electronic commerce capabilities.


Dedicated hosting

     In contrast to a shared hosting environment, which hosts multiple customers
on one server, dedicated hosting employs one or more servers dedicated to a
single customer.
Dedicated hosting provides a customer with superior uptime,
server access, the ability to use custom applications, greater security and
higher levels of technical support.
HostPro provides both managed and unmanaged
dedicated hosting services.
For dedicated managed hosting services, HostPro
monitors administers and trouble-shoots the software that operates the client
server.
For unmanaged dedicated hosting services, the customer administers the
server remotely, with HostPro providing the hardware monitoring and network and
hardware support.
Dedicated hosting services are targeted for Web sites or that
generally require sophisticated databases for critical application needs or
typically experience high user traffic volumes.
HostPro's managed services are
targeted to those who need the complex services required for mission-

critical Web sites, but do not want to administer their own data center.
The
dedicated services come with proprietary control panel technology, which enables
customers to setup and maintain Web sites on the server.

     
HostPro offers dedicated Web hosting services for major computer platforms
including Microsoft NT and Windows, Linux and Sun systems.


Colocation hosting

     Customers using HostPro' colocation services own their own hardware,
software and network equipment and house them within its data center facilities.

The customers install, manage, upgrade and maintain the security of their Web
sites.
Colocation services provide customers with a secure data center
environment and reliable network connectivity, while allowing customers with
advanced in-house Internet expertise to control and maintain their own equipment
and Web sites.


Application hosting

     Applications hosting are Web-enabled business applications that are offered
to customers over the Internet.
HostPro currently provides outsourced services
to its customers using Microsoft's Outlook 2000.
HostPro anticipates expanding
its applications hosting offerings in the future.


Business connectivity

     HostPro provides dedicated digital subscriber line Internet connections for
businesses.
Through the use of multiple Internet addresses and email accounts,
entire offices can be connected.
HostPro also provides frame relays for
businesses that want to connect their computer networks to the Internet.

     
During the six month period ended March 1, 2001, HostPro derived
approximately 47.6% of its revenues from shared services, 14.2% from dedicated
services, 3.7% from colocation hosting, 1.0% from applications hosting and 19.9%
from Internet connectivity revenues.
The balance of the revenues was generated
primarily from the sale of hardware to customers.


SALES AND MARKETING

     HostPro markets its services primarily through its direct sales force, as
well as through a variety of other indirect channels.


Sales force

     HostPro's sales team responds to incoming inquiries about its services and
generates sales leads through direct outbound contact with potential customers.

HostPro has sales personnel located in Seattle, Washington, Los Angeles,
California, Boise, Idaho and Boca Raton, Florida.
These sales teams focus on
selling its higher-value solutions, including dedicated managed hosting and
colocation services to customers.
As of May 3, 2001, HostPro had 76 members of
its sales team.


Resellers and private label relationships

     HostPro offers its services through its network of resellers, which include
over 1,600 resellers, large channel and private label relationship partners.
By
using these resellers, HostPro believes it can reach a larger customer audience
than it would otherwise be able to reach through using only an internal sales
force.
HostPro's resellers include system integrators, value added hardware and
software resellers, Web developers and Web consulting companies.


Other sales and distribution channels

     HostPro also generates new customer leads through Internet marketing and
direct customer on-line registrations through HostPro's Web site.
In addition,
HostPro generates new customers through referrals, both from existing customers
and other industry referrals.


Marketing

     HostPro markets its products and services through a variety of means,
including the HostPro Web sites, print advertising in Internet-related trade
publications and other periodicals, as well as radio and on-line advertising.

Other marketing activities include, direct mail campaigns, participation in
industry events and affiliate relationships, including cooperative marketing
with related services.
The HostPro marketing team also is involved with product
and service strategy and definition, pricing, competitive analysis, product
launch, channel program management and product life cycle management.


CUSTOMERS

     HostPro typically provide hosting services directly to end user customers.

However, HostPro also provide hosting services to Web developers, Web consulting
firms and other organizations that bundle HostPro's services with a product or
service they provide to their end user customers.
As of March 1, 2001, the
HostPro business had over 58,900 customers.
No customer has accounted for more
than 10% of HostPro's revenues.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Micron Electronics believes that the future success of the HostPro business
will depend in large part on its ability to maintain and enhance its services
and to develop new services that achieve market acceptance.

     
The Internet is characterized by rapid technological developments, frequent
new application introductions and evolving industry standards.
The emerging
nature of this market and its rapid evolution will require that Micron
Electronics continually improve the HostPro services, particularly in response
to competing offerings.
It must also introduce new services or enhancements as
quickly as possible.
The success of a service introduction depends on several
factors, including proper definition of new services, timely completion and
introduction of new services, differentiation of new services from those of
competitors and market acceptance.
Micron Electronics may not be successful in
developing and marketing new services that respond to competitive and
technological developments and changing customer needs.
In addition, other
technological changes could render existing services obsolete or require Micron
Electronics to make substantial expenditures to adapt the services.


CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT

     Micron Electronics believes that a high level of customer support is
integral to HostPro's success.
HostPro provides customers with 24 hour a day
direct access to over 180 customer care and technical support personnel.
HostPro
uses a variety of proactive monitoring services, trouble-ticketing systems and
on-line trouble management systems, which allow HostPro to rapidly identify,
remedy and track service interruptions.
In HostPro's network operations center,
the health of servers, software, networks and security duties managed by HostPro
are managed through a centralized server-monitoring system.


NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE, TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONS

     
To provide a secure and reliable hosting environment, HostPro has
constructed a managed infrastructure, consisting of redundant Internet
communications backbone, enterprise management software and an advanced network.

HostPro's five data centers located in Los Angeles, California, Boise, Idaho,
Boca Raton, Florida, and Seattle and Moses Lake, Washington have been designed
to provide superior availability and reliability for its customers.


Data centers

     The data centers include:

     - state-of-the-art network operations centers that are managed and
       monitored 24 hours per day, every day of the year;

     - centralized and local monitoring of all critical systems;

     - redundant network hardware;

     - parallel-redundant backup power generators that have redundant capacity
       and allow maintenance to be performed on the system with little risk of a
       power outage;

     - fire suppressions systems;

     - cooling systems that include independent full grade mechanical systems;
       and

     - security, including security guards and video monitoring and entry
       restriction via access devices.


Proprietary technology

     HostPro has developed various proprietary technologies that are designed to
address the back-end processing and customer interface components of its
services, allowing customers to order, change and manage their Web hosting
accounts easily regardless of their level of technical expertise.
HostPro's
auto-provision technology lets customers modify their Web sites from the
Internet without having to contact HostPro's support staff.
This technology
provides HostPro the opportunity to achieve greater operational efficiencies and
empowers the customer by allowing them to change passwords, protect specific
directories, and create database sources without HostPro technical support
assistance.


Connectivity

     HostPro connects to high-capacity, Internet connectivity backbones,
offering some of the fastest transport speeds currently available.
HostPro's
facilities offer neutral access to a variety of tier-one carriers and service
providers for connectivity.
Carriers and providers can deliver a complete
spectrum of products, scalability and connectivity levels.
HostPro also offers
10/100 megabyte and gigabit Ethernet server access to local area network;
multiple global, tier-one IP carriers for backbone infrastructure; and multiple
and redundant Internet connections using load balancing to ensure traffic flow.


COMPETITION

     The Web hosting and applications hosting markets are highly competitive and
are becoming more so.
There are few substantial barriers to entry, and Micron
Electronics expects that HostPro will face additional competition from existing
competitors and new market entrants in the future.
Micron Electronics may not
have the resources, expertise or other competitive factors to compete
successfully in the future.
Many competitors have substantially greater
financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer
operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships
in the industry than Micron Electronics.
As a result, these competitors may be
able to:

     - develop and expand their network infrastructures and service offerings
       more rapidly;

     - adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
       requirements more quickly;

     - take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily; and

     - devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their services and
       adopt more aggressive pricing policies than Micron Electronics.

     
Micron Electronics' current and potential competitors in the hosting market
include:

     - Web hosting service providers;

     - applications hosting providers;

     - Internet service providers;

     - telecommunications companies;

     - large information technology firms that provide a wide array of
       information technology services; and

     - computer hardware suppliers.

     
Competitors of HostPro may operate in one or more of these areas and
include companies such as Concentric Network Corporation, an XO Communications,
Inc. company, Data Return Corp., Digex Corporation, Digital Island, EarthLink,
Inc., Exodus Communications, Inc., Interliant, NTT Verio Inc., and Navisite,
Inc.
In addition, several large diversified companies, such as Intel
Corporation, Dell Computer Corporation, International Business Machines
Corporation and AT&T Corporation, have entered or indicated their intent to
enter into the e-services market, which will intensify the competition.

     
In an effort to gain market share, some competitors of HostPro have offered
similar Web hosting services at lower prices or with incentives not matched by
HostPro, including free start-up and domain name registration, periods of free
service, low-priced Internet access or free software.
In addition, some
competitors may be able to provide customers with additional benefits, including
reduced communications costs, which could reduce the overall costs of their
services relative to those of HostPro.
Micron Electronics may not be able to
reduce the pricing of the HostPro services or offer incentives in response to
the actions of competitors without harming the HostPro business.
Because of the
fierce competition in the Web hosting and applications hosting industry, the
number of competitors could lead to a surplus in service providers, leading to
further reductions in the prices of services.
Micron Electronics also believes
that the hosting market is likely to consolidate further in the near future,
which could result in increased price and other competition that could damage
the HostPro business.

     
Micron Electronics believes that the primary competitive factors in the
hosting market include price, customer service and ease of use, particularly at
the lower end of the market, and reliability and expertise, or reputation for
delivering complex hosting solutions drives the purchase decision for higher
value services at the higher end of the market.
Micron Electronics believes that
its HostPro business competes favorably with respect to these factors.

     
Micron Electronics may not be able to maintain the competitive position of
HostPro against current or potential competitors, especially those with
significantly greater financial, marketing, service, support, technical and
other resources.
Competitors with these greater resources may be able to
undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing
policies and make more attractive offers to potential employees, distributors,
resellers or content services or other strategic partners.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     HostPro relies on a combination of trademark, service mark, copyright and
trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect its
proprietary rights.
Micron Electronics does not own any patents with respect to
the HostPro business.
Micron Electronics also requires its employees,
consultants and independent contractors to enter into agreements containing,
among other things, non-disclosure provisions.
In addition, the laws of some
foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do
the laws of the United States.
Micron Electronics' means of protecting its
proprietary rights may not be adequate.

     
In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States
involving patents and other intellectual property rights, particularly in the
software and Internet industries.
Micron Electronics could become subject to
intellectual property infringement claims as the number of its competitors grows
and the HostPro services overlap with competitive offerings.
These claims, even
if not meritorious, could be

expensive and divert management's attention from operating the company.
If
Micron Electronics became liable to third parties for infringing their
intellectual property rights, it could be required to pay a substantial damage
award and to develop noninfringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling
the products that contain the infringing intellectual property.
Micron
Electronics may be unable to develop noninfringing technology or obtain a
license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

     
HostPro licenses or leases most technologies used in its business.
If these
technology suppliers become subject to third-party infringement claims, they may
be unable or unwilling to continue to license their technology.
The loss of
technology licenses could require Micron Electronics to seek to obtain
substitute technologies of lower quality or performance standards and any
replacement technology may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all.


GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     HostPro is not currently subject to direct federal, state or local
government regulation, other than regulations that apply to businesses
generally.
Due to the increasing popularity and use of the Internet, however,
laws and regulations with respect to the Internet may be adopted at federal,
state and local levels, covering issues such as user privacy, freedom of
expression, pricing, characteristics and quality of products and services,
taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights, information security and
the convergence of traditional telecommunications services with Internet
communications.
Micron Electronics cannot predict the nature of future
legislation and the manner in which government authorities may interpret and
enforce.
As a result, HostPro or its customers could be subject to potential
liability under future legislation, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on the HostPro business, results of operations and financial condition.

For example, if legislation were adopted in the U.S. or internationally that
makes transacting business over the Internet less favorable or otherwise
curtails the growth of the Internet, HostPro's business would suffer.
The
adoption of any such laws or regulations might decrease the growth of the
Internet, which in turn could decrease the demand for HostPro's services or
increase the cost of doing business or in some other manner harm HostPro's
business.

     
In addition, applicability to the Internet of existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, copyright and other intellectual property
issues, taxation, libel, obscenity and personal privacy is uncertain.
These laws
generally pre-date the advent of the Internet and related technologies and, as a
result, do not consider or address the unique issues of the Internet and related
technologies.
Changes to laws intended to address these issues could create
uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for HostPro's services
or increase the cost of doing business as a result of costs of litigation or
increased service delivery costs, or could in some other manner have a material
adverse effect on HostPro's business.

     
In addition, because HostPro's services are available over the Internet
virtually worldwide, and because it facilitates sales by customers to end users
located in multiple states and foreign countries, such jurisdictions may claim
that HostPro is required to qualify to do business as a foreign corporation in
each such state or that HostPro has a permanent establishment in each such
foreign country.


EMPLOYEES

     As of April 19, 2001, HostPro had 581 employees, of which 101 were sales
and marketing, 25 were in information technology, 342 were in customer service,
engineering and technical support and 113 were in finance and administration.

None of its employees are represented by a labor union, and management believes
that employee relations are good.

FACILITIES

     HostPro leases several facilities which includes 25,600 square feet of data
center and office space in Boise, Idaho, 34,300 square feet of data center and
office space in Los Angeles, California, 4,200 square feet of data center space
in Moses Lake, Washington, 43,800 square feet of office space in Bellevue,
Washington, 45,000 square feet of data center and other available space in
Tukwila, Washington,

1,200 square feet of data center space in Seattle, Washington and 12,000 square
feet of data center and office space in Boca Raton, Florida.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Micron Electronics is currently a party to various legal actions arising
out of the normal course of business, none of which is expected to have a
material adverse effect on the combined company's business.

               
INTERLAND MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

     Interland provides a broad range of Web hosting and applications hosting
and other related Web-based business solutions specifically designed to meet the
needs of small and medium-sized businesses.
Interland's business is rapidly
evolving and it has limited operating history.
As a result, Interland believes
that period-to-period comparisons of its revenue and operating results,
including its cost of revenue and other operating expenses as a percentage of
total revenue, are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of
future performance.
Interland does not believe that its historical growth rates
are an indication of future results.

     
Currently, Interland derives a substantial majority of its revenues from
shared and dedicated hosting and managed services.
Interland also derives
revenue from applications hosting and consulting services.
Interland's strategy
is to grow its customer base and revenues by marketing value-added services to
small and medium-sized businesses.
Interland expects that its number of customer
accounts will grow rapidly, and that the revenue from the sale of higher margin
services, such as dedicated hosting and managed services, will increase more
rapidly than its base shared hosting revenue.
Currently, most of its hosting
revenues are generated from recurring monthly fees.
The remainder is derived
from one-time-set-up fees for installation.
Interland currently sells its
services under agreements having terms of three months to two years.
Most of its
customer agreements may be canceled within the first thirty days.
For shared
servers, Interland receives payment in advance typically for the full contract
amount by direct charges to credit or debit cards.
Interland recognizes all
revenues, including set-up fees, ratably over the term of the contract.

     
Interland's expenses consist of:

     - cost of revenue, which is mainly comprised of compensation and related
       expenses for technical operations, Internet connectivity and other
       related telecommunications expense, and operating lease expense related
       to its data center;

     - sales and marketing, which is mainly comprised of compensation costs and
       costs associated with marketing its products and services.
Compensation
       costs include salaries and related benefits, commissions and bonuses.
       
Interland's marketing expenses include the costs of direct mail,
       advertising and other mass-market programs;

     - general and administrative, which is mainly comprised of compensation and
       related expenses, occupancy costs, and non-cash stock compensation
       expense, which relates to stock and options granted at exercise prices
       less than the fair market value of its common stock at the time of grant;
       and

     - depreciation and amortization of property and equipment.

     
Interland has incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash
flow from operations since its inception and, as of March 31, 2001 and December
31, 2000, had an accumulated deficit of approximately $103.1 million and $86.2
million, respectively.
Interland intends to continue to invest in sales and
marketing and the continued development of its network infrastructure and
technology.
Interland expects to expand its operations and workforce, including
its network operations, technical support, and administrative resources in
response to sales growth.
In addition, Interland intends to continue to expand
its existing inside and outside sales force to develop new sales channels and
relationships.
Interland expects to continue to incur substantial losses through
2002, if not longer.
Interland's ability to achieve profitability and positive
cash flow from operations will be dependent upon its ability to grow its
revenues and achieve operating efficiencies.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     
The following table shows percentage of revenue data for the years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000 and three months ended March 31, 2000 and
2001:

                                                THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                    MARCH 31,          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                ------------------    --------------------------
                                                 2001       2000       2000      1999      1998
                                                -------    
-------    ------    ------    ------

Revenues....................................     100.0%     100.0%     100.0%    100.0%    100.0%
Operating expenses:
  Cost of revenue...........................     
106.3      100.3       97.7      77.3      73.6
  Sales and marketing.......................      44.5       89.0      112.8      86.6     130.0
  General and administrative................      78.7       77.4       70.3     109.0      55.4
  Depreciation and amortization.............      26.9        9.4       18.4      11.0       8.3
                                                ------     ------     ------    ------    ------
Operating loss..............................    (156.4)    (176.1)    (199.2)   (183.9)   (167.3)
  Interest income...........................       
7.0        5.6        8.5       2.3       0.1
  Interest expense..........................      (5.9)      (1.6)      (4.7)     (2.4)     (1.4)
                                                ------     
------     ------    ------    
------
     Net loss...............................    
(155.3)%   (172.1)%   (195.4)%  (184.0)%  (168.6)%
                                                ======     ======     ======    ======    ======

COMPARISON OF THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001 AND 2000

Revenues

     Interland's revenues increased $4.6 million, or 73.4%, to $10.9 million
during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $6.3 million during the three
months ended March 31, 2000.
This increase was due mainly to internal growth of
its business and the number of customer served.
The number of Web sites
increased from 61,442 at March 31, 2000 to 88,571 at March 31, 2001.


Cost of revenue

     Interland's cost of revenue increased $5.3 million, or 83.7%, to $11.5
million, or 106.3% of revenue, during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$6.3 million, or 100.3% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000,
due to the growth of its business and related expenses, including $2.7 million
in increased salary expense related to an increase in the number of data center
and customer service personnel, $1.5 million increase in operating lease
expense, $500,000 increase in Internet connection costs, and a $400,000 increase
in non-cash compensation.
The non-cash expense largely related to deferred
expenses associated with Interland's strategic relationships with Microsoft,
VeriSign, and Verizon.
Interland anticipates that costs of revenues will
increase in absolute dollars, but decline as a percentage of revenues as it
continues to grow, and achieve a more cost-effective scale of operations.


Sales and marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses decreased $747,000 to $4.8 million, or 44.5%
of revenue, during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $5.6 million, or
89.0% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000.
This decrease was
due to a $2.6 million decrease in marketing communications expense, offset by an
increase in salary expense of $1.5 million from a higher number of sales
personnel.
Interland expects its sales and marketing expenditures to increase in
absolute amount, but remain somewhat stable as a percentage of revenues over the
remaining three quarters of 2001.


General and administrative

     General and administrative expense increased $3.7 million to $8.6 million,
or 78.7% of revenue, during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $4.9
million, or 77.4% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000.
The
main factors contributing to this increase included $2.3 million of non-
recurring costs related to the shut-down of its European subsidiary, a $560,000
increase in salary expense,

and a $560,000 increase in non-cash compensation related to the granting of
stock options in 2000 to employees at prices less than fair market value.

Interland expects its general and administrative expenses to increase in the
future, after normalizing for the one-time European shutdown expense, but
decline as a percentage of revenues as it grows, and achieves a more
cost-effective scale of operations.


Depreciation and amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expense increased $2.3 million to $2.9
million, or 26.9% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$587,000, or 9.4% of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2000, as a
result of Interland's investment in a new data center in Atlanta.


Interest income (expense), net

     Interest income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income on
Interland's cash and cash equivalent balances less interest expense on its
capital lease obligations.
Interest earned on its cash and cash equivalents
increased $416,000 to $767,000, or 7.0% of revenue during the three months ended
March 31, 2001 from $350,000, or 5.6% of revenue during the three months ended
March 31, 2000.
This increase was primarily due to the completion of an initial
public offering on July 25, 2000, which resulted in higher cash balances
available for investment.
During the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively, Interland incurred interest expense in the amount of $643,000 and
$99,000 on capital lease obligations.


Income taxes

     No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as Interland has
incurred net operating losses from inception through March 31, 2001.
As of
December 31, 2000, Interland had approximately $77 million of federal net
operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income, which
expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013.
Interland has recorded a valuation
reserve for all its net deferred tax benefit in the three-month periods ended
March 31, 2001 and 2000 due to uncertainty that it will generate sufficient
taxable income during the carry-forward period to realize the benefit of its net
deferred tax asset.


Net loss

     Interland's net loss increased $6.1 million to $16.9 million during the
three months ended March 31, 2001 from $10.8 million during the three months
ended March 31, 2000.
Interland's net loss increased mainly as a result of
increased cost of revenue and general and administrative expense.
These expense
increases were partially offset by an increase in revenue of $4.6 million and a
decrease in sales and marketing expenses of $747,000.


COMPARISON OF THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

Revenues

     Interland's revenues increased $25.2 million, or 276.7%, to $34.3 million
during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $9.1 million during the year ended
December 31, 1999.
This increase was due mainly to internal growth of its
business, the number of customers served, and the shift in the mix of its
business between shared and dedicated customers.
During the years ended December
31, 2000 and 1999, Interland derived 60.6% and 75.9% of revenues from its shared
services, 25.1% and 9.8% of revenues from dedicated services and 14.3% and 14.3%
of revenues from applications hosting and professional services, respectively.

The number of Web sites increased from 46,094 at December 31, 1999 to 86,010 at
December 31, 2000.
International revenues contributed approximately 10% and 7.5%
of Interland's total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.


Cost of revenue

     Interland's cost of revenue increased $26.4 million to $33.5 million, or
97.7% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $7.1 million, or
77.3% of revenue during the year ended December 31, 1999, due to the growth of
its business and related expenses, including $11.1 million in increased salary
expense related to a significant increase in the number of data center and
customer support personnel, non-cash expense of $3.2 million, increased
telecommunication and Internet connection costs of $1.1 million, increased
operating lease expense of $2.8 million, increased license fees for third-party
products used in delivering its services of $2.5 million, and increased
engineering consulting fees of $1.5 million.
The non-cash expense largely
relates to deferred expenses associated with Interland's strategic relationships
with Microsoft, VeriSign, and Verizon.
The increase in cost of revenue as a
percentage of revenue was partially attributable to Interland incurring these
costs in anticipation of growth and in advance of revenues.
Interland
anticipates that costs of revenues will increase in absolute dollars, but
decline as a percentage of revenues as it continues to grow, and achieve a more
cost-effective scale of operations.


Sales and marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses increased $30.8 million to $38.7 million, or
112.8% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $7.9 million,
or 86.6% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 1999.
This increase was
due mainly to a $5.1 million increase in salary expense from a higher number of
sales personnel and a $24.4 million increase in advertising expense.
Interland
expects its sales and marketing expenditures to decrease in both absolute
dollars and as a percentage of revenue in 2001.


General and administrative

     General and administrative expense increased $14.2 million to $24.1
million, or 70.3% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $9.9
million, or 109.0% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The main
factors contributing to this increase include an increase in salary expense of
$7.6 million, a $900,000 increase in rent and a $1.9 million increase in
consulting and professional fees.
Interland expects its general and
administrative expenses in absolute dollars to increase in the future but
decline as a percentage of revenues as it grows, and achieves a more
cost-effective scale of operations.

     
Interland also recorded non-cash deferred stock compensation expense of
$9.0 million and $4.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, in connection with the grant of restricted stock and options and
issuance of common stock to consultants and employees.
In the case of stock
option grants, this amount represents the difference between the fair market
value of Interland's common stock (as calculated consistent with applicable
accounting principles) and the exercise price of the options granted on the
dates the options were granted.
In those cases where common stock was issued,
this amount represents the fair market value of Interland's common stock on the
date of issuance as determined by its board of directors.
This amount is
included as a reduction of shareholders' equity and is being amortized ratably
over the vesting period of the options and restricted stock, which range from 18
months to three years.
For the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, Interland recorded $2.9 million and $3.6 million in non-cash stock
compensation expense, as general and administrative expense.


Depreciation and amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expenses increased $5.3 million to $6.3
million, or 18.4% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $1.0
million during the year ended December 31, 1999, as a result of Interland's
investment in a new data center in Atlanta.


Interest income (expense), net

     Interest income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income on
Interland's cash and cash equivalent balances less interest expense on its
capital lease obligations.
Interest earned on its cash and cash equivalents
increased $2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $206,000
during the year ended December 31, 1999.
This increase was primarily due to the
completion of an initial public offering on July 25, 2000, which resulted in
higher cash balances available for investment.
During the year ended December
31, 2000, Interland incurred interest expense in the amount of $1.6 million on
capital lease obligations.


Income taxes

     No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as Interland has
incurred net operating losses from inception through December 31, 2000.
As of
December 31, 2000, Interland had approximately $77.0 million of federal net
operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income which
expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013.
Interland has recorded a valuation
reserve for all its net deferred tax benefit in the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999 due to uncertainty that it will generate sufficient taxable income
during the carry-forward period to realize the benefit of its net deferred tax
asset.


Net loss

     Interland's net loss increased $50.2 million to $67.0 million during the
year ended December 31, 2000 from $16.8 million during the year ended December
31, 1999.
Interland's net loss increased mainly as a result of increased cost of
revenue, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense.
These
expense increases were partially offset by an increase in revenue of $25.2
million to $34.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2000 from $9.1
million during the year ended December 31, 1999.


COMPARISON OF THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998

Revenues

     Interland's revenues increased $7.7 million, or 557.6%, to $9.1 million
during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.4 million during the year ended
December 31, 1998.
This increase was mainly due to the growth of the business
and number of customers served.
The number of Web sites increased from 10,611 at
December 31, 1998 to 46,094 at December 31, 1999.
Approximately 42% of
Interland's fiscal 1999 revenue was recognized in the fourth quarter.


Cost of revenue

     Interland's cost of revenue increased $6.0 million to $7.0 million, or
77.3% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.0 million, or
73.6% of revenue during the year ended December 31, 1998, due to the growth of
the business and related expenses, including increased salary costs of $3.2
million related to additional systems and customer support personnel, increased
telecommunication and Internet connection costs of $1.3 million, and increased
license fee payments of $655,000.


Sales and marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses increased $6.1 million to $7.9 million, or
86.6% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $1.8 million, or
130.0% of revenues during the year ended December 31, 1998.
This increase was
largely due to a $1.8 million increase in salary expense due to an increase in
the number of sales personnel at higher compensation levels and increased
placement of advertising of $4.0 million.


General and administrative

     General and administrative expense increased $9.2 million to $9.9 million,
or 109.0% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $768,000, or
55.4% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 1998.
This increase was
mostly due to increased salary expense of $2.0 million, increased professional
fees of $401,000 and travel costs of $419,000, as well as severance expense of
$660,000 related to the termination of an officer.

     
Interland recorded non-cash stock compensation expense of $3.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 1999, in connection with the grant of stock options
and issuance of common stock to employees and consultants.
During the year ended
December 31, 1999, Interland granted stock options to purchase shares of its
common stock to employees and consultants at exercise prices below fair market
value.
Interland recorded deferred compensation expense of approximately $4.5
million to additional paid in capital, which will be amortized over the vesting
period.
There were no stock based compensation awards before 1999 and
accordingly there was no non-cash stock compensation expense in 1998.


Depreciation and amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expense increased $900,000 to $1.0 million,
or 11.0% of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 1999 from $115,000
during the year ended December 31, 1998, as a result of the growth of
Interland's business and number of customers served.


Interest income (expense), net

     Interest expense, net consists of interest income on Interland's cash
balances less interest expense on its capital lease obligations.
Interest earned
on Interland's cash and cash equivalents increased $204,000 to $206,000 during
the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2,000 during the year ended December 31,
1998.
This increase was mainly due to the closing of private placements of
preferred stock in December 1999, which resulted in higher cash balances
available for investment.
During the year ended December 31, 1999, Interland
incurred interest expense of $220,000, compared to $20,000 in 1998.


Income taxes

     No provision for federal income taxes has been recorded as Interland has
incurred net operating losses from inception through December 31, 1999.
As of
December 31, 1999, Interland had approximately $19.8 million of federal net
operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income, which
expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013.
Interland has recorded a valuation
reserve for all net deferred tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 1999
due to uncertainty that it will generate sufficient taxable income during the
carry-forward period to realize the benefit of its net deferred tax asset.


Net loss

     Interland's net loss increased $14.5 million to $16.8 million during 1999
from $2.3 million during 1998.
Its net loss increased mainly as a result of
increased cost of revenue, sales and marketing, and general and administrative
expense in 1999 from 1998.
These increases were partially offset by an increase
in revenue of $7.7 million to $9.1 million for 1999 from $1.4 million for 1998.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Interland has financed its operations to date mainly through public and
private equity placements and capital leases from vendors.
At March 31, 2001 and
December 31, 2000, Interland had an accumulated deficit of $103.1 million and
$86.2 million, respectively, and cash and cash equivalents of $37.0 million as
of March 31, 2001.
This balance of cash and cash equivalents is largely the
result of its completion of an initial public offering on July 25, 2000, which
raised net proceeds of $53.0 million and by Interland raising an additional
$28.5 million from the sale of 2,375,000 shares of common stock to three
investors on July 26, 2000.

     
During the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000, Interland used
cash to fund operations of $30,000, $2.2 million, and $37.3 million,
respectively.
The increase in cash used in operations was due mainly to working
capital requirements and net losses, offset by increases in accounts payable,
unearned revenue and accrued expenses.
Net cash used in investing activities was
$1.1 million, $8.8 million, and $39.9 million for the years ended December 31,
1998, 1999, and 2000, respectively, and is comprised mainly of equipment
purchases of $1.1 million, $7.7 million, and $37.0 million, respectively.
Net
cash provided by financing activities was $1.8 million, $35.0 million, and
$109.0 million during the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000,
respectively, and is related mainly to public and private equity placements as
well as borrowings under capital leases.
Total borrowings under Interland's
capital lease obligations as of December 31, 2000 were approximately $15.7
million.

     
During the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, Interland used cash
to fund operations of $17.2 million and $2.1 million, respectively.
The increase
in cash used in operations was due mainly to working capital requirements and
net losses.
Net cash used in investing activities was $5.0 million and $7.8
million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, and is
comprised mainly of equipment purchases of $4.6 million and $7.6 million,
respectively.
Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities was $(1.0)
million and $4.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively, and is related mainly to the sale of our series A preferred stock
in private placements, as well as borrowings and payments under capital leases.

Total borrowings under our capital lease obligations as of March 31, 2001 were
approximately $14.8 million.

     
Interland is pursuing an internal growth strategy that it anticipates may
require additional funding before it begins to generate positive cash flow.

Interland believes that its current cash and cash equivalent balances will be
sufficient to fund execution of its current business plan through the end of
2001.
However, the execution of Interland's business plan may require additional
capital to fund its operating losses, working capital needs, sales and marketing
expenses, lease payments and capital expenditures.
In view of future expansion
plans, Interland will consider its financing alternatives, which may include the
incurrence of debt, additional public or private equity offerings, or an equity
investment by a strategic partner.
Actual capital requirements may vary based
upon the timing and success of the expansion of Interland's operations.

Interland's capital requirements may also change based upon technological and
competitive developments.
In addition, several factors may affect Interland's
capital requirements:

          - demand for Interland's services or its anticipated cash flow from
            operations being less than expected;

          - Interland's development plans or projections proving to be
            inaccurate;

          - Interland engaging in strategic relationships or acquisitions; and

          - Interland accelerating, or otherwise altering, the schedule of its
            expansion plan.

     
On May 15, 2000 Interland executed a loan agreement in the amount of $3.0
million to finance a portion of these capital expenditures.
The loan is secured
by the related assets, bears interest at 16.1% per year and has a three-year
term.
On October 3, 2000 Interland received an additional $3.0 million under
this loan, and as of December 31, 2000, Interland had drawn down approximately
$2.0 million.

     
On June 30, 2000 Interland executed an amendment to a master lease and
financing agreement with Compaq Financial Services Corporation, which provides a
line of credit for the purchase and lease of equipment in the amount of $29.5
million.
Additionally, on June 30, 2000 Interland executed a supplemental master
lease and financing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Corporation, which increased
the equipment financing line of credit by $12.0 million to $20.0 million.

     
On December 14, 2000 Interland executed a master lease agreement with a
diversified financial services company for up to $12.0 million to finance
expansion of its data center.

     
At December 31, 2000 Interland had made commitments of approximately $2.3
million in capital expenditures outstanding for expanded network and facilities.

     
On March 5, 2001 Interland entered into a Service Provider Agreement with
MCI WorldCom Network Services, Inc.
The term of the agreement is three years,
and grants to WorldCom the non-exclusive right to resell Interland's shared and
dedicated hosting plans, e-commerce solutions, web design services, and related
support services directly to its customer base.
Over the course of the
agreement, WorldCom has guaranteed Interland revenue of at least $3,000,000.

     
On March 22, 2001 Interland guaranteed loan obligations of Ken Gavranovic,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to Bear Stearns to repay a $3.4 million
loan.
Mr. Gavranovic has entered into an agreement with Interland under which he
has agreed to promptly repay Interland any amounts that Interland may pay under
that guarantee.
Micron Electronics, Inc. will assume the rights and obligations
of the guarantee at the effective time of the merger described below.
This loan
is secured by a lien on all the shares of Interland owed by Mr. Gavranovic, and
salary, severance pay, or other amounts payable to Mr. Gavranovic may be offset
against the loan.

     
On March 23, 2001, Micron Electronics, Inc., Interland, Inc., and Imagine
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Micron Electronics entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 22, 2001.
Subject to the
terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Imagine will merge with and into
Interland, with Interland to survive the merger and become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Micron Electronics.
Each outstanding share of Interland's common
stock will be exchanged for 0.861 shares of Micron Electronics' common stock and
options and warrants to purchase Interland's common stock will be exchanged for
options or warrants, respectively, to purchase shares of Micron Electronics'
common stock according to the exchange ratio.
In the event that Micron
Electronics' cash and cash equivalents net of those liabilities and related
reserves that do not relate to its hosting business, Net Available Cash, are
less than $200 million, less the amount of any loans made to Interland by Micron
Electronics under the bridge loan and security agreement as of closing, the
exchange ratio will be adjusted as provided in the schedule attached as Annex D.
If the Net Available Cash is less than $100 million at the closing, then
Interland will have the right to terminate the merger agreement; provided,
however, that such termination right may not be exercised by Interland if it has
been advanced more than $10.0 million by Micron Electronics pursuant to the
bridge loan and security agreement entered into contemporaneously with the
merger agreement.

     
Pursuant to the bridge loan agreement, if the closing of the merger has not
occurred prior to June 30, 2001, Micron Electronics has agreed to advance up to
an aggregate principal amount of $10 million to Interland between June 30, 2001
and August 31, 2001, and if the closing has not occurred prior to August 31,
2001, up to an aggregate principal amount of $20 million (including all amounts
previously advanced under the bridge loan agreement) between August 31, 2001 and
the earlier to occur of (1) the closing or (2) the termination of the merger
agreement.
Interest accrues on amounts advanced under the bridge loan agreement
at the rate of 10% per annum.

     
There can be no assurance that additional financing, if required, will be
available on satisfactory terms, or at all.
If Interland does not obtain
additional financing, it intends to reduce its level of spending on both capital
and operating expenses in order to utilize its existing cash balances to
continue expanding the operations on a reduced scale.


RECENT AND PROPOSED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In September 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a
Proposed Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or the Exposure Draft,
entitled Business Combinations and Intangible Assets.
The issuance of a final
statement is currently expected in June 2001.
The statement would prohibit the
application of the pooling-of-interests method for any business combination
initiated after June 30, 2001.
Goodwill arising from business combinations
completed after the release of the statement will not be amortized and the
acquisition of identifiable intangible assets that occur after release of the
statement must be accounted for by allocating the purchase price to the
intangible assets.

     
In June 1998 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, or SFAS 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities."

SFAS 133 established accounting and reporting standards for derivative
instruments and for hedging activities.
SFAS is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2000.
Interland adopted SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS
138, as of January 1, 2001.
The adoption did not have a material effect on its
results of operations or financial condition.

                              
INTERLAND'S BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Interland provides a broad range of Web and applications hosting, managed
services and other related Web-based business solutions specifically designed to
meet the needs of small to medium-sized businesses.
Interland's Web hosting
services include the computer hardware, software, network technology and systems
management necessary to support its customers' Web sites.
Through application
hosting services, Interland deploys, configures and supports various software
applications that customers can access over the Internet.
Interland's managed
services include system administration, data backup and recovery, and network
monitoring.

     
Interland's Web hosting business began in September 1997 and as of March
31, 2001 had approximately 54,000 customer accounts.
During this time, Interland
has developed key strategic relationships with Microsoft, Verizon, and VeriSign,
all of which have made equity investments in Interland.
In addition, Interland
has a private label distribution relationship with Road Runner.
Interland also
has strong business relationships with leading technology providers including
Cisco, Cobalt Networks, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard, Red Hat, Internet Security
Systems, Veritas and Open Wave.

     
Interland bases its hosting services mainly on the Microsoft NT and Red Hat
Linux operating systems.
Interland generally sells services to customers under
fully pre-paid contracts that are typically between three months and two years
in length.
Interland's operations are currently carried out in a single data
center located in Atlanta, Georgia.
This data center is located in close
proximity to the major access points of Internet connectivity providers.


INTERLAND'S SERVICES

     Interland offers an integrated suite of Web and applications hosting and
related business services designed to specifically address the needs of small
and medium-sized businesses.
These services include:

          - shared hosting;

          - dedicated hosting (including high availability hosting) and managed
            services;

          - applications hosting; and

          - consulting services.


During the year ended December 31, 2000, Interland derived 60.6% of its revenues
from its shared services, 25.1% from dedicated services and 14.3% from
applications hosting and consulting services.


Shared hosting

     Shared hosting services are entry-level service plans designed for Web
sites with relatively low volumes of traffic.
Interland's shared hosting
packages minimize the cost for customers by providing hosting services for
multiple customers on a single shared server, spreading the cost of the service
over many users.
Shared hosting is particularly attractive to small- to
medium-sized businesses looking to build their Web presence.
Interland's shared
hosting service plans also include many standard features and more complex
options for database support, e-commerce support, multi-media services and
extensive e-mail support.
The large majority of its customers currently use its
shared hosting services.
Interland intends to reassess continually the needs of
its shared hosting customers and, when appropriate, to encourage them to add
capacity and the ability to provide additional functions to their Web sites by
migrating to dedicated and high availability hosting and managed services.


Dedicated hosting and managed services

     Dedicated hosting services are designed for customers with complex
requirements and high traffic volumes.
Web sites on dedicated servers typically
have database driven content that requires multiple

applications and database servers to operate.
Interland's dedicated service
plans provide each customer with a complete Web site hosting solution including
all of the hardware, software, network equipment and support necessary to run
the Web site.
These service plans offer a number of advantages to its customers
in addition to those received in its shared hosting packages, including:

          - Capacity -- the customer receives greater processing and storage
            resources;

          - Reliability -- the customer's Web site is located on its own server
            reducing the possibility of server related difficulties;

          - Flexibility -- it can customize a specific customer's server or
            servers to optimize performance and enhance security; and

          - Speed -- dedicated servers can reduce response time and increase
            processing speed of the customer's Web site, allowing for faster
            access to the Web sites information and services and an improved
            experience for the end-user.

     
Interland also offers its high availability, dedicated services to
customers whose Web sites typically require sophisticated databases for critical
application needs or typically experience high user traffic volumes.
This
service allows customers to use multiple servers and is designed to allow its
customers' applications to continue operating in the event of a server failure.

The use of multiple servers therefore provides enhanced reliability and
performance to its customers so that they may securely and efficiently
distribute Web site content and related data.
Interland's high performance, high
availability dedicated hosting service plans provide each customer with
hardware, software, network equipment and high-end customer support necessary to
run the Web site.

     
In October 2000, Interland began offering managed services, including
system administration, data backup and recovery, and network monitoring.
These
services complement its dedicated hosting plans and are utilized by customers
that choose high performance Web hosting that is fully managed by Interland.

Some of these managed services agreements are backed by service level agreements
which provide for specific parameters relating to the uptime and availability of
a customer's Web site.


Applications hosting

     Interland's applications hosting services allow its customers to outsource
to it the deployment, configuration, hosting, management and support of various
software applications.
Its applications hosting services allow its customers to
deploy a software application more quickly and with reduced up-front costs.
In
addition, many small and medium-sized businesses do not have the internal
technical resources to support multiple software applications.
Interland
therefore believes that outsourcing these functions to it is a desirable and
increasingly preferred alternative for these businesses.
The types of
applications it hosts for its customers include collaboration tools, business
tools, mail-service tools, and e-commerce applications.
Currently, the
applications it hosts consist mainly of Microsoft Exchange Server, Office Server
Extension and various e-commerce and security products.


Consulting services

     Interland's consulting and professional services provide assistance to
customers with unique requirements.
These services include:

          - Web site design and re-modeling or enhancement of existing sites to
            optimize performance;

          - e-commerce enabling;

          - system configuration and integration; and

          - provisioning of customized applications.

     
Interland's consulting engagements typically range from a few hours to a
few days depending upon the complexity of the services needed.
Because many of
its customers are new to the Internet, Interland

believes these services are critical to the success of its customers and are
necessary for it to be a complete hosting services provider.
It bills most of
the services on an hourly basis that it pre-packages and prices in standard
blocks.


Pricing

     Interland sells its hosting services under contracts that typically range
from three months to two years in length for shared servers.
It typically
requires payment for the full contract amount at the initiation of the service.

Its Web site hosting offerings and prices for new installations as of April 15,
2001 are generally described in the table below.

       
SERVICE TYPE               SERVICE LEVEL              SET-UP FEE            MONTHLY FEE(1)
       
------------         --------------------------  ---------------------   ---------------------

Shared Hosting Services     Microsoft:
                            
TrueBasic                                  $49.95                  $27.95
                            TrueAdvantage                              $49.95                  $55.95
                            TrueBusiness                               $49.95                 $105.95
                            TrueEnterprise                            $449.95                 $499.95
                            Unix:
                            TrueBasic                                  $49.95                  $22.95
                            TrueAdvantage                              $49.95                  $49.95
                            TrueBusiness                               $49.95                  $99.95
                            TrueEnterprise                  $399.95 - $699.95                 $499.95
Dedicated Hosting Services  Basic Business                  $599.00 - $699.00                 $499.95
                            Select Business                 $699.00 - $899.00                 $799.95
                            Corporate Business          $1,199.00 - $1,399.00                 $999.95
                            Corporate Business Plus     $2,299.00 - $2,499.00               $1,499.95
                            Advanced Business           $2,799.00 - $2,999.00               $2,799.95
Managed Services            Managed Web Services             $350.00 - 525.00       $599.00 - $899.00
                            Managed Database Services               $1,199.00               $1,999.00
                            Managed Web & Database
                            Services                                $1,999.00               $1,999.00
High Availability Services  High Availability Silver    $3,499.00 - $6,599.00   $3,999.00 - $7,599.00
                            High Availability Platinum  $14,599.00 - $17,599.00 $15,599.00 - $18,599.00

- -------------------------
(1) The monthly fees listed above are for short-term contracts.
Interland
    typically offers its customers discounts for longer-term contracts.

     
Interland's applications hosting services are also provided on a monthly
basis.
The fees for these services vary depending on the applications being
provided.

     
To further simplify the purchasing process for its customers, Interland
describes all Web hosting service plans, including features and prices, on its
Web site.
This enables its customers to evaluate the various service offerings
before contacting one of its sales representatives, which in turn shortens its
selling cycle, reduces its customer acquisition costs and ultimately enhances
customer satisfaction by making readily available the necessary technical and
business information for choosing the appropriate service level.
Interland
upgrades its Web site regularly to provide more product information and enhanced
purchasing capabilities for its existing and prospective customers.


SALES AND MARKETING

     Interland utilizes multiple sales and distribution channels in an effort to
maximize its market share.
These channels include direct sales through sales
professionals, indirect sales through reseller and private-label arrangements,
co-marketing relationships, and other channels.


Direct sales

     Interland's direct sales efforts are carried out by three primary groups,
in-bound and out-bound sales professionals, both located in Atlanta, and an
outside sales force based in five regional offices.


Inbound sales force

     Interland's in-bound sales force responds to incoming inquiries about its
services.
Its sales force is trained in a relationship selling methodology that
allows them to better assess the needs of customers and to recommend tailored
solutions.
This methodology gives its customers a one-on-one consultative
relationship with a sales professional in which the specific desires of the
customer are appropriately addressed.
As this relationship develops and its
customer grows, the salesperson can assess the customer's needs and work to
provide the customer with tailored services.
The salesperson can also carefully
monitor the customer's account to make sure that it is proactive in offering
additional products and services as the customer's needs change and expand.


Outbound sales force

     Interland's out-bound sales force generates sales leads through direct
contact with potential customers.
These sales specialists generate new business
through telemarketing, direct mail and Internet contact.
These sales specialists
are also provided specific training so that they can effectively consult and
sell to potential customers.


Outside regional sales force

     During the second half of 2000, Interland initiated the deployment of its
outside sales force.
This sales team focuses on selling its higher-value
solutions, including dedicated hosting, high availability hosting and managed
services, to customers.
Currently, there are five regional sales offices located
in Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and New York with approximately 20
sales representatives.
These sales specialists are also actively involved with
managing the customer relationship through the entire Web development and
building process.

     
In addition to initial training, every sales specialist must attend two
hours per week of on-going training.
This training helps to educate all of its
sales personnel about its technological advances and its latest service
offerings.


Resellers and private label relationships

     Interland currently has a network of resellers consisting of businesses
including system integrators, value added hardware and software resellers, Web
developers and Web consulting companies and Internet service providers.
These
resellers allow it to cost-effectively address a large customer audience that
Interland could not otherwise reach.
Its largest reseller is Road Runner.


Other sales and distribution channels

     Interland also pursues sales through a number of other indirect channels,
including Internet marketing, customer referrals, and industry referrals.


Internet marketing

     A portion of Interland's new customers come to it through on-line
registrations.
Its Internet marketing sales programs offer an automated on-line
sales interface to potential customers.
This enables its customers to purchase
services at any time from its Web site.


Customer referrals

     Interland believes that customer referrals are an excellent source of new
customers.
Many new customers have come to Interland through referrals from
other customers who have had a good relationship with it.
While it rewards its
customers for these referrals with discounts on their services, Interland also
believes that its reputation for excellent customer service leads to many of
these referrals.


Industry referrals

     Interland received many referral customers from other providers of Internet
related services, including Web designers and other Internet industry
professionals.
These other service providers who work with Interland on a
regular basis have experience and knowledge of its services that make them a
valuable source of new customers.


Customer manager system

     All of Interland's sales efforts are supported by its customer manager
system, a proprietary system that helps it manage its entire relationship with
its customers.
After a customer has initiated service with Interland, the
customer manager system automatically provisions the service on the Web server
the customer has selected, verifies correct setup, e-mails the customer its
contract and service information, prints a label to mail the new customer
information (including a 30-page manual), and queues the customer for future
billing.
All calls for customer service and any invoicing are also stored inside
the customer manager system, along with usage statistics, referral information,
and other pertinent customer information.
The system automatically invoices,
debits checking accounts and credit cards, generates late notices, initiates
human follow-up calls, and cancels delinquent accounts.
The system also provides
Interland with useful information to spot troubled servers, estimate cost of
customer acquisitions by advertising medium or lead source, and spot abusive
users, among dozens of other reports.


Marketing

     Interland's product marketing team supports the direct advertising and
marketing activities that it conducts.
The focus of this team is to develop and
launch a range of products and services that will meet its customer's needs.

Product marketing activities include product strategy and definition, pricing,
competitive analysis, product launch, channel program management and product
life cycle management.
By aligning the product marketing organization around its
three key services areas, Interland is able to focus and deliver products and
services quickly.


KEY STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS

     Interland has established and will continue to forge strategic
relationships with leading technology providers, including major software,
hardware, development and Internet marketing organizations, to enhance its
products and services.
These relationships enable it to more quickly gain access
to innovative technologies, provide more creative solutions for its customers,
and allow it to offer its customers many of the same resources that would
otherwise be prohibitively expensive for them to acquire.
Interland is also able
to build upon the research and development and expertise of these companies in
developing and launching new products.
It therefore believes that these
relationships will enable it to continue to provide its customers with the
necessary tools to create, host and maintain a successful Web presence and have
access to sophisticated e-commerce and applications solutions.
These
relationships also provide it with unique marketing and sales opportunities to
customers to which it might not otherwise have access.


Microsoft Corporation

     Interland is a Microsoft Certified Solution Partner and is currently
engaged in several initiatives with Microsoft.
Interland recently entered into a
development, license and co-marketing agreement with Microsoft.
Interland agreed
to develop software and related materials that will enable the installation of
packaged hosted service on Microsoft's Windows 2000 and NT platforms and have
granted Microsoft a perpetual, irrevocable license to the software.
It will pay
Microsoft five percent of the total gross revenues that it receives from
licensing or otherwise exploiting the software for five years following
Microsoft's acceptance of the software.
In return, Microsoft provides Interland
with an opportunity to be involved in beta programs and training initiatives for
Microsoft's IIS program and the Windows 2000 and Exchange Server products.
In
addition, Microsoft has agreed to include it at trade show events.
The agreement
will continue until terminated by either party for cause or by Microsoft if
Interland fails to deliver the software or related documentation.
Microsoft has
invested $12.5 million in Interland's common stock and holds warrants to
purchase 1,015,230 shares of its common stock.

     
Interland has recently entered into an updated application services
agreement that revises the framework under which it can obtain and license
various Microsoft products.
The updated agreement governs its use of Exchange
Server, Officer Server Extension and other products in its hosting operations
and requires it to flow-down particular licensing terms to its end-users.
Under
the agreement, Interland has a choice of paying Microsoft on a per processor or
unique individual user basis for each of the covered products.
The agreement has
a term of two years, and expires on January 31, 2003.


VeriSign

     Interland has a strategic alliance with VeriSign, the leading Internet
trust authority.
Through a premier program agreement, Interland utilizes
VeriSign's domain name registration, secure socket layer digital certificate,
and secure payment processing services.
This relationship provides Interland
with the ability to license access to VeriSign's domain name record servers and
registry database.
VeriSign promotes Interland as a preferred hosting partner
and in return Interland uses VeriSign as its exclusive registrar of generic
top-level domain names.
Interland pays for domain registration services through
a wholesale cost model and can offer domain name registration services for a
period of ten years.
The term of the agreement is four years and will renew
automatically for one-year terms.
In addition, VeriSign has invested $10.0
million in Interland's common stock and holds warrants to purchase 747,313
shares of its common stock.


Road Runner

     Road Runner is an affiliate of AOL Time Warner Inc. Road Runner provides
high-speed Internet access through the cable television infrastructure.
One of
the services Road Runner offers to its customers is Web hosting.
Pursuant to a
reseller agreement, Road Runner has engaged Interland as the exclusive provider
of these services.
These services are branded under the Road Runner brand, but
Interland provides all Web hosting and support services.
Road Runner is
responsible for the collection of payments from its customers and pays Interland
with respect to each of its customers.
Interland also provides training for the
sales and support representatives of Road Runner.
The term of this agreement is
for two years, but may be terminated by either party upon 120 days written
notice.
In connection with this relationship, Interland granted a warrant to
Road Runner to purchase up to 376,920 shares of its common stock based on its
achievement of performance criteria.


Verizon

     In October 2000, Interland entered into a business relationship with
Verizon, Inc., a leading provider of communications and information services.

The business relationship consists of a marketing channel relationship and a
service provider relationship.
Under the marketing channel relationship,
Interland jointly markets and promotes a co-branded version of its products and
services to some of Verizon's customers.
In return for Verizon's identification
of customers, Interland will pay Verizon 12.5% of revenue received by it

under the marketing channel relationship.
Under the service provider
relationship, Verizon has the right to market and sell a co-branded version of
Interland's products and services to its business customers.
In addition,
Interland is the only shared Web hosting service provider with which Verizon has
a co-branded marketing arrangement, other than Verizon's existing arrangements.

The term of the business relationship is three years and automatically renews
for three-year terms.
As part of the Marketing Channel relationship, Verizon and
Interland have committed $6.0 million towards marketing efforts over the term of
the agreement.
Verizon has invested $25.0 million in Interland's common stock
and holds a warrant to purchase 3,132,000 shares of its common stock.


Other co-marketing and supplier arrangements

     Interland has entered into a number of other co-marketing and supplier
relationships.
Some of these relationships include:

CO-MARKETING RELATIONSHIPS        SUPPLIER RELATIONSHIPS              REFERRAL RELATIONSHIPS
- --------------------------        ----------------------              ----------------------

Stamps.com                  Allaire (Software -- Cold Fusion)   International Webmasters
Verizon                     Cisco (Hardware)                    Association
VeriSign                    Sun Cobalt Networks (Hardware)      Small Business Alliance
Microsoft                   Red Hat (Linux platform)            World Organization of Webmasters
                            SoftQuad Software Inc.              SmallBusinessDepot.com
                            (Software -- HotMetal Pro 6.0)      International Profit Associates
                            Miva (software -- E-commerce)       (IPA)
                            Hewlett-Packard (Hardware)          Online Data Corp (Merchant
                            Openwave Systems (Hardware/Email)   Accounts)
                            Veritas (Backup Software)           
Fleet Financial of Boston
                            Internet Security Systems
                            (Security -- Managed Services)
                            Inex (Software -- E-commerce)
                            Webtrends (Software)
                            RealNetworks (Software)
                            Systar (Server Management
                            Software)
                            BMC (Server Management Software)
                            
MacroMedia
                            Adobe
                            Compaq
                            Worldpay
                            Software.com

     The nature of these relationships is generally to enable Interland to
further promote its brand identity while seeking cost-effective access to a
larger addressable market.
Some of these relationships impose mutual minimum
levels of advertising expenditure commitments.


CUSTOMERS

     Interland began its operations in the Web solutions market in September
1997.
As of March 31, 2001, it was delivering services to 88,571 customer Web
sites.
A large majority of its customers are located in the United States and
are traditional small- and medium-sized businesses.
Approximately 10% of its
customers are in other countries with some of them being local Internet service
providers in their countries.

     
The number of its customer Web sites grew from 10,611 at December 31, 1998
to 46,094 at December 31, 1999, to 86,010 at December 31, 2000 and to 88,571 at
March 31, 2001.
This growth resulted from the internal development of its
customer base through advertising and reseller efforts.

     
Interland enters into contracts with shared and low-end dedicated
customers, the majority of which range from three months to two years.
As of
March 31, 2001, it had contracts with an average length of 12.9 months and
approximately 72% of its contracts have a length of at least 12 months.
These
contracts are typically prepaid at the time they are initiated.
If the contract
is canceled in the first thirty days, it gives the customer a full refund.

     
Interland enters into 12 or 24-month non-cancelable contracts with its
high-end dedicated customers.
These contracts are typically paid on a
month-to-month basis, one month in advance.


CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT

     Interland believes customer service and support is critical to its future
success and growth.
It offers superior customer service by understanding the
technical requirements and business objectives of its customers and by
fulfilling their needs proactively on an individual basis.
Its customer service
staff is focused on direct and indirect customer service and support.
It
provides technical support 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year,
and has developed a customized, life-cycle support management approach to
Interland's operations.

     
In servicing and supporting its customers, Interland utilizes a number of
sophisticated automated systems, including a problem resolution and
trouble-ticketing system, an enterprise system-monitoring platform,
sophisticated telephone system, on-line trouble management system, and workforce
management system.
It also conducts customer satisfaction surveys on a regular
basis to help it improve its support and product offerings.
Interland believes
that its approach to customer service and its ability to respond rapidly to
customer needs provides it with a significant competitive advantage.


NETWORK AND TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE

     Interland designed its high performance server network to provide superior
availability and reliability for its customers' hosting operations.
The network
currently consists primarily of one data center in Atlanta connected by a high
performance network to the Internet.
Within the data center a virtual
local-area-network provides redundant, high-speed internal connectivity.


Data center

     Interland's new data center is a secure, redundant, and high-speed hosting
facility.
The data center is in close proximity to all major carrier network
centers and is capable of supporting any of the current and future products it
plans to deploy.
It maintains two backup systems for each component of the
hosting process ranging from backup servers to multiple access lines.

Additionally, it has purchased several power generators to ensure that even in
the event of a power failure, its facilities will continue to operate.
Its
server computer rooms have cooling and fire suppression systems.
It removes all
tape backups to a remote facility for storage in a fireproof facility.
It also
has a highly trained and experienced technical staff that continually monitors
the operations of the network and servers on a 24 hours a day, seven days a week
basis through its network operations center.


Customer load balancing

     Interland maintains a customer ratio on its shared servers that allows
quick access to its shared customers' Web sites, even under heavy loads.
More
importantly, as its customer's Web sites become more interactive, its customer
ratio will allow the Web server to handle the additional loads without further
hardware investment.
It believes that this future planning will offer
significant advantages over competitors who have higher customer ratios and
central processing unit utilization.
It believes these competitors will have to
purchase additional hardware and move customers onto multiple Web servers as the
sites become more interactive, and thus more central processing unit intensive.


Proprietary technology

     Interland has developed various proprietary technologies that address the
back-end processing and customer interface components of its services, allowing
customers to order, change and manage their Web hosting accounts easily
regardless of their level of technical expertise.
It designed its auto-provision
technology to let customers make modifications to their sites from the Internet
without having to contact one of its support staff members.
For example, it
provides customers with the ability to change passwords, protect specific
directories, and create database sources without interacting with one of its
representatives.
The technology allows it to provide graphical statistics free
to all customers.
These statistics provide detailed reports on Web site usage,
including categories such as top referring sites, number of unique Web hits,
origin of Web hits, and periods of highest usage.
In sum, Interland's
proprietary technology allows it to provide flexibility to its customers and
help them create the services they need.

     
Interland's proprietary technology also results in greater operational
efficiency.
It has developed innovative billing technology that simplifies the
accounting process and leads to effective cash management.


Connectivity

     Interland utilizes multiple DS-3 connections to the Internet.
Its data
center is provisioned directly off Packet of Sonet interconnections to the major
Internet carriers.
Its new facility opened in March 2000 with multiple OC3 and
OC12 connections.

     
Interland designed its high-speed network and high-speed Internet backbone
to have sufficient capacity to assure that its customers' Web site traffic is
processed as quickly as possible.
By utilizing top tier connectivity, it is able
to offer highly resilient, redundant, and high-speed connectivity between the
Internet and Interland's data center.


Location advantage

     An important component of Interland's connectivity is its Atlanta location.

It uses multiple connectivity providers, including UUnet, Sprint, Qwest, Cable &
Wireless, and Digex, to prevent any single failure point.

     
Interland's proximity to its connectivity providers provides it with
several benefits.
First, it enhances the connection speed to the Internet as the
distance to the providers has been reduced.
Second, the cost of connecting to
its connection points of its major providers is minimized.
Third, it is able to
add capacity to its connections to Internet access providers more quickly as its
needs expand.
It therefore believes that its location provides it with a
competitive advantage over hosting companies located in remote locations,
relative to major Internet connection points.
These competitors may experience
delays in adding capacity to handle increased demand and will probably pay
premiums to have the capacity delivered to their locations.


Network operations center

     Interland fully staffs its Atlanta network operations center 24 hours a
day, seven days a week with technical experts in Windows 2000 and NT and Linux
operating platforms.
The network operations center personnel monitor each piece
of equipment, including routers, switches, and servers.
The design and systems
used in the network operations center allow its systems engineers and
administrators and support staff to be promptly alerted to problems.
It has
documented procedures for rapidly resolving any technical problems that arise.

The network operations center and its customer care center are fully integrated
and have documented communication and escalation procedures.
Its network
operations center is also responsible for monitoring all Internet and
communication connections to make sure they are functional and properly loaded.


Network security

     Interland's network incorporates host-based security with Cisco router
access control lists, as well as SecurID token-based authentication.
In addition
to these physical security measures, it has a formal security policy in place,
including employee training, that governs all facets of its business and
guidelines governing internal and external access to information housed in its
network system.


COMPETITION

     The markets in which Interland competes are highly competitive.
Because
there are no substantial barriers to entry, it expects that it will face
competition from both existing competitors and new market entrants in the
future.
It believes that participants in these markets must grow rapidly and
achieve a significant presence to compete effectively.
It believes that the
primary competitive factors determining success in its markets include:

     - technical expertise in developing advanced Web hosting solutions;

     - Internet system engineering and technical expertise;

     - quality of service, including speed, network capability, expansion
       capability, reliability, security and ability to support multiple
       functions;

     - brand name recognition;

     - competitive pricing;

     - ability to maintain and expand distribution channels;

     - customer service and support;

     - broad geographic presence;

     - a complete range of services and products;

     - timing of introductions of new and enhanced services and products;

     - network security and reliability;

     - financial resources; and

     - conformity with industry standards.

     
As a developing company, Interland may lack the financial and other
resources, expertise or capabilities to capture increased market share in this
environment in the future.

     
Interland's current and prospective competitors include:

     - Web site hosting and related services providers, including Digex
       Corporation, Globix Corporation, Interliant, Inc., Data Return Corp.,
       Inflow Inc., Navisite, Inc. and USinternetworking, Inc. and a large
       number of local and regional hosting providers;

     - application-specific hosting service providers such as Critical Path;

     - co-location providers such as AboveNet Communications, Inc., Exodus,
       Digital Island and Frontier GlobalCenter Inc.;

     - national and regional Internet service providers, including XO,
       EarthLink, Inc., PSINet Inc., UUnet, NTT Verio, Inc., and Genuity;

     - customized application service providers, including AppNet Systems, Inc.,
       CORIO, Inc., USinternetworking, Inc. and USWeb/CKS;

     - application developers and Internet application software vendors,
       including Open Market, Inc., DoubleClick Inc. and Broadcast.com, inc.;

     - large system integrators and information technology outsourcing firms,
       including Electronic Data Systems Corporation and International Business
       Machines Corporation;

     - global telecommunications companies, including AT&T Corp., MCI WorldCom,
       Inc. and Sprint Corporation, and regional and local telecommunications
       companies, including AT&T Broadband, Inc. and regional Bell operating
       companies; and

     - computer hardware providers, including Dell Computer Corporation,
       Gateway, Inc., and Compaq Computer Corporation.

     
Although it is impossible to quantify its relative competitive position in
its market, many of these competitors have substantially greater financial,
technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating
histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the
industry than Interland has.
As a result, many of these competitors may be able
to develop and expand their network infrastructures and service offerings more
rapidly, adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements more quickly, take advantage of acquisitions, consolidation
opportunities and other opportunities more readily, devote greater resources to
the marketing and sale of their services and adopt more aggressive pricing
policies than Interland can.
In addition, these competitors have entered and
will likely continue to enter into joint ventures or consortia to provide
additional services competitive with those provided by Interland.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

     Interland relies on a combination of trademark, service mark, copyright and
trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect its
proprietary rights and promote its reputation and the growth of its business.
It
does not own any patents that would prevent or inhibit competitors from using
its technology or entering its market although it is evaluating whether to apply
for patent protection on aspects of its technology and business.
While it is its
practice to require all of its employees to enter into agreements containing
non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions and covenants,
and while its agreements with some of its customers and suppliers include
provisions prohibiting or restricting the disclosure of proprietary information,
Interland cannot be sure that these contractual arrangements or the other steps
taken by it to protect its proprietary rights will prove sufficient to prevent
illegal use of its proprietary rights or to deter independent, third-party
development of similar proprietary assets.
In addition, Interland provides its
services in other countries where the laws may not afford adequate protection
for its proprietary rights.

     
Interland licenses or leases many technologies used in its Internet
application services.
Its technology suppliers may become subject to third-party
infringement claims, which could result in their inability or unwillingness to
continue to license their technology to it.
The loss of some of its technologies
could impair its ability to provide services to its customers or require it to
obtain substitute technologies of lower quality or performance standards or at
greater cost.
Interland expects that it and its customers increasingly will be
subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of Web sites and
third-party service providers for Web-based businesses grows.
Although it does
not believe that its technologies or services otherwise infringe the proprietary
rights of any third parties, Interland cannot be sure that third parties will
not assert claims against it in the future or that these claims will not be
successful.
Any infringement claim as to Interland's technologies or services,
regardless of its merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation,
cause delays in service, installation or upgrades, adversely impact its
relationships with suppliers or customers or require it to enter into royalty or
licensing agreements.


GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     Interland is not currently subject to direct federal, state or local
government regulation, other than regulations applicable to businesses
generally.
There is currently only a limited body of laws and regulations
directly applicable to businesses that provide access or commerce on the
Internet.

     
The "Digital Millennium Copyright Act" became effective in October 1998 and
provides a limitation on liability of on-line service providers for copyright
infringement for transmitting, routing or providing connections, transient
storage, caching or storage at the direction of a user, if the service provider
had no knowledge or awareness that the transmitted or stored material was
infringing and meets other conditions.
Since this law is new and does not apply
outside of the United States, Interland is unsure of how it will be applied to
limit any liability it may face in the future for any possible copyright
infringement or copyright-related issues.
This new law also requires service
providers to follow "notice and take-down" procedures and to meet other
conditions in order to be able to take advantage of the limitation on liability.

Interland has recently implemented the procedures and believes it meets the
conditions to qualify for the protection provided by the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act.
Moreover, its customers are subject to an acceptable use policy
which prohibits them from transmitting, storing or distributing material on or
through any of its services which, in Interland's sole judgment is (1) in
violation of any United States local, state or federal law or regulation, or
infringes on the copyright of a third party (2) fraudulent on-line marketing or
sales practices or (3) fraudulent customer information, including identification
and payment information.
Although this policy is designed to promote the
security, reliability and privacy of Interland's systems and network, it cannot
be certain that its policy will accomplish this goal or effectively limit its
liability.

     
Despite enactment of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the law relating
to the liability of on-line services companies and Internet access providers for
information carried on or distributed through their networks remains largely
unsettled.
It is possible claims could be made against on-line services
companies and Internet access providers under both United States and foreign law
for defamation, obscenity, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or
other theories based on the nature and content of the materials distributed
through their networks.
Several private lawsuits seeking to impose such
liability upon on-line services companies and Internet access providers are
currently pending.

     
Although sections of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 that proposed
to impose criminal penalties on anyone distributing indecent material to minors
over the Internet were held to be unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court, in
October 1998, Congress passed the Child Online Privacy Protection Act, which
sought to make it illegal to communicate, for commercial purposes, information
that is harmful to minors.
In February 1998, the United States District Court
judge issued a preliminary injunction against the enforcement of the Child
Online Protection Act on constitutional grounds.
An appeal from the District
Court's ruling is pending.
While Interland cannot predict the ultimate outcome
of this proceeding, even if the Child Online Protection Act is ruled
unconstitutional, similar laws may be proposed, adopted, or upheld in the
future.
The nature of future legislation and the manner in which it may be
interpreted and enforced cannot be fully determined and, therefore, legislation
similar to the Communications Decency Act could subject Interland and/or its
customers to potential liability, which in turn could harm its business.
The
adoption of any of these types of laws or regulations might decrease the growth
of the Internet, which in turn could decrease the demand for its services or
increase its cost of doing business or in some other manner harm its business.

     
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, and the rules
promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission implementing the provisions of the
act, regulate the collection, use or disclosure of personally identifiable
information from and about children on the Internet by operators of Web sites or
on-line services directed to children, and operators of general audience Web
sites who knowingly collect information from children.
The act and the FTC rules
require the operators of such Web sites and on-line services to (1) provide
notice of its information collection, use, and disclosure practices, (2) obtain
parental consent before any collection, use or disclosure of personal
information collected from children, (3) provide an opportunity for parental
review of personal information collected from children and the right to prohibit
further use or maintenance of that information, (4) not condition a child's
participation in any on-line activity on disclosing more personal information
than is necessary, and (5) to establish and maintain reasonable procedures to
protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information
collected from children.
An operator will be deemed to be in compliance with the
requirements of the act and the FTC rules if the operator complies with any
industry self-regulatory guidelines approved by the FTC.
The FTC is authorized
to bring enforcement actions and impose civil penalties for violations of the

FTC rule.
Interland may operate Web sites that are directed to children on
behalf of some of its customers.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
and the FTC rules implementing it went into effect on April 21, 2000.
Interland
has not yet taken affirmative steps to adopt or comply with any FTC-approved
industry self-regulatory guidelines.

     
In February 1995, the European Union adopted Directive 95/46/EC on the
protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on
the free movement of such data.
As a result of this directive the 15 member
countries of the European Union are required to pass specific privacy protection
legislation by October 1998 regarding the collection and use of personally
identifiable information.
One section of the directive requires member states to
ensure that personally identifiable information is only transferred outside of
the EU to countries with adequate privacy protection.
In response to the
directive, the U.S. Department of Commerce has proposed seven "Safe Harbor"
principles designed to serve as guidelines for United States companies.
In light
of the "Safe Harbor" principles, the EU announced in the fall of 1998 that it
would avoid disrupting the exchange of information with the United States by
allowing its member countries to transfer information to the U.S. so long as it
continues good faith negotiations with the EU.
However, if an EU member country
determines that a Web site administered by a U.S. company has a significant
presence in the country and is in violation of the Safe Harbor Principles, it
may nonetheless prosecute and sanction the U.S. company through its regulatory
agency for improper data collection.
Most EU member countries, including the
United Kingdom, have enacted legislation consistent with the directive that has
forced some U.S. companies to take actions to comply with the directive.

Although Interland currently provides services over the Internet in the United
Kingdom and other countries that are members of the EU, it has not taken
affirmative steps to comply with the "Safe Harbor" principles announced by the
Department of Commerce.

     
While there currently are relatively few laws or regulations directly
applicable to the Internet or to applications hosting providers, due to the
increasing popularity of the Internet and Web-based applications it is likely
that such laws and regulations may be adopted.
These laws may cover a variety of
issues including, for example, user privacy and the pricing, characteristics and
quality of products and services.
The adoption or modification of laws or
regulations relating to commerce over the Internet could substantially impair
the future growth of Interland's business or expose it to unanticipated
liabilities.
Moreover, the applicability of existing laws to the Internet and
Internet application service providers is uncertain.
These existing laws could
expose it to substantial liability if they are found to be applicable to its
business.
For example, Interland provides services over the Internet in many
states in the United States and in the United Kingdom, and it facilitates the
activities of its customers in those jurisdictions.
As a result, it may be
required to qualify to do business, be subject to taxation or be subject to
other laws and regulations in these jurisdictions, even if it does not have a
physical presence or employees or property there.
The application of existing
laws and regulations to the Internet or its business, or the adoption of any new
legislation or regulations applicable to the Internet or its business, could
materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results.


EMPLOYEES

     As of April 20, 2001, Interland had 525 employees, of which 149 were in
sales and marketing, 48 were in information technology, 282 were in customer
service, engineering, consulting and technical support and 46 were in finance
and administration.
None of its employees are represented by a labor union, and
management believes that employee relations are good.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Interland is currently a party to various legal proceedings arising out of
its normal course of business, none of which is expected to have a material
adverse effect on the combined company's business.

                   
SHARE OWNERSHIP BY PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS,
                     MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS OF INTERLAND

     The following table sets forth as of April 15, 2001, some information
concerning the beneficial ownership of Interland's common stock, which is its
only outstanding class of voting stock, by (1) each person known to Interland to
beneficially own more than 5% of its common stock, (2) each director and
designated highly compensated executive officer, and (3) all of the directors
and executive officers as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons
named below had sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock shown as beneficially owned by them.

                                                                 
SHARES
                                                              BENEFICIALLY
                  NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                       OWNED        PERCENT(1)
                  
------------------------                    ------------    ----------

Kenneth Gavranovic(2).......................................    9,120,523       19.22%
David N. Gill(3)............................................      625,000        1.31
H. Christopher Covington(4).................................      147,000           *
Mark K. Alexander(5)........................................      
138,000           *
Robert Malally(6)...........................................       
70,000           *
Nicholas Farsi(7)...........................................       
50,000           *
Jeffrey L. Ehrlich(8)
.......................................       25,000           *
Maryjane Stevens(9).........................................       
62,800           *
Andrew E. Jones(10).........................................    1,733,945        3.66
Clyde A. Heintzelman(11)....................................       41,535           *
Gregg A. Mockenhaupt(12)....................................    3,963,302        8.37
William E. Whitmer(13)......................................       
41,960           *
Frederick W. Field(14)......................................       37,811           *
Waldemar Fernandez(15)......................................    8,272,523       17.39
Crest Partners II, LLC(16)..................................    
3,963,302        8.37
Microsoft Corporation(17)...................................
   4,124,230        8.53
BancBoston Ventures, Inc.(18)...............................    2,482,064        5.24
Bell Atlantic Investments, Inc.(19).........................    2,449,999        5.17
West Highland Capital, Inc.(20).............................    2,773,800        5.86
All executive officers and directors as a group(13
  persons)(21)..............................................   16,056,876       33.38

- -------------------------
  *  Denotes less than 1%.

 
(1) The percentages shown are based on 47,348,585 shares of common stock
     outstanding on April 15, 2001 plus, as to each person and group listed, the
     number of shares of common stock deemed owned by such holder pursuant to
     Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act assuming the exercise of options held by
     such holder that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2001.

 
(2) Includes 108,000 shares subject to exercisable options.
Does not include an
     aggregate of 70,200 shares issuable to Mr. Gavranovic's mother pursuant to
     exercisable options, with respect to which Mr. Gavranovic disclaims
     beneficial ownership.
Mr. Gavranovic's address is 303 Peachtree Center
     Avenue, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30303.

 
(3) Includes 324,000 shares subject to exercisable options.
Also includes
     300,000 shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an
     18-month period from December 22, 2000.

 
(4) Includes 72,000 shares subject to exercisable options.
Also includes 75,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from December 22, 2000.

 
(5) Includes 63,000 shares subject to exercisable options.
Also includes 75,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from December 22, 2000.

 
(6) Includes 45,000 shares subject to exercisable options.
Also includes 25,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from December 22, 2000.

 
(7) Includes 50,000 shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over
     an 18-month period from December 22, 2000.

 
(8) Includes 25,000 shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over
     an 18-month period from December 22, 2000.

 
(9) Includes 27,000 shares subject to exercisable options.
Also includes 25,000
     shares that are restricted and subject to forfeiture over an 18-month
     period from January 8, 2001.


(10) Includes 1,733,945 shares beneficially owned by BV Partners III, L.L.C., of
     which Andrew E. Jones is a general partner, and with respect to which he
     disclaims beneficial ownership.
The 1,733,945 shares consist of 1,634,595
     shares held by Boulder Ventures III, L.P. and 99,350 shares held by Boulder
     Ventures III (Annex), L.P. BV Partners III, L.L.C. serves as the general
     partner of both Boulder Ventures III, L.P. and Boulder Ventures III
     (Annex), L.P.

(11) Includes 41,535 shares subject to exercisable options.


(12) Includes 3,963,302 shares beneficially owned by Crest Partners II, LLC, of
     which Mr. Mockenhaupt is a managing director.
Crest Partners II, LLC is the
     general partner of Crest Communications Partners L.P., which owns 3,851,432
     shares, and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund L.P., which owns 111,870 shares.
Mr.
     Mockenhaupt disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by these
     funds, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such funds.


(13) Includes 39,960 shares subject to exercisable options.


(14) Includes 36,811 shares subject to exercisable options.


(15) Includes 270,000 shares subject to exercisable options, 5,936,000 shares
     owned by a family limited partnership, of which Mr. Fernandez serves as the
     general partner and 83,399 shares owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr.
     Fernandez and certain members of his family.
Does not include an aggregate
     of 216,000 shares owned by Mr. Fernandez' daughter, with respect to which
     Mr. Fernandez disclaims beneficial ownership.
Mr. Fernandez' address is
     6268 Jericho Turnpike, Commack, New York 11725.


(16)
The 3,963,302 shares consist of 3,851,432 shares held by Crest
     Communications Partners L.P. and 111,870 shares held by Crest Entrepreneurs
     Fund L.P. Crest Partners II, LLC serves as the sole general partner of both
     Crest Communications Partners L.P. and Crest Entrepreneurs Fund L.P. Gregg
     A. Mockenhaupt, who is a managing director of Crest Partners II, LLC, may
     be deemed to be a controlling person of Crest Communications Partners L.P.
     and
Crest Entrepreneurs Fund L.P. Mr. Mockenhaupt disclaims beneficial
     ownership of the shares held by these funds, except to the extent of his
     proportionate pecuniary interest in such funds.
The address of Crest
     Partners II, LLC is 320 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022.


(17) Includes 1,015,230 shares subject to exercisable warrants.
The address of
     Microsoft Corporation is One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399.


(18) BancBoston Ventures, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank Boston,
     N.A., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fleet Boston Financial
     Corporation.
The address of BancBoston Ventures, Inc. is 100 Federal
     Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.


(19)
The address of Bell Atlantic Investments, Inc. is 1095 Avenue of the
     Americas, New York, New York 10036.


(20)
The address of West Highland Capital, Inc. is 300 Drake's Landing Road,
     Suite 290, Greenbrae, California 94904.


(21) Includes an aggregate of 757,306 shares subject to exercisable options.

                
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO INTERLAND

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

     
The following table sets forth certain information for the last fiscal year
concerning compensation paid by Interland to its chief executive officer who is
being nominated to serve as a director of Micron Electronics and will serve as
the vice chairman and chief technical officer of the combined company following
the completion of the merger.

                                                                                  
LONG-TERM
                                                                                COMPENSATION
                                              ANNUAL COMPENSATION                  AWARDS
                                       ---------------------------------   
-----------------------
                                                               OTHER       RESTRICTED   SECURITIES
                                                               ANNUAL        STOCK      UNDERLYING    ALL OTHER
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION(S)  
YEAR    SALARY     BONUS    COMPENSATION     AWARDS      OPTIONS     COMPENSATION
- ------------------------------  ----   --------   -------   ------------   ----------   ----------   ------------

Kenneth Gavranovic..........    2000   $251,158   $58,600         --            --           --            --
  Interland chairman and chief
  executive officer

OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

     Interland did not make any option grants or grants of stock appreciation
rights to its chief executive officer in 2000.


FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

     The following table sets forth the fiscal year-end value of unexercised
options held by Interland's chief executive officer at the end of fiscal 2000.

                                                             NUMBER OF SECURITIES          VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                            UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED        IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                                   SHARES                 OPTIONS
AT FISCAL YEAR END        FISCAL YEAR END(1)
                                  ACQUIRED      VALUE     ---------------------------   ---------------------------
             NAME                ON EXERCISE   REALIZED   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
             ----                
-----------   --------   -----------   
-------------   -----------   -------------

Kenneth Gavranovic.............      --          --         108,000        216,000        $77,760       $155,520

- -------------------------
(1) As required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
    value of unexercised in-the-money options is calculated based on the closing
    sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq National Market as of the last
    business day of Interland's fiscal year, December 31, 2000, which was $3.50
    per share.


RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     
In December 1998, Interland loaned $25,000, and in May 1999, Interland
loaned $200,000 to Kenneth Gavranovic, its chairman and chief executive officer.

Each loan is evidenced by a full-recourse promissory note that bears interest at
the rate of 10% per annum.
The principal balances of Mr. Gavranovic's notes are
payable on demand.
Interest on each of the notes is payable quarterly on the
first day of the calendar month following the quarter in which it accrues.
The
rate of interest payable under each promissory note may be increased upon the
occurrence of any event of default, as specified in the notes.

     
The notes are secured by a stock pledge agreement, whereby Mr. Gavranovic
pledged 432,000 of his shares of common stock to secure his obligations under
his respective notes.
The stock pledge agreement permits Interland to dispose of
the pledged shares upon the occurrence of an event of default, as that term is
described in the stock pledge agreement.
The proceeds of any disposition will be
applied first to any unpaid balance due under the respective note, and any
remaining surplus will be distributed to Mr. Gavranovic.

     
Interland has guaranteed Kenneth Gavranovic's loan obligations to Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc., to repay a $3.4 million loan.
Mr. Gavranovic has entered
into an agreement with Interland pursuant to which he

has agreed to promptly repay Interland any amounts that Interland may pay under
that guarantee.
Micron Electronics will assume the rights and obligations of the
guarantee at the effective time of the merger.
This loan is secured by a lien on
all the shares of Interland owed by Mr. Gavranovic, and salary, severance pay,
or other amounts payable to Mr. Gavranovic may be offset against the loan.


OPTION REPRICING

     On May 18, 2001, Interland repriced all outstanding options to purchase
shares of Interland common stock held by currently active employees and
directors.
All Interland stock options with an exercise price greater than $2.75
were repriced to have an exercise price of $2.75.
This repricing was independent
of the merger and will be effective whether or not the merger is approved or the
merger agreement is approved and adopted.

                    
MICRON ELECTRONICS SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, Micron Electronics shareholders may
present proper proposals for inclusion in Micron Electronics' proxy statement
and for consideration at the next annual meeting of its shareholders by
submitting those proposals to Micron Electronics in a timely manner.
As noted in
Micron Electronics' proxy statement relating to its 2000 annual meeting of
shareholders, in order to be so included for the 2001 annual meeting,
shareholder proposals must be received by Micron Electronics no later than
            , 2001, and must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8.

                        
INTERLAND SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Interland will hold an annual meeting in 2002 only if the merger has not
already been completed.
If such meeting is held, Interland expects that it will
take place in May 2002.
Any shareholder who wishes to present a proposal
appropriate for consideration at the 2002 annual meeting must submit the
proposal in proper form at the address set forth on the first page of this proxy
statement no later than November 30, 2001 for the proposal to be considered for
inclusion in Interland's proxy statement and form of proxy relating to such
annual meeting.
Unless Interland is notified of any other shareholder proposal
intended to be presented for action at the 2002 annual meeting not later than 45
days before the day and month of mailing proxy statements in 2002, which mailing
is expected to occur in April 2002, proxies may be voted on such proposal at the
discretion of the person or persons holding those proxies.

                                 
LEGAL OPINION

     
The validity of the shares of Micron Electronics common stock offered by
this joint proxy statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Micron Electronics
by Dorsey & Whitney LLP.

                                    
EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of
Micron Electronics, Inc., as of August 31, 2000 and September 2, 1999 and for
each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2000 included in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance on the report
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

     
The audited financial statements and schedule of Interland, Inc. as of
December 31, 1999 and 2000 and for the three years ended December 31, 2000,
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the
registration statement have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent
public accountants, as indicated in their reports with respect thereto, and are
included herein in reliance upon the authority of said firm as experts in giving
said reports.

                STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated in
this document by reference contain forward-looking statements within the "safe
harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.
These
forward-looking statements include the expected effects of the merger of Micron
Electronics and Interland (such as the establishment of the combined company as
a leading provider of Web hosting solutions and some merger synergies and
expected future operating results of the combined company), the timing of the
expected closing of the merger, the planned sale of Micron Electronics' PC
Systems business and information relating to the expected financial condition,
results of operations and business of the combined company.
Words such as
"anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates"
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
These
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements.

These risks and uncertainties include:

     - the risk that the investment community may not embrace the proposed
       merger, which could lead to a decline in Micron Electronics' or
       Interland's stock price;

     - the likelihood that there will not be Excess Cash or Net Proceeds
       available to be distributed to Micron Electronics' shareholders;

     - the possibility that the value of the Micron Electronics common stock to
       be issued to Interland shareholders in the merger will decrease before
       the merger closes, in which event the number of shares of Micron
       Electronics stock to be received by Interland shareholders would not be
       adjusted;

     - the possibility that the merger will not be consummated due to failure to
       obtain regulatory approvals, the failure of the shareholders of Micron
       Electronics or Interland to approve the merger or other reasons;

     - the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the merger, including
       the potential operating efficiencies, strategic synergies and the
       possibility of increased overall sales, will not be fully realized;

     - the possibility that the integration of Micron Electronics' and
       Interland's operations, products and technologies may not be completed in
       a timely manner, or at all, or may cost more than anticipated;

     - the uncertainty of the combined company to expand its customer base as
       planned, the acceptance by the customers of each of Micron Electronics
       and Interland of the combined company's products and services, and
       overall market acceptance of the integrated Micron Electronics/Interland
       solution;

     - the operational and personnel-related challenges in integrating Micron
       Electronics and Interland;

     - the possible loss of key employees as a result of the merger;

     - the risk of disruption of sales momentum as a result of the merger or
       that the merger could adversely affect Micron Electronics' or Interland's
       relationships with strategic partners;

     - investments in new business opportunities and the ability of Micron
       Electronics to reach a definitive agreement to sell its PC Systems
       business;

     - risks of product returns related to the PC Systems business;

     - the impact of competition on revenues and margins;

     - quarterly fluctuations in operating results;

     - rapidly changing technology and shifting demand requirements and Internet
       usage patterns;

     - other risks and uncertainties, including general economic conditions, the
       unsettled conditions in the Internet and other high-technology industries
       and the ability to attract and retain key personnel; and

     - other risk factors as may be detailed from time to time in Interland's
       and Micron Electronics' filings with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission.

     
In evaluating the merger, you should carefully consider the discussion of
these and other factors in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page
20.

                   
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.
Consolidated Financial Statements:
  Report of Independent Accountants.........................   
F-2
  Consolidated Statements of Income for the Fiscal Years
     Ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and September
     3, 1998................................................   F-3
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the
     Fiscal Years August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and
     September 3, 1998......................................   F-4
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2000 and
     September 2, 1999......................................   F-5
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
     Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999
     and September 3, 1998..................................   F-6
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years
     Ended August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and September
     3, 1998................................................   F-7
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................   F-8
  Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)...............  F-30
Financial statement schedule:
  Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the
     Fiscal Years August 31, 2000, September 2, 1999 and
     September 3, 1998......................................  F-31

INTERLAND, INC.
Report of Independent Public Accountants....................  F-32
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and
  2000......................................................  F-33
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
  December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000..........................  F-34
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
  Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1999
  and 2000..................................................  F-35
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
  December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000..........................  F-36
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................  F-37
Report of Independent Public Accountants on Financial
  Statement Schedule........................................  F-50
Schedule -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years
  Ended December 31, 2000, December 31, 1999 and December
  31, 1998..................................................  F-51

                                       F-1

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

The Shareholders and Board of Directors
Micron Electronics, Inc.

     
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the
accompanying index on page F-1 present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Micron Electronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries at August
31, 2000, and September 2, 1999, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2000, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.
In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in
the accompanying index on page F-1 presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related
consolidated financial statements.
These financial statements and financial
statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits of
these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                          
/s/
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Boise, Idaho
September 29, 2000, except as to the
notes entitled "History of Operating Losses,"
"Discontinued Operations" and
"Subsequent Events" as to which the
date is May 18, 2001

                                       F-2

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                   FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                               AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                               ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

Revenues.....................................     $ 32,862             $   464              $    --
Cost of revenues.............................       24,335                 103                   --
                                                  --------             -------              -------
  Gross margin...............................        8,527                 361                   --
Operating expenses:
  Sales, marketing and technical support.....       26,157                 143                   --
  General and administrative.................       
23,640               3,894                2,678
  Goodwill amortization......................        4,920                 121                   --
  Other expense, net.........................          634               1,442                  605
                                                  --------             -------              
-------
     Total operating expenses................       55,351               5,600                3,283
                                                  --------             -------              
-------
Operating loss...............................      (46,824)             (5,239)              (3,283)
Loss on equity investments...................         (592)                 --                   --
Interest income, net.........................       11,476              12,635               11,488
                                                  --------             -------              -------
Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before taxes...............................      (35,940)              7,396                8,205
Income tax benefit (provision)...............        9,748              (2,209)              (3,124)
                                                  --------             -------              -------
Income (loss) from continuing operations.....      (26,192)              5,187                5,081
Income from discontinued operations, net of
  tax........................................       67,735              31,337               42,872
                                                  --------             -------              
-------
Net income...................................     $ 41,543             $36,524              $47,953
                                                  ========             =======              =======
Income (loss) per share, basic:
  Continuing operations......................     $  (0.27)            $  0.05              $  0.05
  Discontinued operations....................         0.70                0.33                 0.45
                                                  --------             -------              -------
     Net income..............................     $   0.43             $  0.38              $  0.50
                                                  ========             =======              =======
Income (loss) per share, diluted:
  Continuing operations......................     $  (0.27)            $  0.05              $  0.05
  Discontinued operations....................         0.70                0.33                 0.45
                                                  --------             -------              -------
     Net income..............................     $   0.43             $  0.38              $  0.50
                                                  ========             =======              =======
Number of shares used in per share
  calculation:
  Basic......................................       
96,447              96,127               95,657
  Diluted....................................       96,447              96,633               96,027

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       
F-3

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                   FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                               AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999    SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                               ---------------    -----------------    -----------------

Net income...................................      $41,543             $36,524              $47,953
                                                   -------             -------              
-------
Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Reclassification adjustment for loss (gain)
     included in net income..................           --                 (31)               2,514
  Foreign currency translation...............           --                  (6)              (1,845)
                                                   
-------             -------              
-------
                                                        --                 (37)                 669
                                                   -------             -------              
-------
Comprehensive income.........................      $41,543             $36,487              $48,622
                                                   =======             =======              =======

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       
F-4

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE AMOUNTS)

                                                                             AS OF
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                              AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999
                                                              ---------------    -----------------

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents...................................     $200,002            $200,950
Liquid investments..........................................      126,032             137,528
Receivables, net............................................        4,404               6,897
Deferred income taxes.......................................       13,152              14,819
Other current assets........................................        2,847               1,114
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total current assets......................................      346,437             361,308
Property plant and equipment, net...........................       
37,673               2,887
Goodwill and intangibles, net...............................       81,821              22,580
Equity investment...........................................        6,408                  --
Other assets................................................        3,353               1,256
Net assets of discontinued operations.......................       88,228             114,795
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total assets..............................................     $563,920            $502,826
                                                                 ========            ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable and accrued expenses.......................     $ 28,004            $ 12,256
Current debt................................................        
1,971               4,992
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total current liabilities.................................       
29,975              17,248
Long-term debt..............................................           --               5,001
Deferred income taxes.......................................       16,082              11,926
Other liabilities...........................................       11,283              10,152
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total liabilities.........................................       57,340              44,327
                                                                 --------            --------
Commitments and contingencies
Common stock, $.01 par value, authorized 150 million shares;
  issued and outstanding 96.7 million and 96.3 million
  shares, respectively......................................          967                 963
Additional capital..........................................      134,485             127,951
Retained earnings...........................................      
371,128             329,585
                                                                 --------            
--------
  Total shareholders' equity................................      506,580             458,499
                                                                 --------            --------
  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity................     $563,920            $502,826
                                                                 ========            ========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       
F-5

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                               FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                           ---------------------------------------------------------
                                            AUGUST 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 2, 1999   SEPTEMBER 3, 1998
                                           -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
                                           SHARES    AMOUNT    SHARES    AMOUNT    SHARES    AMOUNT
                                           ------   --------   ------   --------   ------   --------

COMMON STOCK
Balance at beginning of year.............  96,272   $    963   95,863   $    959   95,555   $    956
Stock sold...............................     169          2      184          2      254          2
Purchase and retirement of stock.........      --         --       --         --      (14)        --
Stock options............................     222          2      225          2       68          1
                                           ------   --------   ------   --------   ------   --------
Balance at end of year...................  96,663   $    967   96,272   $    963   95,863   $    959
                                           ======   ========   ======   ========   ======   ========
ADDITIONAL CAPITAL
Balance at beginning of year.............           $127,951            $122,837            $120,108
Stock sold...............................              1,518               1,412               1,912
Purchase and retirement of stock.........                 --                  --                 (15)
Stock options............................              2,680               3,295                 801
Sale of patents to MTI...................              2,285                  --                  --
Tax effect of stock options..............                 
51                 407                  31
                                                    --------            --------            --------
Balance at end of year...................           $134,485            $127,951            $122,837
                                                    ========            ========            ========
RETAINED EARNINGS
Balance at beginning of year.............           $329,585            $293,061            $245,139
Purchase and retirement of stock.........                 --                  --                 (31)

Net income...............................             
41,543              36,524              47,953
                                                    --------            --------            --------
Balance at end of year...................           $371,128            $329,585            $293,061
                                                    ========            ========            ========
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Balance at beginning of year.............           $     --            $     37            $   (632)
Other comprehensive income...............                 --                 (37)                669
                                                    --------            --------            
--------
Balance at end of year...................           
$     --            $     --            $     37
                                                    ========            ========            ========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-6

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                     FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                         AUGUST 31,    SEPTEMBER 2,    SEPTEMBER 3,
                                                            2000           1999            1998
                                                         ----------    ------------    ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income.............................................  $  41,543      $  36,524        $ 47,953
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash
  (used in) provided by operating activities from
  continuing operations:
  Depreciation and amortization of intangibles.........     12,257            278              --
  Income from discontinued operations..................    (67,735)       (31,337)        (42,872)
  Write-off of purchased in-process research and
     development.......................................         --          1,000              --
  Provision for doubtful accounts......................        570              6              --
  Other non-cash adjustments...........................     (1,431)          (411)           (507)
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities net of
     the effect of the acquisition transactions:
     Receivables.......................................      2,121          1,550          (5,734)
     Other current assets..............................     (1,732)          (788)            311
     Deferred income taxes.............................        142            (29)             --
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses.............     13,292         (2,746)        (13,769)
     
Other.............................................      1,354            100            (363)
                                                         ---------      ---------        
--------
Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of
  continuing operations................................        381          4,147         (14,981)
                                                         
---------      ---------        
--------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Expenditures for property plant and equipment..........    (36,904)           (92)             --

Purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities....   (245,949)      (205,294)        (52,527)
Proceeds from maturities of investment securities......    260,700         98,391          34,000
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired.....................    (58,297)       (21,348)             --
Equity investment......................................     (7,000)            --              --
Other..................................................     (2,351)        (1,250)             --
                                                         ---------      
---------        
--------
Net cash used for investing activities of continuing
  operations...........................................    
(89,801)      (129,593)        (18,527)
                                                         ---------      ---------        
--------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayments of debt.....................................    (10,016)        (4,475)         (4,192)

Proceeds from issuance of common stock.................      
4,202          4,836           2,716
Purchase and retirement of stock.......................         --             --             (46)
Capital contribution from MTI..........................      2,285             --              --
Other..................................................         52             --              --
                                                         ---------      ---------        
--------
Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities of
  continuing operations................................     (3,477)           361          (1,522)
                                                         ---------      
---------        
--------
Net cash used in continuing operations.................    (92,897)      
(125,085)        (35,030)
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued
  operations...........................................     
91,949         (2,502)        179,632
                                                         ---------      ---------        
--------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents...       (948)      (127,587)        144,602
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year.........    
200,950        328,537         183,935
                                                         ---------      ---------        
--------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year...............  $ 200,002      $ 200,950        $328,537
                                                         =========      =========        ========
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
Income taxes paid, net of amounts recovered............  $     652      $   5,237        $ 39,570
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized..............        495            334             197

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
                                       F-7

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

GENERAL

     Business -- Micron Electronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the
"Company") provide a variety of computer products and related services through
its PC Systems, SpecTek, and HostPro business segments.
The Company has adopted
plans to dispose of its PC Systems and SpecTek business segments, which are
reported separately as discontinued operations -- See the note entitled
"Discontinued operations."
The Web hosting business ("HostPro"), will remain as
the Company's sole continuing operations.
HostPro offers a range of
business-to-business Internet products and services, including turnkey
e-commerce solutions, Web and applications hosting, co-location and connectivity
services primarily to small- and medium-sized businesses.
The PC Systems
business develops, markets, manufactures, sells and supports a wide range of
desktop and notebook systems and network Systems business develops, markets,
manufactures, sells and supports a wide range of desktop and notebook systems
and network servers under the micronpc.com brand name and sells, resells, and
supports a variety of additional peripherals, software and services.
SpecTek
processes and markets various grades of memory products in either component or
module form for specific applications.

     
History of operating losses -- HostPro has incurred net losses and losses
from operations for each period from inception through August 31, 2000, and
anticipates incurring losses for at least the next two years.
The Company does
not expect HostPro to generate positive cash flow from operations for at least
one year.
The Company's future success is dependent upon its ability to achieve
profitability prior to the depletion of cash reserves and to raise funds,
thereafter, if needed.
While the Company believes that it has adequate resources
to maintain planned operations for at least one year from the balance sheet
date, there is no assurance that HostPro will be profitable in the future under
its current Web and application hosting model or that adequate funding will be
available to allow the Company to continue operations subsequent to the one-year
time period.


SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Basis of presentation -- The financial statements include the accounts of
Micron Electronics, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
Investments in
companies in which the Company has significant influence over operating and
financial policies are accounted for using the equity method.
Other investments
are accounted for using the cost method.
All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated.
The Company's operations are reported on
a fiscal basis, which is a 52 or 53-week period ending on the Thursday closest
to August 31.
All references to periods including annual and quarterly are on a
fiscal basis.
The years ended August 31, 2000 and September 2, 1999 contained 52
weeks compared to 53 weeks for the year ended September 3, 1998.
As of August
31, 2000, Micron Technology, Inc. ("MTI") owned 61% of the Company's outstanding
common stock.

     
Use of estimates -- The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements.
The amounts that we will ultimately incur or recover could differ
materially from our current estimates.
The underlying estimates and facts
supporting these estimates could change in 2001 and thereafter.

     
Revenue recognition -- Revenue from continuing operations is primarily
generated by providing shared and dedicated hosting, application hosting,
application hosting, and connectivity services.
Revenue is recognized as the
services are provided.
Hosting contracts generally are for service periods
ranging from 1 to 12 months and typically require up-front fees.
Such fees,
including set-up fees for hosting services, are deferred and recognized ratably
over the customers; expected service period.

                                       F-8

                            MICRON ELECTRONICS, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

     Basic and diluted income (loss) per share -- Basic earnings per share are
computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.