URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/874016/000091205701513750/0000912057-01-513750.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In late October 2000, representatives of Jones requested a meeting with
representatives of McNaughton to discuss a potential transaction between
McNaughton and Jones.
On November 9, 2000, Sidney Kimmel, the Chairman of the
Jones board of directors, and Wesley R. Card, the Chief Financial Officer of
Jones, met with Peter Boneparth, the Chairman of the McNaughton board of
directors, and discussed the possible strategic fit between the two companies,
the possible terms of a potential transaction and other related matters.

Following the meeting, Mr. Card called Mr. Boneparth and informed him that Jones
had retained Morgan Stanley as its financial advisor and that Jones would like
to pursue further discussions with McNaughton, and Jones and McNaughton entered
into a confidentiality agreement.
Subsequently, McNaughton provided various
financial information to Jones.

    
During October and November 2000, the management of McNaughton from time to
time informally updated the members of the McNaughton board of directors as to
the discussions with Jones.
During the same period, the management of Jones
informed the Jones board of directors of the discussions with McNaughton.

    
On November 13, 2000, Mr. Card, Mr. Boneparth and representatives of Morgan
Stanley met for a preliminary financial and business due diligence review of
McNaughton.
On November 16, 2000, Mr. Boneparth met with Jackwyn Nemerov,
President of Jones, Irwin Samelman, Executive Vice President of Marketing of
Jones, Mr. Card and a representative from Morgan Stanley to discuss various
operational, marketing and financial aspects of a possible business combination
involving Jones and McNaughton.
Following the meeting, the parties agreed that
in light of other pressing business needs of the parties, including the need to
focus on the holiday shopping season, no further discussions concerning a
possible business combination would occur until the beginning of 2001.

    
No further discussions occurred between McNaughton and Jones until
mid-February 2001, at which time Mr. Card arranged a meeting among himself and
Mr. Kimmel, on the one hand, and Mr. Boneparth, on the other hand, to discuss
various matters relating to a possible business combination involving Jones and
McNaughton.
During the course of the next two weeks, representatives of Jones
conducted a confidential due diligence review of customers and certain financial
information concerning McNaughton and its subsidiaries.

    
In early March 2001, representatives of Jones proposed that Jones and
McNaughton proceed with further discussions concerning the terms and conditions
of a possible business combination, and, on March 6, 2001, provided
Mr. Boneparth with a preliminary draft of a term sheet outlining various
proposed terms and conditions of an acquisition of McNaughton by Jones.
The term
sheet set forth a proposal involving the acquisition of McNaughton by Jones for
a purchase price of $20.00 per share of McNaughton common stock, to be paid
one-half in cash and one-half in Jones common stock.
The term sheet also
included proposals regarding the treatment of McNaughton stock options,
restrictions on transfers of Jones common stock by certain affiliates of
McNaughton, the renegotiation of certain debt obligations, and the requirement
that employment agreements with key employees (including Mr. Boneparth) and
voting agreements with significant McNaughton stockholders be negotiated as part
of any business combination.

    
During February and March 2001, Mr. Boneparth met with the Chief Executive
Officer of another nationally recognized women's apparel company on two separate
occasions at the invitation of that Chief Executive Officer.
They discussed
various aspects of the women's apparel industry, including the

possible strategic fit between their two companies.
No terms of any possible
transaction were discussed, and, at the second meeting, Mr. Boneparth invited
further discussion should the other Chief Executive Officer have an interest.
No
further discussions between the two companies concerning a possible transaction
occurred following the second meeting.

    
On March 8, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met to discuss the term
sheet and related matters.
The McNaughton board of directors authorized
management to proceed with discussions with Jones and to engage Merrill Lynch as
financial advisor to McNaughton.
On March 13, 2001, McNaughton and Merrill Lynch
entered into an engagement letter for that purpose.

    
From mid-March to early April 2001, McNaughton provided Jones with
additional due diligence materials, which were reviewed by Jones'
representatives.

    
From late March to early April 2001, representatives of Jones and McNaughton
also met on a number of occasions to discuss the financial and other terms of a
possible transaction.
In early April, during the course of these discussions,
Jones agreed to increase its per share purchase price from $20.00 to $21.00, and
the parties discussed other aspects of the structure of the merger consideration
and other terms of a possible transaction.
Also during this period, Jones
indicated that only Mr. Boneparth would be required to enter into an employment
agreement and agree to restrictions on transfers of Jones common stock, and that
it would not require any McNaughton stockholders to enter into voting agreements
or require McNaughton to renegotiate certain debt obligations.
In addition,
during this period, Jones authorized its outside legal counsel for the
transaction, Cravath, Swaine & Moore, to begin preparation of a draft merger
agreement.

    
On April 3, 2001, Mr. Boneparth, Amanda J. Bokman, Chief Financial Officer
of McNaughton, and Merrill Lynch met with representatives of Jones and Morgan
Stanley to discuss the results of operations, financial condition, management
and prospects of Jones.
During that week, representatives of Jones toured
McNaughton's warehouse and distribution facilities in South Carolina and New
Jersey, and representatives of Jones' and McNaughton's independent public
accountants met to discuss accounting matters.

    
On April 4, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met to discuss a
possible business combination with Jones.
McNaughton's senior management, Torys,
McNaughton's outside legal counsel, and Merrill Lynch made presentations
relating to a possible transaction, and Mr. Boneparth reviewed the status of
discussions with Jones, including the increase in the per share purchase price
from $20.00 to $21.00, the strategic reasons for the proposed transaction and
the other principal terms and conditions of the proposed transaction.
Merrill
Lynch presented preliminary valuation and exchange ratio analyses, together with
a business overview of Jones and McNaughton, including a review of strategic
alternatives available to McNaughton as an independent company and other
possible acquirors of McNaughton and their ability to finance an acquisition or
offer of a similar value to that offered by Jones.
Torys also outlined the
directors' legal duties in considering the possible business combination with
Jones.
After considering these discussions, the McNaughton board of directors
agreed that management should pursue further discussions with Jones, including
as to the ability of McNaughton to consider and agree to a superior acquisition
proposal from a third party after signing an agreement with Jones.

    
On April 6, 2001, Cravath, Swaine & Moore distributed a draft merger
agreement to McNaughton, Torys and Merrill Lynch.
During the next several days,
the parties and their legal and financial advisors negotiated the terms of the
merger agreement as well as various matters relating to the merger
consideration.
Also during this time, members of the Jones and McNaughton boards
of directors were updated informally from time to time, and representatives of
Jones and its financial and legal advisors continued their due diligence review
of McNaughton.

    
On April 12, 2001, Jones and McNaughton reached a tentative agreement on the
form, terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement, and the Jones board
of directors unanimously approved that agreement.

    
On April 13, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met with senior
management, Torys, Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., McNaughton's special
Delaware counsel, and Merrill Lynch to consider the merger agreement.
At the
meeting, Torys reviewed with the board of directors its legal duties, the
financial and legal aspects of the proposed business combination, the terms of
the merger agreement and the other matters described below under "--Reasons for
the Merger".
Additionally, Merrill Lynch delivered an opinion to the effect
that, as of that date, the consideration to be received by McNaughton
stockholders pursuant to the merger is fair to McNaughton stockholders, other
than Jones and its affiliates, from a financial point of view.
After discussion
and consideration, the McNaughton board of directors unanimously voted to
approve the merger agreement and resolved to recommend that McNaughton
stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    
On April 13, 2001, following the meeting of the McNaughton board of
directors, the parties finalized and executed and delivered the merger
agreement, and Jones and Mr. Boneparth finalized and executed and delivered the
employment agreement.

    
Prior to the commencement of trading on the New York Stock Exchange and The
Nasdaq Stock Market on April 16, 2001, Jones and McNaughton issued a joint press
release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger and to unanimously recommend
that McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, the McNaughton
board of directors consulted with its financial and legal advisors and with
senior management and considered a number of factors, including without
limitation, the following material factors:

       - The merger consideration negotiated with Jones, including the collar
         provision designed to protect McNaughton stockholders with respect to
         the value of the stock consideration to be received by them in
         connection with the merger, and the implied premium that the merger
         consideration represents over the recent market price of McNaughton
         common stock,

       - The opportunity of McNaughton stockholders to participate, as holders
         of Jones common stock, in a larger, more diversified company in the
         fashion industry, including participation in the value that may be
         generated through the combination of the two companies, including as a
         result of cross-selling and brand-extension opportunities,

       - The view of McNaughton's senior management and other information
         relating to the business, management, competitive position, financial
         condition, operating performance, trading performance and prospects of
         each of McNaughton and Jones,

       - The results of the due diligence relating to Jones conducted by
         McNaughton's management and its legal and financial advisors,

       - Current industry, economic and financial market conditions and
         historical market prices, volatility and trading information for
         McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock,

       - The strategic fit of McNaughton and Jones and the strategic and
         financial alternatives available to McNaughton, including remaining
         independent,

       - The written opinion of Merrill Lynch to the McNaughton board of
         directors dated April 13, 2001, to the effect that, subject to the
         assumptions, matters considered and limitations contained in the
         opinion, as of that date, the consideration to be received by the

         McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger is fair to McNaughton
         stockholders, other than Jones and its affiliates, from a financial
         point of view, and the financial presentation made to the McNaughton
         board of directors by Merrill Lynch in connection with the delivery of
         the opinion.
The full text of the opinion, which describes the
         assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
         undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B to
         this proxy statement/prospectus, and McNaughton stockholders are
         encouraged to read the opinion in its entirety,

       - The view of McNaughton's senior management that there were a limited
         number of potential interested acquirors who have the financial ability
         to acquire McNaughton,

       - The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including provisions
         relating to the ability of McNaughton, under specified circumstances,
         to provide information to, and enter into negotiations with, third
         parties with respect to unsolicited offers to acquire McNaughton, and
         to terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into an agreement
         with a person making an unsolicited offer to acquire McNaughton which
         the McNaughton board of directors determines in its good faith judgment
         (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized
         reputation) provides to McNaughton stockholders a higher value than the
         consideration to be received in connection with the proposed merger
         after paying a termination fee to Jones and giving Jones the
         opportunity to match any offer made by such third parties,

       - The ability of Jones to pay the cash portion of the merger
         consideration,

       - The structure of the transaction, which is intended to qualify as a
         reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes, so that
         McNaughton stockholders, as such, will recognize gain only to the
         extent they receive cash in exchange for their shares of McNaughton
         common stock,

       - The employment agreement that Jones and Peter Boneparth have entered
         into pursuant to which Mr. Boneparth has agreed, among other things, to
         continue his employment with McNaughton and serve as a director of
         Jones after the completion of the merger, and that Mr. Boneparth will
         agree to restrictions on his ability to sell Jones common stock
         obtained upon the exercise of Jones stock options received as a result
         of the merger, and

       - The interests of the officers and directors of McNaughton in the
         merger, including the matters described under "--Interests of Certain
         Persons in the Merger", and the impact of the combination on McNaughton
         stockholders, customers, suppliers and employees.

    
This discussion of the information and factors considered by the McNaughton
board of directors in making its decision to approve the merger and the merger
agreement and to recommend that McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger
agreement is not intended to be exhaustive, but it is believed to include all
material factors considered by the McNaughton board of directors.
In view of the
variety of material factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the McNaughton board of directors did not find it practicable to, and
did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to, the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination.
In addition, individual members of the
McNaughton board of directors may have given different weight to different
factors.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    At the special meeting, the holders of McNaughton common stock will be asked
to vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and to transact any other
business that properly comes before the special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting.
The McNaughton board of directors has
unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable and fair to McNaughton stockholders, and that it is in the best
interests of McNaughton

stockholders that McNaughton completes the merger.
The McNaughton board of
directors unanimously recommends that McNaughton stockholders vote "FOR" the
adoption of the merger agreement.


OPINION OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

    On April 13, 2001, at a meeting of the McNaughton board of directors,
Merrill Lynch delivered an opinion that, as of that date and on the basis of and
subject to the matters reviewed with the McNaughton board of directors, the
merger consideration to be received by the holders of McNaughton common stock,
other than Jones and its affiliates, pursuant to the merger was fair from a
financial point of view to those stockholders.

    
THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS
PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
THE MERRILL LYNCH
OPINION EXPLAINS THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, THE MATTERS
CONSIDERED AND THE LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL
LYNCH.
HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THE
MERRILL LYNCH OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.
THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION
WAS FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADDRESSES
ONLY THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, TO THE HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON
COMMON STOCK, OTHER THAN JONES AND ITS AFFILIATES, OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION
TO BE RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE MERGER.
THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION DOES NOT
ADDRESS THE MERITS OF THE UNDERLYING DECISION BY MCNAUGHTON TO ENGAGE IN THE
MERGER AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF MCNAUGHTON
COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW ANY HOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR ANY OTHER MATTER
IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.
THE SUMMARY OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION SET FORTH IN
THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE
FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION.

    
In arriving at the Merrill Lynch opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

       - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
         relating to McNaughton and Jones that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating
         to the business, earnings, cash flows, assets, liabilities and
         prospects of McNaughton and Jones furnished to Merrill Lynch by
         McNaughton and Jones, as well as the amount and timing of the cost
         savings and related expenses and synergies expected to result from the
         merger (the "expected synergies"), furnished to Merrill Lynch by
         McNaughton,

       - conducted discussions with members of senior management and
         representatives of McNaughton and Jones concerning the matters
         described in the first and second bullet points above, as well as their
         respective businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to
         the merger and expected synergies,

       - reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for McNaughton
         common stock and Jones common stock and compared them with those of
         certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - reviewed the results of operations of McNaughton and Jones and compared
         them with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch
         deemed to be relevant,

       - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
         terms of certain other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
         representatives of McNaughton and Jones and their respective financial
         and legal advisors,

       - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger,

       - reviewed the merger agreement, and

       - reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
         account such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including
         Merrill Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary
         conditions.

    
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to it,
discussed with or reviewed by or for it, or publicly available, and Merrill
Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently verifying such
information or undertake an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities of McNaughton or Jones and was not furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal.
In addition, Merrill Lynch did not assume any
obligation to conduct, and it did not conduct, any physical inspection of the
properties or facilities of McNaughton or Jones.
With respect to the financial
forecast information and the expected synergies furnished to or discussed with
Merrill Lynch by McNaughton and Jones, Merrill Lynch assumed that they have been
reasonably prepared and reflected the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of McNaughton and Jones as to the expected future
financial performance of McNaughton, Jones, the combined entity and the expected
synergies.
Merrill Lynch also assumed that the merger would qualify as a
tax-free reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes.

    
Merrill Lynch's opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on, and on the
information made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of the opinion.

Merrill Lynch assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory
or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.

    
In connection with the preparation of the Merrill Lynch opinion, Merrill
Lynch was not authorized by McNaughton or its board of directors to solicit, nor
did Merrill Lynch solicit, third party indications of interest for the
acquisition of all or part of McNaughton.

    
Merrill Lynch has, in the past, provided financial advisory and financing
services to Jones and/or its affiliates and may continue to do so and has
received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of such services.
In addition,
in the ordinary course of Merrill Lynch's business, it may actively trade
McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock and other securities of
McNaughton, as well as other securities of Jones, for Merrill Lynch's own
account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in those securities.

    
The following is a summary of the material analyses presented by Merrill
Lynch to the McNaughton board of directors on April 13, 2001 in connection with
Merrill Lynch's opinion as of that date.

    PREMIUM ANALYSIS.  
Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical trading prices for
McNaughton common stock and compared them with the merger consideration of
$21.00 per share based on Jones' ten-day

average closing price prior to announcement of the execution of the merger
agreement.
This analysis indicated that the merger consideration represented
implied premiums as follows:

HISTORICAL TIME PERIOD                         IMPLIED PREMIUM
- ----------------------                         ---------------

April 12, 2001...............................        20.7%

One week average.............................        25.1%

One month average............................        32.8%

Three months average.........................        43.5%

Six months average...........................        51.5%

One year average.............................        61.7%

52-Week High.................................        17.9%

52-Week Low..................................       162.5%

    Additionally, Merrill Lynch reviewed the mean and median premiums paid in
127 selected change-of-control public target transactions since 1997 with
transaction values between $500 to $750 million ("change-of-control premium
transactions") and compared them to the implied premium associated with the
merger consideration of $21.00 per share.

                                                             
IMPLIED PREMIUM
                                                  --------------------------------------
                                                      CHANGE-OF-
                                                        CONTROL
                                                        PREMIUM
                                                     TRANSACTIONS
                                                  -------------------     MCNAUGHTON--
PRE-ANNOUNCEMENT TIME PERIOD                        MEAN      MEDIAN    $21.00 PER SHARE
- ----------------------------                      --------   --------   ----------------

One day prior...................................    27.9%      30.8%          20.7%
One week prior..................................    33.9%      38.2%          37.7%
Four weeks prior................................    37.8%      44.7%          35.5%

    SELECTED PUBLICLY TRADED COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS.  
Merrill Lynch
compared certain financial and operating ratios relating to McNaughton with the
corresponding financial and operating ratios for five publicly traded branded
apparel companies which Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant, consisting of
Jones, Liz Claiborne, Inc., Nautica Enterprises, Inc., Polo Ralph Lauren
Corporation and Tommy Hilfiger Corporation, and eight moderate branded apparel
companies, consisting of Haggar Corp., Kellwood Company, Oxford
Industries, Inc., Perry Ellis International, Inc., Phillips Van-Heusen
Corporation, Russell Corporation, Tropical Sportswear Int'l Corporation and VF
Corp.
The branded apparel and moderate apparel publicly traded companies are
herein referred to as the "selected comparable companies".
The selected
comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with
operations that, for purposes of this analysis, may be considered reasonably
similar to the operations of McNaughton.

    
For each of the selected comparable companies and McNaughton, Merrill Lynch
calculated multiples based on the following financial metrics:

       - market price per share of common stock to estimated year 2001 earnings
         per share ("EPS"), or "P/E Multiple", and

       - market capitalization to estimated calendar year 2000 earnings before
         interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA").

    
In examining the selected comparable companies and McNaughton, Merrill Lynch
calculated the market capitalization of each company as a multiple of its
calendar year 2000 EBITDA.
In this case, market capitalization is defined as the
market value of equity, including the net cost of "in-the-money"

options, as of April 12, 2001, plus net debt, preferred stock and minority
interest.
In addition, Merrill Lynch calculated the stock price per share of
each company as a multiple of its respective 2001 EPS both under new accounting
rules ("NAR") and under old accounting rules ("OAR").
NAR assumes that the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") will issue a Final Statement or
Statements, based upon its September 7, 1999 Exposure Draft, "Business
Combinations and Intangible Assets," as amended by its February 14, 2001 revised
Exposure Draft, "Business Combinations and Intangible Assets--Accounting for
Goodwill," and that those Final Statement(s), expected to go into effect later
in 2001, require that goodwill will no longer be amortized over a defined period
of time.
OAR is defined as the current accounting rules for goodwill
amortization based on Accounting Principles Board Opinions No. 16, "Business
Combinations," and No. 17, "Intangible Assets," both in effect since 1970,
whereby goodwill is amortized over its economic useful life, but not to exceed
40 years.

    
The analysis used calendarized consensus earnings per share estimates
reported by First Call Corporation for the selected comparable companies, and
company filings to calculate calendar year 2000 EBITDA.
Selected public equity
research reports and company public filings were used to estimate the effect of
FASB's Final Statement upon EPS for each firm.
All historical financial
information was adjusted to exclude one-time and non-recurring items.

    
In addition, Merrill Lynch compared McNaughton to the selected comparable
companies based on EPS estimates provided by the management of McNaughton and
actual EBITDA for the last twelve months ("LTM") ended February 3, 2001.

    
The following table sets forth information concerning the range of
multiples, means and medians of selected financial metrics for the selected
comparable companies and the multiples of the same financial metrics for
McNaughton at the merger consideration of $21.00 per share:

                                                                                              MCNAUGHTON--
                           BRANDED APPAREL       MODERATE APPAREL      SELECTED COMPARABLE       $21.00
METRIC                        COMPANIES              COMPANIES              COMPANIES          PER SHARE
- ------                   --------------------  
---------------------   --------------------   ------------

2001 NAR P/E             Range: 7.3x to 12.6x  
Range: 5.0x to 11.1x    Range: 5.0x to 12.6x       6.1x
Multiple...............  
Mean: 10.4x           
Mean:
7.4x              Mean: 8.6x
                         Median: 10.8x         Median: 6.4x            Median: 8.2x

2001 OAR P/E             Range:
8.3x to 12.9x  Range: 5.0x to 11.9x    Range: 5.0x to 12.9x       7.9x
Multiple...............  
Mean: 10.9x           Mean:
7.8x              Mean: 9.0x
                         Median: 11.0x         Median: 6.9x            Median: 8.3x

Market Capitalization    Range: 4.3x to 7.7x   Range: 3.8x to 7.2x     Range: 3.8x to 7.7x        7.0x*
as a Multiple of 2000    Mean: 6.1x            Mean: 5.5x              Mean: 5.7x
EBITDA.................  
Median: 6.5x          Median: 5.2x            Median: 5.2x

- ------------------------

*   BASED ON EBITDA FOR THE LTM ENDED FEBRUARY 3, 2001.

    
Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of McNaughton
common stock by applying a relevant range of multiples as follows: 2001 NAR P/E
multiples ranging from 5.0x to 9.0x, 2001 OAR P/E multiples ranging from 6.0x to
10.0x and 2000 EBITDA multiples of 5.5x to 6.5x, which were derived from the
foregoing analysis, to calendarized 2001 NAR EPS and 2001 OAR EPS estimates
provided by the management of McNaughton and actual EBITDA for the LTM ended
February 3, 2001, respectively.

    
The following table presents the ranges of implied equity values per share
of McNaughton common stock implied by this analysis as compared with the merger
consideration of $21.00 per share:

                                                           
IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                                                               PER SHARE OF
                                                             MCNAUGHTON COMMON
                                                                   STOCK
                                                          -----------------------
SELECTED COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS                      LOW            HIGH
- --------------------------------------                    --------       --------

        2001 NAR EPS....................................   $17.25         $31.25

        2001 OAR EPS....................................    16.00          26.50

        EBITDA for the LTM ended February 3, 2001.......    13.00          18.25

    SELECTED ACQUISITION TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS.  
Merrill Lynch analyzed
information relating to the following selected acquisition transactions in the
apparel industry since January 1, 1997 (the "selected acquisition
transactions"):

ACQUIROR                                                  ACQUIRED COMPANY
- --------                                                  ----------------

        Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton.....................  
Donna Karan International

        Great Universal Stores PLC......................  
Burberry (Spain) SA

        VF Corp.........................................  The North Face, Inc.

        The Warnaco Group, Inc..........................  Authentic Fitness Corporation

        H.I.G. Capital, LLC.............................  
Happy Kids, Inc.

        Axcel IndustriInvestor A/S......................  Kansas Workwear A/S

        Supreme International Corporation...............  
Perry Ellis International, Inc.

        Kasper A.S.L., Ltd..............................  
Anne Klein Company LLC

        Jones Apparel Group, Inc........................  
Nine West Group Inc.

        Vestar Capital Partners, Inc....................  St. John Knits, Inc.

        Kellwood Company................................  
Koret of California, Inc.

        Jones Apparel Group, Inc........................  
Sun Apparel, Inc.

        Tropical Sportswear Int'l Corporation...........  Farah Inc.

        Norton McNaughton, Inc..........................  Jeri-Jo Knitwear, Inc.

        VF Corp.........................................  Bestform Group, Inc.

        Vestar Capital Partners, Inc....................  
Sun Apparel, Inc.

        The Warnaco Group, Inc..........................  Designer Holdings Ltd.

    The following table sets forth multiples of transaction value for the
selected acquisition transactions to EBITDA of the acquired businesses for the
LTM periods preceding the acquisition announcements and corresponding multiples
for the mergers, which Merrill Lynch calculated based on McNaughton's EBITDA for
the LTM ended February 3, 2001.
For purposes of this analysis, transaction value
was calculated as the consideration offered for the common equity, including the
net cost of "in-the-money" options, plus liquidation value of preferred equity
and the value of debt and minority interest less cash and marketable securities.

                                
SELECTED ACQUISITION              MCNAUGHTON--
TRANSACTION VALUE TO:           TRANSACTIONS                    $21.00 PER SHARE
- ---------------------           ------------------------------  ----------------

LTM EBITDA....................  
Range: 5.0x to 9.5x*                 7.0x**
                                Mean: 7.0x*
                                Median: 7.3x*

       -------------------------------

       *   Excludes the acquisition of Farah Inc. by Tropical Sportswear Int'l
           Corporation.

       
**  Based on EBITDA for the LTM ended February 3, 2001.

    
Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of McNaughton
common stock by applying multiples ranging from 6.0x to 8.0x (which were derived
from the foregoing analysis) to McNaughton's EBITDA for the LTM ended
February 3, 2001.
Merrill Lynch then calculated the LTM sales and earnings
before interest and taxes ("EBIT") multiples implied by the aforementioned
equity values per share.

    
The following table presents the ranges of implied equity values per share
of McNaughton common stock and LTM sales and EBIT multiples implied by this
analysis as compared to the merger consideration of $21.00 per share:

                                                               IMPLIED
VALUES AT
                                                                   RANGE OF
                                                               MULTIPLES OF LTM
                                                                    EBITDA
                               SELECTED ACQUISITION           -------------------
                               TRANSACTIONS                     LOW        HIGH
                               -----------------------------  --------   --------

Implied Equity Value Per
  Share of McNaughton Common
  Stock......................  
N/A                             $15.50     $26.00

Implied LTM Sales Multiple...  
Range: 0.31x to 1.75x*           0.93x      1.24x
                               Mean: 0.84x*
                               Median: 0.72x*

Implied LTM EBIT Multiple....  
Range: 5.3x to 10.8x              7.2x       9.5x
                               Mean: 8.3x
                               Median: 8.3x

       -------------------------------

       *   Excludes the acquisition of Perry Ellis International, Inc. by
           Supreme International Corporation.

    
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ("DCF") ANALYSIS.  
Merrill Lynch performed DCF analyses
based on two cases of financial projections developed by the management of
McNaughton, herein referred to as the "growth case" and the "moderate growth
case".
Merrill Lynch calculated a net present value for McNaughton's unlevered
free cash flows for the projected calendar years ending December 31, 2001
through December 31, 2005 using discount rates from 12.0% to 13.0%.
Merrill
Lynch calculated terminal values in December 31, 2005 based on EBITDA multiples
ranging from 4.5x to 6.5x.
These terminal values were discounted to the present
using discount rates from 12.0% to 13.0%.
The various

ranges for discount rates were chosen to reflect theoretical analyses of the
weighted average cost of capital.
The resulting implied per share values for
McNaughton based on the growth case and the moderate growth case ranged from
$23.50 to $37.00 and $16.25 to $26.75, respectively.

    HISTORICAL IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO.  
Merrill Lynch analyzed the historical
implied exchange ratio between McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock
between April 12, 2000 and April 12, 2001.
The historical implied exchange ratio
was calculated by dividing the average price of McNaughton common stock by the
average price of Jones common stock for the indicated historical time periods.

For comparative purposes, Merrill Lynch has adjusted the stock portion of the
exchange ratio of 0.2820 to include the exchange ratio implied from the cash
portion of the merger consideration, which implies an adjusted exchange ratio of
0.5641.


HISTORICAL TIME PERIOD                                   HISTORICAL EXCHANGE RATIO
- ----------------------                                   -------------------------

Close as of April 12, 2001.............................            0.4840
52 Week Low............................................            0.2591
52 Week High...........................................            0.6883
Average over past year.................................            0.4391
Average over past six months...........................            0.4063
Average over past three months.........................            0.3857
Average over past two months...........................            0.4065
Average over past one month............................            0.4227
Average over past two weeks............................            0.4361
McNaughton--$21.00 share...............................            0.5641

    RELATIVE VALUATION ANALYSIS.  
Merrill Lynch calculated the implied exchange
ratio by comparing the theoretical values of McNaughton common stock and Jones
common stock:

    - determined by applying the NAR P/E multiples of the selected comparable
      companies to the NAR EPS of McNaughton and dividing the resulting implied
      per share values by Jones' ten-day average closing price prior to the
      announcement of the execution of the merger agreement ("Public
      Comparables--NAR P/E Methodology"),

    - determined by applying the OAR P/E multiples of the selected comparable
      companies to the OAR EPS of McNaughton and dividing the resulting implied
      per share values by Jones' ten-day average closing price prior to the
      announcement of the execution of the merger agreement ("Public
      Comparables--OAR P/E Methodology"),

    - determined by applying the EBITDA multiples of the selected comparable
      companies to the EBITDA of McNaughton and dividing the resulting implied
      per share values by Jones' ten-day average closing price prior to the
      announcement of the execution of the merger agreement ("Public
      Comparables--EBITDA Methodology"),

    - determined from the McNaughton DCF analyses and a DCF analysis of Jones
      based on Wall Street forecasts ("DCF Analysis--Growth Case and Moderate
      Case"), and

    - determined by dividing the Wall Street research price targets for
      McNaughton by the Wall Street research price targets for Jones ("Research
      Price Targets").

    
For comparative purposes, Merrill Lynch has adjusted the stock portion
exchange ratio of 0.2820 to include the exchange ratio implied from the cash
portion of the merger consideration, which implies an adjusted exchange ratio of
0.5641.


METRIC                                                    IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
- ------                                                    ----------------------

Public Comparables--NAR P/E Methodology
High....................................................          
0.8394
Middle..................................................          0.6514
Low.....................................................          0.4633

Public Comparables--OAR P/E Methodology
High....................................................          0.7118
Middle..................................................          0.5708
Low.....................................................          0.4298

Public Comparables--EBITDA Methodology
High....................................................          0.4902
Middle..................................................          0.4163
Low.....................................................          0.3492

DCF Analysis--Growth Case
High....................................................          
0.8706
Middle..................................................          0.6576
Low.....................................................          0.4747

DCF Analysis--Moderate Growth Case
High....................................................          
0.6294
Middle..................................................          0.4674
Low.....................................................          0.3283

Research Price Targets
High....................................................          
0.6786
Middle..................................................          0.4667
Low.....................................................          0.3774

McNaughton--$21.00 share................................          0.5641

    PRO FORMA ACQUISITION ANALYSIS.  
Merrill Lynch prepared pro forma analyses
for the financial impact of the merger.
Using the growth case and the moderate
growth case, Merrill Lynch compared the NAR and OAR EPS estimates of Jones, on a
standalone basis, to the NAR and OAR EPS estimates of the combined company on a
pro forma basis.
Based on such analyses, Merrill Lynch determined that, the
proposed transaction would be accretive to Jones stockholders on an NAR and OAR
EPS basis, respectively, under both the growth case and moderate growth case,
before synergies, in each of the calendar years 2001, 2002 and 2003.

    
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances,
and, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.
Selecting portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth
above, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete
view of the processes underlying the Merrill Lynch opinion.
In arriving at its
fairness determination, Merrill Lynch considered the results of all such
analyses and did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis
considered by it; Merrill Lynch made its determination as to fairness on the
basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results
of all such analyses.
No company or transaction used in the above analyses as a
comparison is directly comparable to McNaughton or Jones or the merger.
The
analyses were prepared solely for the purposes of Merrill Lynch providing its
opinion to the

McNaughton board of directors and do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold.

Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative
of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses.
Because such analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of
the parties or their respective advisors, none of McNaughton, Merrill Lynch or
any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those forecast.
As described above, the Merrill Lynch opinion was
among many factors taken into consideration by the McNaughton board of directors
in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

    
Merrill Lynch acted as financial advisor to McNaughton in connection with
the merger.
Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated March 13, 2001, among
McNaughton and Merrill Lynch, upon completion of the merger, Merrill Lynch will
receive a fee from McNaughton for its services that is based on a formula which
takes into account the total value of the merger consideration and the amount of
debt of McNaughton outstanding on the date of closing of the transaction.
If the
merger was completed on May [ - ], 2001, this fee would have been approximately
$[ - ].
In addition, McNaughton has agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with rendering
financial advisory services, including fees and disbursements of its legal
counsel.
McNaughton has agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and its directors,
officers, agents, employees and controlling persons for certain losses, claims,
damages and liabilities related to or arising out of its rendering of services
under its engagement as financial advisor, including liabilities under federal
and state laws.

    
McNaughton retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's experience and
expertise.
Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Merrill Lynch, as part of its investment banking business, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

    
In considering the recommendation of the McNaughton board of directors that
McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, McNaughton
stockholders should be aware that several directors and senior officers of
McNaughton have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, the interests of McNaughton stockholders generally.
The McNaughton board of
directors was aware of and considered these interests when it considered and
approved the merger agreement.

    
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH PETER BONEPARTH.  
In contemplation of the merger,
Jones and Peter Boneparth entered into an employment agreement, dated April 13,
2001, that becomes effective only upon the completion of the merger.
The
employment agreement has an initial term of three years following the merger and
will be automatically extended for additional terms of one year unless either
party advises the other, on or prior to the date two years prior to expiration,
that it does not wish to extend.

    
Pursuant to the employment agreement, after the merger Jones will employ
Mr. Boneparth as the Chief Executive Officer and President of McNaughton Apparel
Group Inc. and its businesses, and as Chief Executive Officer and President of
the McNaughton division of Jones.
Mr. Boneparth will report directly to the
President of Jones.
In addition, pursuant to the employment agreement and the
merger agreement, the Jones board of directors will elect Mr. Boneparth to the
boards of directors of Jones, McNaughton and each of McNaughton's subsidiaries
as of the completion of the merger.
For three years after the merger, at each
meeting of Jones stockholders at which directors are to be elected, the

Jones board of directors will nominate Mr. Boneparth for election, and recommend
that Jones stockholders vote in favor of his election, to the Jones board of
directors.

    
Mr. Boneparth will receive an annual salary of not less than $1 million and
an annual bonus under Jones' Executive Annual Incentive Plan of not less than
$1 million.
The employment agreement provides for a grant on the date of the
completion of the merger of options to purchase 300,000 shares of Jones common
stock.
These options will vest in three equal annual installments and have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying shares as of the
date of grant.
The employment agreement also contemplates that Mr. Boneparth
will receive additional options, with a Black-Scholes value of 125% to 175% of
Mr. Boneparth's salary on an annual basis.
These additional options will vest
ratably on the first three anniversaries of the date of grant and will have
exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the underlying shares on the
date of grant.

    
During the term of the employment agreement, Mr. Boneparth will be eligible
to participate in all savings and retirement plans and welfare, fringe and other
benefit plans Jones provides to its other senior executive officers and will be
provided with life and disability insurance coverage.

    
The employment agreement provides that for a period of six months after the
merger, Mr. Boneparth will not sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of Jones
common stock underlying the options to acquire Jones common stock that
Mr. Boneparth receives pursuant to the merger.
After the six month anniversary
of the completion of the merger, Mr. Boneparth may sell or otherwise dispose of
25% of the shares of Jones common stock underlying the options he receives
pursuant to the merger.
Additionally, on each of the first three anniversaries
of the completion of the merger, Mr. Boneparth may sell or otherwise dispose of
an additional 25% of the shares of Jones common stock underlying the options he
receives pursuant to the merger.

    
In the event of a termination of Mr. Boneparth's employment without "cause"
or his resignation for "good reason," as such terms are defined in his
employment agreement, Mr. Boneparth will be entitled to receive:

    - any unpaid salary through the date of termination and any bonus earned in
      the prior year but not yet paid,

    - his target bonus for the calendar year in which termination occurs,
      prorated for the portion of the year preceding termination,

    - a monthly cash payment during the employment term equal to the sum of his
      monthly salary in effect prior to the termination and one-twelfth of his
      target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs,

    - continuation of his participation during the employment term in all
      benefit plans in which he was participating immediately preceding his
      termination, and

    - reimbursement for up to $10,000 of executive outplacement services.


Also, upon termination of employment by Jones without cause or by Mr. Boneparth
for good reason, Mr. Boneparth's stock options which are not then vested will
become fully vested and immediately exercisable during the remaining term of
those options.

    
If Mr. Boneparth's employment is terminated by Jones without cause or by
Mr. Boneparth for good reason following a change in control of Jones (as defined
in Jones' 1999 Stock Incentive Plan) and prior to the expiration of the
employment term, Jones will pay Mr. Boneparth:

    - any unpaid salary through the date of termination and any bonus earned in
      the prior year but not yet paid,

    - his target bonus for the calendar year in which termination occurs,
      prorated for the portion of that year preceding termination,

    - a lump sum equal to 600% of his annual salary in effect immediately prior
      to the termination, and

    - a lump sum equal to Jones' cost for health insurance, life insurance and
      retirement benefits for any remaining portion of the employment term.

    
In addition, the employment agreement provides that if any "golden
parachute" excise tax may be imposed on Mr. Boneparth under the Internal Revenue
Code as a result of any payment or benefit he receives under his employment
agreement or otherwise, such payment or benefit will be reduced if and to the
extent that a reduction would result in Mr. Boneparth retaining a larger amount,
on an after-tax basis, than if Mr. Boneparth received the entire amount of such
payments or benefits.

    
The employment agreement also contains customary restrictive covenants
pertaining to confidentiality, nonsolicitation and noncompetition.

    
STOCK OPTIONS.  
Upon the completion of the merger, each option to acquire
McNaughton common stock held by directors and officers of McNaughton will become
fully vested and immediately exercisable, as is the case with all stock options
of McNaughton.
For a description of the treatment in the merger of options to
acquire shares of McNaughton common stock held by directors and senior officers
of McNaughton, see "--Treatment of McNaughton Stock Options" below.

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH AMANDA J. BOKMAN.  
In contemplation of the merger,
Norton McNaughton of Squire, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of McNaughton,
amended its employment agreement with Amanda J. Bokman, Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of McNaughton.
The amendment provides for the payment to
Ms. Bokman of:

    - $400,000 upon the completion of the merger in lieu of the bonus otherwise
      payable to Ms. Bokman for McNaughton's fiscal year 2001 pursuant to
      McNaughton's Incentive Bonus Plan for Senior Officers, and

    - $300,000 on the earlier to occur of:

       - any termination by McNaughton (other than for cause) of Ms. Bokman's
         employment with McNaughton following the completion of the merger, and

       - the first anniversary of the completion of the merger if Ms. Bokman is
         still employed by McNaughton at that time.

    
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.  
The merger agreement provides that all
rights of indemnification for acts and omissions occurring before the completion
of the merger existing in favor of the current and former directors, officers,
employees or agents of McNaughton and its subsidiaries as provided in their
respective certificates of incorporation and by-laws, and any existing
indemnification agreements between McNaughton and any current or former
director, officer, employee or agent, will be assumed by the surviving
corporation in the merger and that Jones will cause these provisions to continue
in full force and effect in accordance with their terms.
The merger agreement
also provides that for six years after the completion of the merger, Jones will
maintain the current directors' and officers' liability insurance policy
maintained by McNaughton for acts or omissions occurring prior to completing the
merger covering those persons who were, as of the date of the merger agreement,
covered by that policy, on terms no less favorable in any material respect than
those in effect on the date of the merger agreement, although Jones is not
obligated to pay aggregate premiums in excess of 225% of the amount McNaughton
paid in its 2001 fiscal year, which was $151,750.

    
NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS FEES.  
Upon completion of the merger, and in
recognition of their services to McNaughton, including in connection with the
proposed merger, each non-employee director of McNaughton will receive $60,000.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    Jones intends to treat the merger as a purchase for accounting and financial
reporting purposes, which means that McNaughton will be treated as a separate
entity for periods prior to the completion of the merger and, thereafter, as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Jones.


FORM OF THE MERGER

    Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in
accordance with Delaware law, upon completion of the merger, McNaughton will be
merged with and into MCN Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of
Jones formed for purposes of the merger and a party to the merger agreement, or,
upon the election of Jones, another wholly owned subsidiary of Jones.
The
acquisition subsidiary will survive the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Jones and will continue its corporate existence under Delaware law under the
name "McNaughton Apparel Group Inc."

MERGER CONSIDERATION

    Upon completion of the merger, each share of McNaughton common stock, except
for treasury stock and stock held by Jones, the acquisition subsidiary and
stockholders who perfect their appraisal rights, will be converted into the
right to receive $10.50 in cash and a fraction of a share of Jones common stock
based on the exchange ratio.
The exchange ratio will be based on the average of
the closing sale prices of Jones common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for
the five consecutive trading days ending with the second trading day prior to,
and excluding, the closing date.
The exchange ratio will be:

    - 0.2820, if the five-day average price of Jones common stock as calculated
      above is greater than or equal to $29.78 and less than or equal to $44.68,

    - equal to $12.60 divided by the five-day average price of Jones common
      stock, if the five-day average price of Jones common stock is greater than
      $44.68, and

    - equal to $8.40 divided by the five-day average price of Jones common
      stock, if the five-day average price of Jones common stock is less than
      $29.78.

    
If the closing price of Jones common stock on May [ - ], 2001, which was
$[ - ], was the five-day average price referred to above, after completion of
the merger you would be entitled to receive $10.50 in cash and 0.2820 shares of
Jones common stock which together would have a total consideration value of
$[ - ].
You will be entitled to receive cash for any fractional share of Jones
common stock that you would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to the
merger.

    
The market value of the Jones common stock on the date on which the merger
is completed may be different than the five-day average price of Jones common
stock used in determining the exchange ratio.
As a result, the market value of
the Jones common stock you receive pursuant to the merger may be more or less
than the value attributed to Jones common stock in calculating the exchange
ratio.


CONVERSION OF SHARES; PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

    The conversion of each share of McNaughton common stock (other than those
held by stockholders who perfect their appraisal rights) into the right to
receive a fraction of a share of Jones common stock and $10.50 in cash will
occur automatically upon completion of the merger.
As soon as reasonably
practicable after the completion of the merger, the exchange agent will send a
letter of

transmittal to each former McNaughton stockholder.
The letter of transmittal
will contain instructions with respect to obtaining the merger consideration in
exchange for shares of McNaughton common stock.

 
MCNAUGHTON STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED
                                  PROXY CARD.

    
After the merger, each certificate that previously represented shares of
McNaughton common stock will represent only the right to receive the merger
consideration (or, in the case of shares subject to appraisal rights, the right
to receive the amount in cash determined under Delaware law), including cash for
any fractional shares of Jones common stock.

    
Holders of certificates previously representing McNaughton common stock will
not be paid dividends or distributions on the Jones common stock which they are
entitled to receive pursuant to the merger with a record date after the merger,
and will not be paid cash for any fractional shares of Jones common stock, until
their certificates are surrendered to the exchange agent for exchange.
When
their certificates are surrendered, any unpaid dividends and any cash instead of
fractional shares will be paid without interest.

    
In the event of a transfer of ownership of McNaughton common stock that is
not registered in the transfer records of McNaughton, the cash portion of the
merger consideration, including any cash payable instead of fractional shares,
may be paid, and a certificate representing the proper number of shares of Jones
common stock may be issued, to a person other than the person in whose name the
surrendered certificate is registered if:

    - the surrendered certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper
      form for transfer, and

    - the person requesting such payment and issuance pays any transfer or other
      taxes required by reason of the payment of cash and the issuance of shares
      of Jones common stock to a person other than the registered holder of the
      surrendered certificate or establishes to the satisfaction of Jones that
      such taxes have been paid or are not applicable.

    
The merger consideration paid and issued upon surrender for exchange of
shares of McNaughton common stock, including any cash paid instead of any
fractional shares or upon exercise of appraisal rights, will be deemed to have
been paid and issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to those
shares of McNaughton common stock.

    
No fractional shares of Jones common stock will be issued to any McNaughton
stockholder upon surrender of certificates previously representing McNaughton
common stock.
Each McNaughton stockholder who would otherwise have been entitled
to receive a fraction of a share of Jones common stock will be entitled to
receive an amount in cash without interest equal to the product obtained by
multiplying the fractional share interest to which the holder would otherwise be
entitled multiplied by the average of the closing prices of Jones common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the closing date.


EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

    
The merger will become effective upon the filing of the certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or such later time
agreed upon by Jones and McNaughton and specified in the certificate of merger.

The filing of the certificate of merger will occur as soon as practicable
following the closing of the merger.


STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF JONES COMMON STOCK

    It is a condition to the completion of the merger that Jones common stock
issuable to McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger and issuable upon
exercise of options to purchase

Jones common stock into which options to purchase McNaughton common stock are
converted in the merger be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange,
subject to official notice of issuance.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK

    If the merger is completed, McNaughton common stock will be delisted from
The Nasdaq Stock Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

    
The following general discussion summarizes material United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger to holders of McNaughton common stock who
hold their McNaughton common stock as a capital asset.
It does not address all
of the United States federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to
particular stockholders in light of their individual circumstances or to
stockholders who are subject to special rules, such as financial institutions,
tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities or foreign
currencies, foreign holders, persons who hold such shares as a hedge against
currency risk, or as part of a constructive sale or conversion transaction, or
holders who acquired their shares upon the exercise of employee stock options or
otherwise as compensation.
The following summary is not binding on the Internal
Revenue Service.
It is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, laws, regulations,
rulings and decisions in effect as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect.
Tax consequences under state, local and foreign laws are not
addressed.

    
No ruling has been or will be sought from the Internal Revenue Service as to
the United States federal income tax consequences of the merger.
As a result,
there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not disagree
with or challenge any of the conclusions described below.

    
HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK ARE STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX
ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING
THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND
OTHER TAX LAWS IN THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

    
For purposes of this discussion, "U.S. Holder" means:

    - a citizen or resident of the United States,

    - a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or
      organized under the laws of the United States or any of its political
      subdivisions,

    - a trust if a United States court is able to exercise primary supervision
      over the administration of the trust and one or more United States
      fiduciaries have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the
      trust, or

    - an estate that is subject to United States federal income tax on its
      income regardless of its source.

    
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER.  
Each of
Cravath, Swaine & Moore, outside counsel to Jones, and Torys, outside counsel to
McNaughton, has delivered its opinion to Jones and McNaughton, respectively, to
the effect that:

    - the merger will be treated for United States federal income tax purposes
      as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
      Revenue Code, and

    - Jones, the acquisition subsidiary and McNaughton will each be a party to
      that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal
      Revenue Code.

    
These opinions are subject to qualifications and based on currently
applicable law and/or customary representations made by McNaughton and Jones.
An
opinion of counsel represents counsel's

best legal judgment and is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any
court.
The Cravath, Swaine & Moore and Torys tax opinions are attached as
Exhibits 8.1 and 8.2, respectively, to the registration statement on Form S-4 of
which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part.

    
The completion of the merger is conditioned upon, among other things, the
receipt by Jones and McNaughton of tax opinions of Cravath, Swaine & Moore and
Torys, respectively, each dated as of the closing date, to the same effect, and
subject to the same qualifications, as those that have been delivered to Jones
and McNaughton and described above.
Under certain circumstances, the Jones
common stock portion of the merger consideration may be increased and the cash
portion of the merger consideration may be decreased in order to enable such
legal opinions to be delivered and the merger to qualify as a reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes.

    
In the opinion of Torys, the following discussion, to the extent it
constitutes statements of law or legal conclusions, and subject to the
limitations contained herein and the limitations described in the opinion of
Torys, summarizes the material United States federal income tax consequences of
the merger to U.S. Holders of McNaughton common stock.

    
EXCHANGE OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK FOR A COMBINATION OF JONES COMMON STOCK
AND CASH.
Except as discussed below under "--Cash Instead of Fractional Shares",
upon the exchange of his or her McNaughton common stock for a combination of
Jones common stock and cash pursuant to the merger, a U.S. Holder of McNaughton
common stock generally will recognize capital gain, but will not recognize any
loss, in an amount equal to the lesser of:

    - the amount of gain realized by the U.S. Holder (I.E., the excess of
      (1) the sum of the amount of cash plus the fair market value of the Jones
      common stock received by the U.S. Holder over (2) the U.S. Holder's tax
      basis in his or her McNaughton common stock), and

    - the amount of cash received by the U.S. Holder.

    
The adjusted tax basis of the shares of Jones common stock, including any
fractional interest, received by a U.S. Holder of McNaughton common stock will
be equal to the adjusted tax basis of the shares of McNaughton common stock
exchanged, decreased by the amount of cash received in exchange for such shares
and increased by the amount of any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder.
A U.S.
Holder's holding period with respect to the shares of Jones common stock
received pursuant to the merger will include the holding period of the
McNaughton common stock exchanged, provided that such shares of McNaughton
common stock are held as capital assets on the date of the merger.

    CASH INSTEAD OF FRACTIONAL SHARES.  
A U.S. Holder of McNaughton common stock
who receives cash instead of fractional shares of Jones common stock will be
treated as having received the fractional shares pursuant to the merger and then
having exchanged the fractional shares for cash in a redemption by Jones.
Any
gain or loss attributable to fractional shares generally will be capital gain or
loss.
The amount of the gain or loss will be equal to the difference between the
amount of cash received and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the fractional share
interest.

    
DISSENTING SHARES.  
A U.S. Holder of McNaughton common stock who receives
cash in respect of a share of McNaughton common stock pursuant to an appraisal
of such shares under Delaware law will recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference between the amount of cash received and his or her tax basis in the
shares.
Any gain or loss attributable to such shares generally will be capital
gain or loss.

    
CAPITAL GAIN OR LOSS.  
Any capital gain recognized by an individual U.S.
Holder of McNaughton common stock in connection with the transfer of his or her
McNaughton common stock pursuant to the merger will be subject to a maximum
United States federal income tax rate of 20% if the individual has held his or
her McNaughton common stock for more than 12 months at the effective time of the
merger.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations for both
individuals and corporations.

    
BACKUP WITHHOLDING.  
Certain noncorporate holders of McNaughton common stock
may be subject to backup withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in
exchange for McNaughton common stock instead of fractional shares of Jones
common stock or in respect of McNaughton common stock pursuant to Delaware's
appraisal statute.
Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a stockholder
who (1) furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that he
or she is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form W-9 or
successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered to
McNaughton stockholders following completion of the merger, (2) provides a
certification of foreign status on Form W-8BEN or successor form or (3) is
otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

    
CONSEQUENCES TO JONES, THE ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY AND MCNAUGHTON.  
In the
opinions of Torys and Cravath, Swaine & Moore, the following discussion, to the
extent it constitutes a statement of law or a legal conclusion and subject to
the limitations contained herein and the limitations described in the opinions
of Torys and Cravath, Swaine & Moore, summarizes the material United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger to Jones, the acquisition
subsidiary and McNaughton.
No gain or loss will be recognized by Jones, the
acquisition subsidiary or McNaughton as a result of the merger.


REGULATORY MATTERS

    Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976 and related rules, certain
transactions, including the merger, may not be completed unless certain waiting
period requirements have been satisfied.
On May [ - ], 2001, Jones and
McNaughton each filed a Notification and Report Form with the Antitrust Division
and the Federal Trade Commission and requested an early termination of the
required waiting period.
If early termination is not granted and a request for
additional information by the relevant antitrust authorities is not made, the
waiting period will expire at midnight on June [ - ], 2001.
At any time before
or after the completion of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the Federal Trade
Commission or others could take action under the antitrust laws with respect to
the merger, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger, to rescind
the merger or to conditionally approve the merger upon the divestiture of
substantial assets of Jones or McNaughton.
A challenge to the merger on
antitrust grounds could be made and, if such a challenge is made, it could be
successful.

    
It is possible that any of the governmental entities with which filings are
made may seek various regulatory concessions.
There can be no assurance that:

    - Jones or McNaughton will be able to satisfy or comply with such
      conditions, or

    - compliance or non compliance will not have adverse consequences for Jones
      after completion of the merger.

    
See "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" on
page 43.


EMPLOYEE BENEFITS MATTERS

    As of the closing date, the surviving corporation in the merger will assume
and perform in accordance with its terms, including any reserved right to amend
or terminate, each McNaughton employee benefit plan, including any
indemnification agreements existing on the date of the merger agreement.
Jones
has agreed that for a period of 12 months beginning on the closing date, Jones
will, or will cause the surviving corporation to, maintain for the benefit of
employees of McNaughton immediately before the merger the McNaughton employee
benefit plans as in effect immediately before the merger (other than with
respect to changes required by applicable law and other than McNaughton stock
plans and other equity or equity based plans) or provide benefits (other than
McNaughton stock plans and other equity or equity-based plans) that are no less
favorable, in the aggregate, than the benefits provided to those employees
immediately before the merger.
For a period of at least 24 months after the
initial 12 month period, Jones will, or will cause the surviving corporation, to
provide those employees with benefits that are substantially similar in the
aggregate to the benefits provided to similarly situated employees of Jones
(other than McNaughton stock plans or other equity or equity-based plans).

    
Under the merger agreement, Jones also agreed that it or the surviving
corporation in the merger will:

    - waive all limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting
      periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable
      to employees of McNaughton immediately before the merger under any welfare
      plan that these employees may be eligible to participate in after the
      merger to the extent waived or satisfied under the applicable
      corresponding McNaughton employee benefit plan immediately prior to the
      merger,

    - provide those employees with credit for any co-payments and deductibles
      paid for the year in which the merger is completed in satisfying any
      applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any welfare
      plans that those employees are eligible to participate in after the
      merger, and

    - provide employees of McNaughton immediately before the merger with credit
      for all purposes for all service with McNaughton and its affiliates under
      each employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of Jones or its
      affiliates in which these employees are eligible to participate to the
      extent the service was credited for similar purposes under similar
      McNaughton employee benefit plans, except that no employee will be
      entitled to any credit under any defined benefit pension plan of Jones or
      its subsidiaries or to the extent that the credit would result in a
      duplication of benefits with respect to the same period of service.

    
McNaughton agreed that it will cause its employee stock purchase plan (and
any then outstanding offering period thereunder) to terminate at the closing of
the merger in accordance with the terms of that plan as in effect on the date of
the merger agreement and will promptly refund to each participant in the plan
the entire amount credited to his or her stock purchase account as of the
closing date.


TREATMENT OF MCNAUGHTON STOCK OPTIONS

    
The merger agreement contemplates that, in the merger, holders of options to
acquire McNaughton common stock will be treated effectively in the same manner
as holders of McNaughton common stock.
Thus, a portion of the options to acquire
McNaughton common stock, determined on a share-by-share basis, that are
"in-the-money" will be converted into cash, and the remainder of the options,
including all "underwater options", will be converted into options to acquire
Jones common stock.

    
Each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase a share of McNaughton
common stock granted to current and former employees and non-employee directors
of McNaughton outstanding immediately prior to the merger which has an exercise
price per share that is equal to or less than the sum of $10.50 and the product
of the exchange ratio and the five-day average price of Jones common stock will
be amended and converted into:

    - an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions, a number of shares
      of Jones common stock equal to the exchange ratio, at an exercise price
      per share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing

       - the product of:

           - 1.0 minus a fraction, the numerator of which is $10.50 and the
             denominator of which is the sum of $10.50 and the product of the
             exchange ratio and the five-day average price of Jones common
             stock, and

           - the per share exercise price for the share of McNaughton common
             stock subject to the option, by

       - the exchange ratio, and

    - the right to receive from Jones a cash payment net of all applicable
      withholding taxes in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of $10.50 over
      the product of

       - a fraction, the numerator of which is $10.50 and the denominator of
         which is the sum of $10.50 and the product of the exchange ratio and
         the five-day average price of Jones common stock, and

       - the per share exercise price for the share of McNaughton common stock
         subject to the option.

    
Each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase a share of McNaughton
common stock granted to current and former employees and non-employee directors
of McNaughton outstanding immediately prior to the merger which has an exercise
price per share of McNaughton common stock that is greater than the sum of
$10.50 and the product of the exchange ratio and the five-day average price of
Jones common stock will be amended and converted into:

    - an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions, a number of shares
      of Jones common stock equal to the quotient (the "underwater option
      exchange ratio") obtained by dividing

       - the sum of $10.50 and the product of the exchange ratio and the
         five-day average price of Jones common stock, by

       - the five day average price of Jones common stock

    - at an exercise price per share of Jones common stock equal to the quotient
      obtained by dividing

       - the per share exercise price for a the share of McNaughton common stock
         subject to the option, by

       - the underwater option exchange ratio.

    
All options to acquire Jones common stock that result from the conversion of
an option to acquire more than one share of McNaughton common stock held by a
single optionholder will be aggregated and treated as a single option to acquire
the aggregate number of shares of Jones common stock (rounded to the nearest
whole share) subject to all such options.

    
Upon completion of the merger, Jones will assume McNaughton's stock plans,
with the result that all obligations of McNaughton under its stock plans,
including with respect to options outstanding under the plans, will become
obligations of Jones.
In addition, upon completion of the merger, each option
will become fully vested and immediately exercisable.

    
Except as described above, all restrictions or limitations on transfer with
respect to options awarded under McNaughton's stock plans or any other plan,
program or arrangement of McNaughton or any of its subsidiaries, to the extent
that such restrictions or limitations have not already lapsed, and all other
terms of such plans, programs and arrangements, will remain in effect.


RESALE OF JONES COMMON STOCK

    Jones common stock issued pursuant to the merger will not be subject to any
restrictions on transfer arising under the Securities Act of 1933, except for
shares issued to any McNaughton stockholder who may be deemed to be an
"affiliate" of Jones or McNaughton for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities
Act.
It is expected that each such affiliate will agree not to transfer any
shares of Jones common stock received pursuant to the merger except in
compliance with the resale provisions of Rule 144 or 145 under the Securities
Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
The merger agreement
requires McNaughton to use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause its
affiliates to enter into these agreements, and the execution of these agreements
is a condition to the obligation of Jones to complete the merger.
This proxy
statement/prospectus does not cover resales of

Jones common stock received by any person upon completion of the merger, and no
person is authorized to make any use of this proxy statement/prospectus in
connection with any resale.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    When the merger is completed, McNaughton stockholders who do not vote in
favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and who comply with the procedures
prescribed in Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware will be entitled to a judicial appraisal of the fair value of their
shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger, and to receive payment of the fair value of their
shares in cash, together with a judicially determined fair rate of interest.
The
following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures that must be followed
by a McNaughton stockholder in order to perfect appraisal rights under Delaware
law.

    
THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS NOT A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE DELAWARE LAW
PERTAINING TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY THE FULL TEXT
OF SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WHICH IS
ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C. BECAUSE OF THE
COMPLEXITY OF SECTION 262 AND THE NEED TO STRICTLY COMPLY WITH VARIOUS TECHNICAL
REQUIREMENTS, YOU SHOULD READ ANNEX C IN ITS ENTIRETY.
A PERSON HAVING A
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SHARES OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK HELD OF RECORD IN THE
NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A BROKER OR NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE
THE RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW THE STEPS SUMMARIZED BELOW PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY
MANNER TO PERFECT APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

    
Under Section 262, where a merger is to be submitted for approval at a
meeting of stockholders, as in the case of the adoption of the merger agreement
by McNaughton stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the
meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that
such appraisal rights are available and include in such notice a copy of
Section 262.
THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SHALL CONSTITUTE SUCH NOTICE, AND
THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY PROVISIONS ARE ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C.

    A holder of shares of McNaughton common stock wishing to exercise such
holder's appraisal rights:

    - must deliver to McNaughton, before the vote on the adoption of the merger
      agreement at the special meeting, a written demand for the appraisal of
      his or her shares, and

    - must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    
In order not to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, a
stockholder must either:

    - not return a proxy card and not vote in person in favor of the adoption of
      the merger agreement,

    - return a proxy card with the "Against" or "Abstain" box checked,

    - vote in person against the adoption of the merger agreement, or

    - register in person an abstention from the proposal to adopt the merger
      agreement.

    
ALL WRITTEN DEMANDS FOR APPRAISAL PURSUANT TO SECTION 262 SHOULD BE SENT OR
DELIVERED TO MCNAUGHTON AT 463 SEVENTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10018, ATTENTION:
SECRETARY.

    
A holder of shares of McNaughton common stock wishing to exercise such
holder's appraisal rights must hold of record such shares on the date the
written demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold such shares of
record through the effective time of the merger.
A vote against the adoption of
the merger agreement will not in and of itself constitute a written demand for
appraisal satisfying the requirements of Section 262.
The demand must reasonably
inform McNaughton of the

identity of the holder as well as the intention of the holder to demand an
appraisal of the "fair value" of the shares held by such holder.
A stockholder's
failure to make the written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the
adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting of McNaughton
stockholders will constitute a waiver of appraisal rights.

    
Only a holder of record of shares of McNaughton common stock is entitled to
assert appraisal rights for the shares of McNaughton common stock registered in
that holder's name.
A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of McNaughton
common stock should be executed by or on behalf of the holder of record, fully
and correctly, as such holder's name appears on such holder's stock
certificates, and must state that such person intends thereby to demand
appraisal of such holder's shares of McNaughton common stock in connection with
the merger.
If the shares of McNaughton common stock are owned of record in a
fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of
the demand should be made in that capacity, and if the shares of McNaughton
common stock are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy
and tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all
joint owners.
An authorized agent, including two or more joint owners, may
execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a holder of record; however, the
agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact
that in executing the demand, the agent is agent for such owner or owners.
A
record holder such as a broker who holds shares of McNaughton common stock as
nominee for several beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights with respect
to the shares of McNaughton common stock held for one or more beneficial owners
while not exercising such rights with respect to the shares of McNaughton common
stock held for other beneficial owners.
In such case, however, the written
demand should set forth the number of shares of McNaughton common stock as to
which appraisal is sought, and where no number of shares of McNaughton common
stock is expressly mentioned the demand will be presumed to cover all shares of
McNaughton common stock held in the name of the record owner.
Stockholders who
hold their shares of McNaughton common stock in brokerage accounts or other
nominee forms and who wish to exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult
with their brokers to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a
demand for appraisal by such a nominee.

    
Within ten days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation must notify each holder of McNaughton common stock who has complied
with Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement of the date that the merger has become effective.
Within 120 days
after the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation or any holder
of McNaughton common stock who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to
appraisal rights under Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Court of
Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of such holder's shares of
McNaughton common stock.
The surviving corporation is under no obligation to and
has no present intention to file such a petition.
Accordingly, it is the
obligation of the holders of McNaughton common stock to initiate all necessary
action to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of their shares of
McNaughton common stock within the time prescribed in Section 262.

    
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any holder of
McNaughton common stock who has complied with the requirements for exercise of
appraisal rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the
surviving corporation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares
not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and with respect to
which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of
holders of such shares.
Such statement must be mailed within ten days after a
written request for the statement has been received by the surviving corporation
or within ten days after the expiration of the period for delivery of demands
for appraisal, whichever is later.

    
If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed by a holder of shares of
McNaughton common stock and a copy of the petition is served upon the surviving
corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days to
file with the Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified list

containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal of their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their
shares have not been reached.
After notice to such stockholders as required by
the court, the Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on
such petition to determine those stockholders who have complied with
Section 262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262.

The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the holders of shares of McNaughton
common stock who demanded payment for their shares to submit their stock
certificates to the Delaware Register in Chancery for notation on the
certificate of the pendency of the appraisal proceeding.
If any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss
the proceedings as to such stockholder.

    
After determining the holders of McNaughton common stock entitled to
appraisal, the Delaware Court of Chancery will appraise the "fair value" of
their shares of McNaughton common stock, exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a
fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the
fair value.
Holders of McNaughton common stock considering seeking appraisal
should be aware that the fair value of their shares of McNaughton common stock
as so determined could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration
they would receive pursuant to the merger if they did not seek appraisal of
their shares of McNaughton common stock and that investment banking opinions as
to fairness from a financial point of view are not necessarily opinions as to
fair value under Section 262.
The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that proof
of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable
in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court should be
considered in the appraisal proceedings.
In addition, Delaware courts have
decided that the statutory appraisal remedy, depending on factual circumstances,
may or may not be a dissenter's exclusive remedy.
The Delaware Court of Chancery
will also determine the amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amounts
to be received by persons whose shares of McNaughton common stock have been
appraised.
The costs of the action may be determined by the court and taxed upon
the parties as the court deems equitable.
The court may also order that all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with an
appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the
fees and expenses of experts utilized in the appraisal proceeding, be charged
pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to be appraised.

    
Any holder of shares of McNaughton common stock who has duly demanded an
appraisal in compliance with Section 262 will not, after the effective time of
the merger, be entitled to vote the shares of McNaughton common stock subject to
such demand for any purpose or be entitled to the payment of dividends or other
distributions on those shares of McNaughton common stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to holders of record of McNaughton common stock as
of a record date prior to the effective time of the merger).

    
If any stockholder who demands appraisal of such holder's shares of
McNaughton common stock under Section 262 fails to perfect, or effectively
withdraws or loses, such holder's right to appraisal, the shares of McNaughton
common stock of such stockholder will be deemed to have been converted at the
effective time of the merger into the right to receive the merger consideration.

A stockholder will fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, such
holder's right to appraisal if no petition for appraisal is filed within
120 days after the effective time of the merger, or if the stockholder delivers
to the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of such holder's demand for
appraisal and an acceptance of the merger, except that any such attempt to
withdraw made more than 60 days after the effective time of the merger will
require the written approval of the surviving corporation and, once a petition
for appraisal is filed, the appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to any
holder absent court approval.

    
FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE STEPS REQUIRED BY SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE FOR PERFECTING APPRAISAL RIGHTS MAY
RESULT IN THE LOSS OF SUCH RIGHTS.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    THE FOLLOWING DESCRIPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, A COPY OF
WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX A AND IS
INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.
WE URGE YOU TO READ THE FULL TEXT OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.

    CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.  
Each party's obligation to
complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified
conditions before completion of the merger, including the following:

    - the adoption of the merger agreement by holders of a majority of all
      outstanding shares of McNaughton common stock,

    - the approval for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
      official notice of issuance, of the shares of Jones common stock issuable
      (1) to McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger and (2) upon
      exercise of options to purchase Jones common stock into which options to
      purchase McNaughton common stock will be converted pursuant to the merger
      agreement,

    - the expiration or termination of any waiting period applicable to the
      merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 or
      any similar law,

    - the absence of any restraining order, injunction or other court order or
      decree or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of
      the merger, and

    - the absence of any stop order or proceeding seeking a stop order with
      respect to the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy
      statement/prospectus forms a part.

    
In addition, the obligation of each of Jones and McNaughton to complete to
the merger is further subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
additional conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of the other party set forth in the
      merger agreement that are qualified as to materiality or material adverse
      effect (as defined below), including the representation and warranty that
      there has not been a material adverse effect on the other party, being
      true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
      closing date as though made as of the closing date, except to the extent a
      representation and warranty expressly relates to a specific date, in which
      case as of that date,

    - the representations and warranties of the other party set forth in the
      merger agreement that are not qualified as to materiality or material
      adverse effect being true and correct in all material respects as of the
      date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date as though made as
      of the closing date, except to the extent a representation and warranty
      expressly relates to a specific date, in which case as of that date,

    - the other party having performed in all material respects all obligations
      required to be performed by it under the merger agreement, and

    - having received from its counsel on the date the registration statement on
      Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, is
      declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and on the
      closing date an opinion to the effect that the merger will qualify for
      United States federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
      meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and Jones, the
      acquisition subsidiary and McNaughton will each be a party to the
      reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal
      Revenue Code.

    
In addition, Jones' and the acquisition subsidiary's obligation to complete
the merger is further subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

    - Jones must receive from each affiliate of McNaughton an executed agreement
      relating to sales of Jones common stock received pursuant to the merger
      substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the merger agreement,

    - there must not be pending any suit, action or proceeding by any
      governmental entity seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion of the
      merger, or to materially limit the ownership, operation or control by
      Jones of McNaughton in specified material respects,

    - there must not be pending any suit, action or proceeding brought by any
      third party other than a governmental entity against McNaughton or any of
      its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to succeed, except for
      suits, actions or proceedings that could not reasonably be expected to
      have a material adverse effect on McNaughton, and

    - Jones must receive evidence that all consents and approvals of
      governmental entities required in connection with the merger agreement
      have been obtained, except for those the failure of which to be obtained
      could not reasonably be expected to restrain or prohibit the completion of
      the merger or materially limit the ownership, operation or control by
      Jones of McNaughton in specified material respects.

    
The merger agreement provides that a "material adverse effect" means, when
used in reference to McNaughton or Jones, any state of facts, change,
development, effect, condition or occurrence that could reasonably be expected
to:

    - be material and adverse to the business, assets, properties, condition or
      results of operations of the company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
      whole, or

    - prevent or materially impede or delay the completion of the merger or the
      other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    
However, there will be no material adverse effect to the extent that any
state of facts, change, development, event, effect, condition or occurrence
results from:

    - changes in the United States economy or securities markets in general, or

    - changes in the industries in which Jones or McNaughton operate and not
      specifically relating to Jones or McNaughton, as the case may be.

    
NO SOLICITATION.  
The merger agreement contains detailed provisions
prohibiting McNaughton from seeking an alternative transaction.
Under these "no
solicitation" provisions, McNaughton has agreed that neither it nor its
subsidiaries will, and that it will not authorize or permit any of its or its
subsidiaries' directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants or other advisors or representatives to, directly or indirectly:

    - solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any
      takeover proposal, as described below, or any inquiries or the making of
      any proposal that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a
      takeover proposal, or

    - have any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person
      any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate with, a takeover
      proposal.

    
The term "takeover proposal" means an inquiry, proposal or offer relating
to, or that is reasonably likely to lead to, any acquisition, including any
merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer,

stock acquisition, asset acquisition, binding share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or
similar transaction, of:

    - assets or businesses that constitute 20% or more of the total revenue,
      operating income, EBITDA or assets of McNaughton and its subsidiaries,
      taken as a whole, or

    - 20% or more of the outstanding common stock of McNaughton or 20% or more
      of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any of
      McNaughton's subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, individually
      or taken together, the assets or businesses referred to above.

    
However, the merger agreement does not prevent the McNaughton board of
directors, at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder approval, from:

    - furnishing information with respect to McNaughton and its subsidiaries
      pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement (so long as all
      information furnished is also provided on a prior or substantially
      concurrent basis to Jones), and

    - participating in discussions or negotiations with,

any person making an unsolicited bona fide written takeover proposal that the
McNaughton board of directors determines in good faith constitutes or is
reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal, as described below.

    
The term "superior proposal" means an unsolicited bona fide binding written
offer by a third party to acquire more than 50% of McNaughton common stock or
all or substantially all the assets of McNaughton and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, for consideration that the McNaughton board of directors determines in
its good faith judgment, after consultation with a financial advisor, to have a
higher value than the consideration to be received by McNaughton stockholders
pursuant to the merger, taking into account any changes to the terms of the
merger agreement offered by Jones in response to the superior proposal.

    
The merger agreement further provides that neither the McNaughton board of
directors nor any committee of the McNaughton board of directors may:

    - withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse to Jones, or propose publicly to
      withdraw or so modify, its recommendation of the merger agreement or the
      merger,

    - determine, or propose publicly to determine, that the merger agreement or
      the merger is no longer advisable,

    - recommend, or propose publicly to recommend, that McNaughton stockholders
      reject the merger agreement or the merger,

    - recommend, or propose publicly to recommend, approval or adoption of any
      takeover proposal,

    - adopt or approve, or propose publicly to adopt or approve, any takeover
      proposal,

    - withdraw, or propose publicly to withdraw, its approval of the merger
      agreement, or

    - cause or permit McNaughton to enter into any letter of intent, memorandum
      of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger
      agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership
      agreement or other agreement constituting or related to, or which is
      intended to or is reasonably likely to lead to, any takeover proposal.

    
However, the merger agreement does not prevent the McNaughton board of
directors or any committee of the McNaughton board of directors from taking any
of the actions specified in the first four bullets of the previous paragraph if
the McNaughton board or such committee determines in good faith (after
consulting with legal counsel) that the failure to take any such action would be
reasonably likely to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable
law.

    
Furthermore, the merger agreement provides that the McNaughton board of
directors may, at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder approval,
in response to an unsolicited superior proposal and subject to the next
sentence, cause McNaughton to terminate the merger agreement with Jones and
concurrently enter into a binding agreement for that superior proposal.
The
McNaughton board of directors cannot exercise its termination right:

    - unless McNaughton has paid to Jones the termination fee as described below
      in "--Termination Fee" prior to or simultaneously with the termination,
      and

    - until after four business days have passed since McNaughton notified Jones
      that it has received a superior proposal, specifying the terms and
      conditions of the proposal and the person or entity that made the superior
      proposal.

    TERMINATION.  
The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
completion of the merger, even if the merger agreement has been adopted by
McNaughton stockholders:

    - by mutual written consent of Jones and McNaughton,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if the merger has not been completed by
      November 30, 2001,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if there exists a final and nonappealable
      restraining order, injunction or other court order or decree or other
      legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of the merger,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if McNaughton stockholders do not adopt the
      merger agreement at a duly held stockholders meeting,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if the other party has breached any of its
      representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
      agreement, which breach would result in a failure of a condition to the
      merger and cannot or has not been cured within ten business days of
      notice,

    - by Jones, if the McNaughton board of directors or any committee of the
      McNaughton board of directors:

        - withdraws, or modifies in a manner adverse to Jones, or proposes
          publicly to withdraw or so modify, its recommendation of the merger
          agreement or the merger,

        - determines, or proposes publicly to determine, that the merger
          agreement or the merger is no longer advisable,

        - recommends, or proposes publicly to recommend, that McNaughton
          stockholders reject the merger agreement or the merger,

        - recommends, or proposes publicly to recommend, approval or adoption of
          any alternative takeover proposal, or

        - fails to confirm its recommendation and declaration of advisability of
          the merger agreement and the merger within 15 business days after a
          written request by Jones to do so is made following a takeover
          proposal by a third party, or

    - by McNaughton, at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder
      approval and after compliance with specified provisions of the merger
      agreement, in connection with entering into a binding agreement for a
      superior proposal as described above under "--No Solicitation".

    TERMINATION FEE.  
McNaughton must to pay Jones a termination fee of
$10 million if:

    - Jones or McNaughton, as applicable, terminates the merger agreement under
      any of the circumstances described in the last two bullet points above
      under "--Termination", or

    - the merger agreement is terminated by Jones or McNaughton if:

        - the termination was due to (1) McNaughton stockholders failing to
          approve the merger or (2) the merger failing to be completed by
          November 30, 2001,

        - prior to such termination, a third party made, or announced an
          intention to make, a takeover proposal, and

        - within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement,
          McNaughton consummates or enters into an agreement with a third party
          providing for the acquisition of assets or businesses that constitute
          35% or more of the total revenue, operating income, EBITDA or assets
          of McNaughton and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 35% or more
          of the outstanding McNaughton common stock or capital stock or other
          equity or voting interests in subsidiaries of McNaughton holding those
          assets or businesses.

    EXPENSES.  
The merger agreement provides that all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring those
fees or expenses, except that expenses incurred in connection with filing,
printing and mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus and the registration
statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms part, will
be shared equally by Jones and McNaughton.

    CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER--MCNAUGHTON.  
Under the merger
agreement, McNaughton agreed that, during the period before completion of the
merger, except as consented to in writing by Jones or as specifically required
or permitted by the merger agreement, it will, and will cause each of its
subsidiaries to:

    - carry on its businesses, and continue all pricing, sales, receivables and
      payables practices, in the ordinary course consistent with past practice,

    - comply with all applicable laws in all material respects, and

    - use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve its assets, brands,
      licenses and technology and its relationships with customers, suppliers,
      licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business
      dealings with it.

    
In addition, McNaughton has agreed that it will not, and will not permit its
subsidiaries to:

    - declare, set aside or pay dividends, or make any other distribution of any
      of its capital stock, except for dividends by a direct or indirect wholly
      owned subsidiary of McNaughton to its parent,

    - repurchase or redeem its capital stock or other securities,

    - split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue any
      securities in respect of its other securities,

    - issue, sell or encumber any of its capital stock, equity or voting
      interests or other similar securities, other than pursuant to the bonus
      plan for senior executives and the rights agreement, and other than the
      issuance of common stock as a result of the exercise of existing stock
      options or rights under the employee stock purchase plan,

    - amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar
      organizational documents,

    - acquire assets constituting a business or any entity, other than inventory
      or other immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business consistent
      with past practice,

    - sell, lease or encumber any of its properties or assets, except sales of
      inventory, factoring of accounts receivable and sales of immaterial assets
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,

    - repurchase, prepay or incur any debt or guarantee any debt of another
      person or issue or sell any debt securities, options, warrants, calls or
      other rights to acquire any debt securities or enter into any arrangement
      having a similar economic effect, except for short term borrowings and
      letters of credit in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
      practice,

    - make any loans, advances (other than for travel expenses advanced to
      employees in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions to,
      or investments in, any other person, other than McNaughton or any of its
      wholly owned subsidiaries,

    - incur any capital expenditures in any manner inconsistent in any material
      respect with McNaughton's capital budget for 2001,

    - pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or
      obligations, other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice of
      claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in
      McNaughton's most recent audited financial statements filed with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission,

    - waive, release, grant or transfer any right of material value, other than
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or waive
      any material benefit of or fail to enforce any confidentiality, standstill
      or similar agreement to which McNaughton or any of its subsidiaries is a
      party, or agree to modify in a manner adverse to it, or consent to any
      matter with respect to which its consent is required by the terms of, any
      such agreement,

    - enter into, modify, amend or terminate any contract which if so entered
      into, modified, amended or terminated could be reasonably likely to:

        - have a material adverse effect on McNaughton,

        - impair in any material respect the ability of McNaughton to perform
          its obligations under the merger agreement, or

        - prevent or materially delay the consummation of the transactions
          contemplated by the merger agreement,

    - enter into, modify, amend or terminate, except in the ordinary course of
      business consistent with past practice, any material contract,

    - enter into any contract:

        - to the extent compliance by McNaughton with the merger agreement or
          consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
          could reasonably be expected to conflict with or result in a violation
          of that contract, or

        - containing any restriction on the ability of McNaughton or any of its
          subsidiaries to assign its rights, interests or obligations under that
          contract to Jones,

    - pay any material benefit not provided for as of the date of the merger
      agreement under any benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,
      except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required to
      comply with applicable law or any provision of any benefit plan, benefit
      agreement or contract,

    - adopt or enter into any collective bargaining agreement,

    - fund compensation or benefits under any benefit plan, benefit agreement or
      contract, except as required to comply with applicable law or any
      provision of any benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,

    - take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation
      or benefit under any benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,
      except as required to comply with applicable law or any provision of any
      benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,

    - maintain insurance at less than current levels or otherwise in a manner
      inconsistent with past practice,

    - take any action or omit to take any action if it would or could reasonably
      be expected to result in:

        - any representation and warranty of McNaughton in the merger agreement
          that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue,

        - any representation and warranty of McNaughton that is not qualified as
          to materiality becoming untrue in any material respect, or

        - any of the conditions to the merger not being satisfied,

    - commence any suit, action or proceeding, other than in connection with the
      collection of accounts receivable, to enforce the merger agreement or as a
      result of a suit, action or proceeding commenced against McNaughton or any
      of its subsidiaries,

    - change its fiscal year,

    - revalue any of its material assets,

    - make any changes in accounting methods, principles or practices, except as
      required by generally accepted accounting principles, or

    - engage in specified practices that would affect sales, collections of
      receivables, payments or that are outside the ordinary course of business.

    
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER--JONES.  
Under the merger agreement,
Jones agreed that, during the period before completion of the merger, except as
consented to in writing by McNaughton or as specifically required or permitted
by the merger agreement, Jones will use its reasonable best efforts to preserve
intact its business in all material respects and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
material business dealings with it.

    
In addition, Jones has agreed that it will not and, in the case of actions
described in the first two bullets below, will not permit its subsidiaries to:

    - declare or pay dividends, except for dividends by a direct or indirect
      wholly owned subsidiary of Jones to its parent,

    - acquire any of its capital stock or securities convertible into or
      exercisable for any shares of its capital stock through a self-tender
      offer,

    - liquidate or dissolve, or

    - amend its articles of incorporation or by-laws in a manner that would
      cause stockholders of McNaughton who become stockholders of Jones as a
      result of the merger to be treated differently from other stockholders of
      Jones.

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
The merger agreement contains
representations and warranties relating to, among other things:

    - corporate organization and similar corporate matters concerning Jones and
      McNaughton,

    - subsidiaries of McNaughton,

    - the capital structure of each of Jones and McNaughton,

    - the compliance of the merger agreement with:

        - the certificate of incorporation, by-laws and similar organizational
          documents of Jones, acquisition subsidiary and McNaughton and its
          subsidiaries,

        - applicable law, and

        - contracts,

    - documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Jones and
      McNaughton since January 1, 1998 and financial statements included in
      those documents,

    - the absence of material changes or events concerning Jones and McNaughton
      since, in the case of Jones, December 31, 2000 and, in the case of
      McNaughton, November 4, 2000,

    - litigation involving or affecting Jones or McNaughton or their respective
      subsidiaries,

    - contracts to which McNaughton or any of its subsidiaries is a party,

    - compliance with applicable laws by McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - the absence of changes in benefit plans of McNaughton and its
      subsidiaries,

    - certain labor, environmental and employee welfare and benefit plans
      matters with respect to McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - tax matters with respect to Jones and McNaughton and their respective
      subsidiaries,

    - title to property with respect to McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - rights in and non-infringement of intellectual property with respect to
      McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - engagement and payment of fees of brokers, investment bankers and
      financial advisors by each of Jones and McNaughton,

    - receipt of a fairness opinion by McNaughton,

    - the vote of McNaughton stockholders required to adopt the merger agreement
      and the absence of any requirement of a vote of Jones stockholders
      relating to the merger agreement or the merger,

    - certain amendments to the McNaughton rights agreement to exempt the merger
      agreement and completion of the merger from that agreement,

    - in the case of McNaughton, the inapplicability of state takeover laws to
      the merger,

    - interim operations of the acquisition subsidiary,

    - common stock of Jones to be issued pursuant to the merger,

    - the absence of any ownership of McNaughton capital stock by Jones and the
      acquisition subsidiary, and

    - matters relating to the ability of Jones to finance the merger.

    
OTHER COVENANTS.  
The merger agreement also contains other covenants by
McNaughton and Jones, including a covenant to use all commercially reasonable
efforts to take all actions that are necessary, proper or advisable to complete
the merger.

    
AMENDMENT, EXTENSION AND WAIVER.  
The merger agreement provides that the
parties may amend, by an instrument in writing signed by each party, the merger
agreement, whether before or after any required stockholder approval has been
obtained.
In addition, the merger agreement provides that at any time prior to
the completion of the merger, a party may, by a signed instrument in writing,
(1) extend the time for the performance of the obligations or other acts of the
other parties to the merger agreement, (2) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties of the other parties contained in the merger
agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement or
(3) waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in the merger agreement.
However, after any required
stockholder approval has been obtained, no amendment or waiver may be made which
by law requires further approval or adoption by stockholders without such
further approval or adoption.

    
Under Section 251(d) of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, no amendment to a merger agreement made after the adoption of the
merger agreement by stockholders of a corporation may, without further approval
by the stockholders, alter or change the merger consideration to be received by
those stockholders, alter or change any term of the certificate of incorporation
of the surviving corporation, or alter or change any terms and conditions of the
merger agreement if the alteration or change would adversely affect the holders
of any class or series of stock of the corporation.

                     
COMPARATIVE STOCK PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

    
Jones common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "JNY".
McNaughton common stock is quoted on The Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol "MAGI".
The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the high and low sale prices per share of Jones common stock and
McNaughton common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction
Tape and The Nasdaq Stock Market, respectively.
No dividends were paid by Jones
or McNaughton during any period indicated below.
For current price information,
McNaughton stockholders are urged to consult publicly available sources.

                                             
JONES              MCNAUGHTON
                                         COMMON STOCK          COMMON STOCK
                                      -------------------   
-------------------
                                        HIGH       LOW        HIGH       LOW
                                      --------   
--------   --------   
--------

CALENDAR PERIOD

    First Quarter...................  $32.5000   $21.5000   $ 5.7500   $ 2.3750

    Second Quarter..................   35.8750    26.8750     8.4375     4.2500

    Third Quarter...................   35.4375    24.7500    10.3750     7.6250

    Fourth Quarter..................   33.0000    24.8125     9.2500     6.5000

    First Quarter...................   31.8750    20.1250    11.6250     7.0000

    Second Quarter..................   32.5625    21.2500    11.1250     8.0000

    Third Quarter...................   29.1875    22.0625    17.1250    10.0000

    Fourth Quarter..................   35.0000    23.3125    16.6875     8.5000

    First Quarter...................   41.0900    31.1250    16.8125    10.8125

    Second Quarter (through May [-],  
[-]        [-]        [-]        [-]
      2001).........................

    The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices per share of
Jones common stock and McNaughton common stock as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transaction Tape and The Nasdaq Stock Market, respectively,
on April 12, 2001, the last full trading day before the execution of the merger
agreement, and on May [ - ], 2001, the latest trading day before the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus:

                                                JONES                          MCNAUGHTON
                                            COMMON STOCK                      COMMON STOCK
                                      -------------------------         
-------------------------
                                        HIGH             LOW              HIGH             LOW
                                      --------         
--------         --------         
--------

April 12, 2001......................   $36.51           $34.48           $17.88           $17.15

May [-], 2001.......................   $  [-]           $  [-]           $  [-]           $  [-]

                       DESCRIPTION OF JONES CAPITAL STOCK

    This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the material terms
of the capital stock of Jones under its amended and restated articles of
incorporation and amended by-laws.
The terms of Jones amended and restated
articles of incorporation and amended by-laws are more detailed than the general
information provided below.
You should carefully consider the actual provisions
of these documents.
The Jones amended and restated articles of incorporation and
amended by-laws may be obtained without charge by following the instructions in
the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 67.


TOTAL SHARES

    The total authorized capital stock of Jones consists of:

    - 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share, and

    - 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share.

    
On May [ - ], 2001, there were [ - ] shares of Jones common stock issued and
outstanding, and no shares of Jones preferred stock issued and outstanding.


COMMON STOCK

    VOTING RIGHTS.  
Each share of Jones common stock is entitled to one vote on
all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.

    DIVIDENDS.  
Holders of Jones common stock are entitled to receive dividends
when and as declared by the Jones board of directors out of legally available
funds.
The right of the Jones board of directors to declare dividends, however,
is subject to the requirement that all dividends on any outstanding Jones
preferred stock have been paid or reserved for.

    
LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.  
In the event of the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of Jones, Jones stockholders are entitled
to receive, pro rata, after satisfaction in full of the prior rights of
creditors and holders of preferred stock, if any, all of Jones' remaining assets
available for distribution.


PREFERRED STOCK

    The Jones board of directors is authorized to provide for the issuance from
time to time of Jones preferred stock in series and, as to each series, to fix
the designation, the dividend rate, whether dividends are cumulative, the
preferences which dividends will have with respect to any other class or series
of capital stock, the voting rights, the voluntary and involuntary liquidation
prices, the conversion or exchange privileges, the redemption prices and the
other terms of redemption, and the terms of any purchase or sinking funds
applicable to the series.
Cumulative dividends, dividend preferences and
conversion, exchange and redemption provisions, to the extent that some or all
of these features may be present when shares of Jones preferred stock are
issued, could have an adverse effect on the availability of earnings for
distribution to the holders of Jones common stock or for other corporate
purposes.

      
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS OF JONES AND MCNAUGHTON

    Jones is organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and
McNaughton is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
The rights of
Jones stockholders are currently governed by the Pennsylvania Business
Corporation Law, which we refer to as "Pennsylvania law", Jones' amended and
restated articles of incorporation and Jones' amended by-laws.
The rights of
McNaughton stockholders are currently governed by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, which we refer to as "Delaware law", McNaughton's amended
certificate of incorporation and McNaughton's amended by-laws.
Upon completion
of the merger, the rights of McNaughton stockholders who become stockholders of
Jones will be governed by Pennsylvania law, Jones' amended and restated articles
of incorporation and Jones' amended by-laws.

    
This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the material
differences between the rights of Jones stockholders and McNaughton
stockholders.
This section does not include a complete description of all
differences among the rights of these stockholders, nor does it include a
complete description of the specific rights of these stockholders.
In addition,
identification of some of the differences in the rights of these stockholders as
material is not intended to indicate that other differences that are equally
important do not exist.
You should read carefully the relevant provisions of
Pennsylvania law, Delaware law, Jones' amended and restated articles of
incorporation, Jones' amended by-laws, McNaughton's amended certificate of
incorporation and McNaughton's amended by-laws.
Jones' amended and restated
articles of incorporation and amended by-laws and McNaughton's amended
certificate of incorporation and amended by-laws may be obtained without charge
by following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 67.


CAPITALIZATION

    JONES.  
Jones' authorized capital stock is described above under
"Description of Jones Capital Stock".

    MCNAUGHTON.  
The total authorized shares of capital stock of McNaughton
consist of:

    - 30,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share, and

    - 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share.

    
At the close of business on May [ - ], 2001, there were [ - ] shares of
McNaughton common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of McNaughton
preferred stock issued and outstanding.

    
McNaughton has the authority to issue preferred stock from time to time in
one or more series.
The McNaughton board of directors is authorized to fix the
designation and number of shares which shall constitute each such series and
other matters related to each such series of unissued and undesignated shares of
preferred stock.


VOTING RIGHTS

    JONES.  
Each holder of Jones common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of directors.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Each holder of McNaughton common stock is entitled to one vote
for each share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of
directors.


NUMBER AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

    Under both Pennsylvania and Delaware law, the charter document or by-laws of
a corporation may specify the number of directors.

    JONES.  
The Jones board of directors has seven members.
Jones' amended
by-laws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed by the Jones board
of directors.
Jones' amended by-laws further

provide that directors will be elected at the annual meeting of Jones
stockholders and will serve until the next annual meeting of Jones stockholders.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
The McNaughton board of directors has seven members.

McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation provides that the number of
directors will be determined as provided in McNaughton's amended by-laws.

McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that the maximum number of directors is
ten, and that the actual number of directors may be fixed by the vote of
stockholders or the board of directors.
McNaughton's amended by-laws further
provide that directors will be elected at the annual meeting of McNaughton
stockholders and will serve until the next annual meeting of McNaughton
stockholders.

VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law, unless otherwise provided in the by-laws,
vacancies on the board of directors, including vacancies resulting from an
increase in the number of directors, may be filled by a majority vote of the
remaining directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director,
and each person so selected will serve for the balance of unexpired term.
Jones'
amended by-laws provide that vacancies on the Jones board of directors,
including vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of directors, may
be filled by a majority of the remaining directors.
A majority of the remaining
directors will also constitute a quorum for purposes of filling the vacancy.

    
Because there is no provision regarding the removal of directors in Jones'
amended and restated articles of incorporation or amended by-laws, stockholders
may remove directors without cause under Pennsylvania law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that vacancies on the
McNaughton board of directors, including vacancies and unfilled newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors,
may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office.
However, any
vacancy occurring as a result of the removal of a director can only be filled by
McNaughton stockholders at a meeting of stockholders called for that purpose.

    
McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that a director, or the entire board of
directors, may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of stockholders
called for the purpose of removal, by the holders of a majority of the shares of
capital stock of McNaughton entitled to vote at that meeting.

APPROVAL OF MERGERS AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law, unless required by the by-laws, stockholder
approval is not required for a plan of merger or consolidation if:

    - the articles of incorporation are not changed in the merger or
      consolidation, except for changes which do not require stockholder
      approval under Pennsylvania law, and the surviving corporation is a
      Pennsylvania corporation,

    - each share of the corporation outstanding immediately prior to the merger
      or consolidation will continue to be or be converted into an identical
      share of the surviving corporation,

    - the plan provides that the stockholders will hold a majority of the votes
      entitled to be cast generally in an election of directors in the surviving
      corporation, and

    - either:

        - immediately prior to the adoption of the plan, another corporation
          that is a party to the merger or consolidation owns directly or
          indirectly 80% or more of the outstanding shares of each class of
          shares, or

        - no shares of the corporation have been issued prior to the adoption of
          the plan of merger or consolidation by the board of directors.

    
Jones' amended by-laws do not require stockholder approval in these
circumstances.

    
Under Pennsylvania law, stockholder approval is required for the sale,
lease, exchange or other disposition of all, or substantially all, of the
property and assets of a corporation when not made in the usual and regular
course of the business of the corporation, for the purpose of relocating the
business of the corporation, in certain transactions with subsidiaries or in
connection with a sale-leaseback transaction.

    
Under Pennsylvania law, stockholder approval is required for the division of
a domestic corporation into two or more domestic or foreign business
corporations unless:

    - the dividing corporation has only one class of shares outstanding, and the
      shares and other securities, if any, of each resulting corporation are
      distributed pro rata to the stockholders of the dividing corporation,

    - the dividing corporation survives the division, and all the shares and
      other securities and obligations of the new corporations resulting from
      the division are owned solely by the surviving corporation, or

    - the transfer, if effected by means of a sale, lease, exchange or other
      disposition, would not require stockholder approval.

    
In cases where stockholder approval is required for a merger, consolidation,
division, sale, lease, exchange or other disposition, the transaction must be
approved by receiving the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by
all stockholders entitled to vote thereon.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Under Delaware law, unless required by the certificate of
incorporation, stockholder approval to authorize a merger is not required if:

    - the agreement of merger does not amend the certificate of incorporation,

    - each share of stock outstanding prior to the merger is to be an identical
      outstanding or treasury share of the surviving corporation, and

    - either no shares of common stock of the surviving corporation and no
      shares, securities or obligations convertible into the common stock are to
      be issued under the merger agreement, or the authorized unissued shares or
      the treasury shares of common stock of the surviving corporation to be
      issued under the merger agreement plus those initially issuable upon
      conversion of any other shares, securities or obligations to be issued or
      delivered under the merger agreement does not exceed 20% of the number
      outstanding immediately prior to the merger.

    
McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation does not require
stockholder approval in these circumstances.

    
Delaware law further provides that a parent corporation that is the record
holder of at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock
of a subsidiary may, upon authorization by the board of directors of the parent
corporation, merge that subsidiary into its parent corporation without the
approval of the subsidiary's stockholders or board of directors.

    
In cases where stockholder approval is required for an agreement of merger
or consolidation or for a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of
a corporation's assets, the stockholder approval must be the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to
vote on the transaction.
If, however, the certificate of incorporation provides
for more or less than one vote per share on any matter, the required vote must
be a majority of the combined voting power of the corporation's outstanding
stock.


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    JONES.  
Pennsylvania law provides that stockholders of a corporation have a
right to dissent from a proposed transaction and to obtain payment of the
judicially determined "fair value" of their shares in a merger, consolidation,
division, share exchange, conversion or asset transfer and in certain other
plans or amendments to the articles of incorporation in which disparate
treatment is given to the holders of shares of the same class or series.
These
appraisal rights are not available, however, for any class of stock that is
either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than
2,000 stockholders unless:

    - the shares are not converted solely into shares of the acquiring,
      surviving, new or other corporation, or into such shares combined with
      cash for any fractional shares,

    - the shares being converted are shares of any preferred or special class of
      stock, unless the articles of incorporation or the terms of the
      transaction entitle all holders of the shares of the preferred or special
      class to vote on the transaction and require the approval of the
      affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by all stockholders of
      the preferred or special class, or

    - the transaction provides for disparate treatment for shares of the same
      class or series, and

        - the shares are a group of a class or series which are to receive the
          same special treatment in the transaction, and

        - the group is not entitled to a vote as a special class for such
          transaction.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Delaware law provides for appraisal rights on the part of the
stockholders of a corporation only in the case of specified mergers or
consolidations.
Moreover, unless the certificate of incorporation so provides,
Delaware law does not provide for appraisal rights in connection with sales or
transfers of all or substantially all of a corporation's assets, amendments to a
corporation's certificate of incorporation or a merger or consolidation for
stock listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national
market system security on The Nasdaq Stock Market or held of record by more than
2,000 stockholders, unless the agreement of merger or consolidation requires the
holders of the stock to receive, in exchange for their shares, any property
other than shares of stock of the surviving corporation, shares of stock of any
other corporation listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a
national market system security on The Nasdaq Stock Market or held of record by
more than 2,000 holders, cash instead of fractional shares or any combination of
the foregoing.
McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation does not
provide for appraisal rights in these circumstances.

    
In addition, Delaware law denies appraisal rights to the stockholders of the
surviving corporation in a merger if the merger did not require the approval of
the stockholders of the surviving corporation.
See "--Approval of Mergers and
Other Significant Transactions" above.

AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES/CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law, amendments to the articles of incorporation
may be proposed by the board of directors of a corporation, but stockholders of
a registered corporation, such as Jones, are not entitled to propose amendments
to the articles of incorporation.
Adoption of an amendment also requires:

    - the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares which are entitled to
      vote, and

    - if any class or series of shares is entitled to vote on the amendment as a
      class, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares in each class that
      is entitled to vote.


The holders of outstanding shares of a class or series of shares are entitled to
vote as a class on an amendment if the amendment would:

    - authorize the board of directors to fix and determine the relative rights
      and preferences, as between series, of any preferred or special class,

    - make any adverse change in the preferences, limitations or special rights,
      other than preemptive rights or the right to vote cumulatively, of the
      shares of a class or series,

    - authorize a new class or series of shares having a preference as to
      dividends or assets which is senior to the shares of an existing class or
      series, or

    - increase the number of authorized shares of any class or series which has
      a preference as to dividends or assets which is senior in any respect to
      the shares of a then outstanding class or series.

    
Any amendment of the articles of incorporation that involves a
reclassification of the corporation's stock in which the percentage of voting or
economic share interest in the corporation of one or more stockholders is
materially increased relative to substantially all other stockholders
constitutes a transaction with an interested stockholder and must be approved in
the manner required by Pennsylvania law.
See "--Anti-Takeover Provisions" below.

    
Neither Jones' amended and restated articles of incorporation nor Jones'
amended by-laws contain any provision regarding amendment of Jones' amended and
restated articles of incorporation.
Therefore, Jones' amended and restated
articles of incorporation may be amended as described above under Pennsylvania
law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Under Delaware law, any provision of McNaughton's amended
certificate of incorporation may be amended by approval of the board of
directors and the affirmative vote of a majority of the combined voting power of
the outstanding shares of stock that are entitled to vote to amend the
certificate of incorporation.
In addition, Delaware law generally requires the
approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of a class of
stock with respect to an amendment to a corporation's certificate of
incorporation, whether or not entitled to vote thereon by the certificate of
incorporation, if the amendment would increase or decrease the aggregate number
of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of the
shares of such class, or alter or change the powers, preferences, or special
rights of the shares of such class so as to affect them adversely.
McNaughton's
amended certificate of incorporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change
or repeal any of its provisions.
Any such action will be governed by Delaware
law as described above.

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

    JONES.  
Pennsylvania law provides that the by-laws may be amended by action
of the stockholders.
The by-laws may also give the power to amend the by-laws to
the board of directors, subject to the power of the stockholders to change such
action.
Pennsylvania law limits the board's power to amend the by-laws, however,
in respect to certain matters, unless allowed by the articles of incorporation.

Jones' amended by-laws give the Jones board of directors the power to amend,
alter or repeal Jones' amended by-laws, subject to the power of Jones
stockholders to change such action.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Delaware law gives the power to amend the by-laws to the
stockholders and also provides that the certificate of incorporation may also
give the power to amend the by-laws to the board of directors.
McNaughton's
amended certificate of incorporation gives the power to amend its by-laws to the
McNaughton board of directors.
McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that they
may be altered, amended or repealed, or new by-laws may be adopted, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the capital stock of McNaughton
or a majority of the McNaughton board of directors.


STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law, unless otherwise restricted by the by-laws,
stockholder action may be taken without a meeting upon the unanimous written
consent of all of the stockholders entitled to vote on that meeting.

Stockholders of a registered corporation, such as Jones, may authorize action
without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent only if such action
without a meeting is

permitted by the by-laws or articles of incorporation.
Although Jones' amended
by-laws are silent on this point, Jones' amended and restated articles of
incorporation provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by Jones
stockholders may be taken by written consent if consents are received
representing a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the action.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Under Delaware law, unless the certificate of incorporation
provides otherwise, stockholder action may be taken if written consents are
received from the holders of the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize that action at a meeting at which all the shares entitled to vote
for that action were present and voted.
McNaughton's amended certificate of
incorporation does not limit or prohibit stockholder action by written consent,
and McNaughton's amended by-laws explicitly authorize action by written consent
in the same manner as that provided by Delaware law.


SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law for registered corporations such as Jones, a
special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors or
by any officer or other person provided for in the by-laws, except that an
interested stockholder, as defined below under "--Anti-Takeover Provisions", can
call a special meeting to approve certain business combinations.

    
Jones' amended by-laws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may
be called by the President, the board of directors or the holders of at least
20% of all shares entitled to vote at the special meeting.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Under Delaware law, a special meeting of the stockholders may
be called by the board of directors or any other person that is authorized by
the certificate of incorporation or by-laws.
McNaughton's amended by-laws
provide that special meetings of the stockholders of McNaughton may be called
only by the McNaughton board of directors, the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the
McNaughton board of directors or the holders of the majority of the outstanding
shares of capital stock that are entitled to vote on the matters that are to be
voted on at that special meeting.


FIDUCIARY DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law, directors have a fiduciary relationship to
their corporation and are required to perform their duties in good faith, in a
manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of such corporation,
and with the care, including reasonable inquiry, skill and diligence, that a
person of ordinary prudence would use under similar circumstances.
In performing
their duties, directors are entitled to rely in good faith on information,
opinions, reports or statements prepared or presented by their corporation's
officers, employees, counsel and public accountants and other professionals and
experts.
Directors may, in considering the best interests of their corporation,
consider the effects of any action upon employees, suppliers, customers and
creditors of the corporation, and upon communities in which offices or other
establishments of their corporation are located and all other pertinent factors.

Absent a breach of fiduciary duty, a lack of good faith or self-dealing, any act
of the board of directors, a committee of the board or an individual director is
presumed to be in the best interests of the corporation.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Under Delaware law, directors are charged with a fiduciary duty
to act on an informed basis, in good faith and in the best interests of the
corporation and its stockholders.
In recognition of the managerial prerogatives
granted to the directors of a Delaware corporation, Delaware law presumes that,
in making a business decision, the directors are disinterested and act on an
informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was
in the best interests of the corporation, which presumption is known as the
"business judgment rule".
A party challenging the propriety of a decision of a
board of directors bears the burden of rebutting the applicability of the
presumption of the business judgment rule by demonstrating that, in reaching
their decision, the directors breached one or more of their fiduciary
duties--good faith, loyalty and due care.
If the

presumption is not rebutted, the business judgment rule attaches to protect the
directors and their decisions, and their business judgments will not be
judicially questioned absent gross negligence.
Where, however, the presumption
is rebutted, subject to specified exceptions, the directors bear the burden of
demonstrating the entire fairness of the relevant transaction.
Nonetheless,
Delaware courts subject directors' conduct to enhanced scrutiny in respect of
defensive actions taken in response to a threat to corporate control and
approval of a transaction resulting in a sale of control.


LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS

    Both Pennsylvania and Delaware law permit a corporation to limit the
personal liability of its directors, with specified exceptions.

    JONES.  
Pennsylvania law permits a corporation to include in its by-laws a
provision, adopted by vote of its stockholders, which eliminates the personal
liability of its directors for monetary damages for any action taken or for
failure to take any action unless:

    - the directors have breached or failed to perform their duties as
      directors, and

    - the breach or failure to perform constitutes self-dealing, willful
      misconduct or recklessness.


A Pennsylvania corporation is not permitted to eliminate personal liability
where the responsibility or liability of a director arises under any criminal
statute or is for the payment of taxes arising under any federal, state or local
law.

    
Jones' amended by-laws authorize Jones to limit the liability of directors
to the maximum extent legally permissible under Pennsylvania law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Delaware law provides that a corporation's certificate of
incorporation may include a provision limiting the personal liability of a
director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director.
However, no such provision can eliminate or
limit the liability of a director for:

    - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
      stockholders,

    - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
      misconduct or a knowing violation of the law,

    - violation of Delaware law provisions regarding unlawful payment of
      dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions,

    - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
      benefit, or

    - any act or omission prior to the adoption of such a provision in the
      certificate of incorporation.

    
McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation eliminates and limits the
liability of directors to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law.

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    JONES.  
Pennsylvania law provides in general that a corporation may
indemnify any person, including its directors, officers and employees, who was
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, other than actions by or in the right of the corporation, by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was a representative of or serving at
the request of the corporation.
This indemnification may be against expenses,
including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, if
he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to
be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, for any
criminal proceeding, if he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her
conduct was unlawful.
Pennsylvania law permits similar indemnification for
expenses, including attorneys' fees, in the case of actions by or in the right
of the corporation, provided that indemnification is not permitted against any
claim, issue or matter as to

which the person is determined to be liable to the corporation unless there is a
judicial determination that, in view of all the circumstances of the case, the
person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity against the expenses that
the court deems proper.

    
In any case, to the extent that a representative of the corporation has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any claim, issue or matter,
he or she will be indemnified against expenses, including attorneys' fees, which
he or she actually and reasonably incurs.
Pennsylvania law also provides that
this indemnification is not exclusive of any other rights to which a person
seeking indemnification may be entitled, except that indemnification may not be
made in any case where the act or failure to act which causes the claim is
determined by a court to have been willful misconduct or recklessness.

    
Jones' amended by-laws authorize Jones to indemnify its directors to the
full extent and in substantially the same manner that is permitted by
Pennsylvania law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation provides for
indemnification of its directors and officers to the full extent permitted by
Delaware law.
The provisions of Delaware law regarding indemnification are
substantially similar to those of Pennsylvania law.
There are, however, certain
differences under Delaware law, including:

    - only present and former officers and directors are entitled, as a matter
      of Delaware law, to indemnification for all expenses reasonably incurred
      in defense of any claim, issue or matter which has been successfully
      defended, and

    - there is no express exception to the indemnification of officers and
      directors for cases where the act or failure to act which causes the claim
      is determined by a court to have been the result of willful misconduct or
      recklessness.


DIVIDENDS

    JONES.  
Under Pennsylvania law, a corporation may pay dividends unless after
paying the dividend:

    - the corporation would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the
      usual course of its business, or

    - the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total
      liabilities plus the amount that would be needed upon the dissolution of
      the corporation to satisfy the preferential rights, if any, of
      stockholders having superior preferential rights to those stockholders
      receiving the distribution.

    
Jones' amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that the Jones
board of directors may from time to time declare, and Jones may pay, dividends
on its outstanding common stock out of funds lawfully available for that
purpose.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
Delaware law generally permits dividends to be paid out of any
surplus, defined as the excess of the net assets of the corporation over the
amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by the board of
directors, which cannot be less than the aggregate par value of all issued
shares of capital stock.
Delaware law also permits a dividend to be paid out of
the net profits of the current or the preceding fiscal year, or both, unless net
assets are less than the capital represented by any outstanding preferred
shares.

    
McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation provides that the
McNaughton board of directors may, subject to the rights of the holders of
preferred stock, from time to time declare dividends on its common stock out of
funds legally available for that purpose.


ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

    JONES.  
Pennsylvania law contains several anti-takeover provisions which
apply to corporations like Jones.
Jones is subject to these provisions because
its amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended by-laws do not
contain opt-out provisions.

    TRANSACTIONS WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS.  
Pennsylvania law provides that
the types of transaction listed below must be approved by the affirmative vote
of at least a majority of the votes that all stockholders are entitled to cast
with respect to such transaction, excluding all voting shares owned by an
interested stockholder.
An interested stockholder is defined under Pennsylvania
law as someone who individually or with or through any of its affiliates or
associates owns more than 20% of the stock entitled to elect directors of a
corporation.
The following types of transactions require the special vote
described above:

    - a merger or consolidation, a share exchange or certain sales of assets
      involving a corporation or its subsidiary and a stockholder of the
      corporation,

    - a division of the corporation, if an interested stockholder is to receive
      a disproportionate amount of any of the securities of any corporation
      surviving or resulting from the division,

    - a voluntary dissolution of the corporation, if any stockholder is to be
      treated differently from others holding shares of the same class, or

    - a reclassification of shares, if any stockholder's percentage of voting or
      economic share interest in the corporation is materially increased
      relative to substantially all other stockholders.

    
The special voting requirement with respect to the above types of
transactions does not apply if:

    - the transaction being proposed has been approved by the corporation's
      board of directors, excluding directors affiliated with or nominated by
      the interested stockholder if first elected as a director within
      24 months of the date of the vote on the proposed transaction,

    - the consideration received for each class of stock owned by the interested
      stockholder is at least as high as the highest consideration paid for that
      class by the interested stockholder, or

    - the transaction is a merger or consolidation involving a parent
      corporation which owns at least 80% of each class of the stock of each
      other constituent corporation.

    
Pennsylvania law also prohibits a corporation from engaging in a business
combination, such as a merger or consolidation, sale, disposition of property or
issuance of shares for a specified percentage of the value of the corporation,
with an interested stockholder unless:

    - the board of directors of the corporation gives prior approval to the
      proposed transaction or gives prior approval to the interested
      stockholder's acquisition of 20% of the shares entitled to vote in an
      election of directors of the corporation,

    - the interested stockholder owns at least 80% of the stock of the
      corporation entitled to vote in an election of directors and, no earlier
      than three months after the interested stockholder reaches the 80%
      ownership level, the majority of the remaining stockholders approve the
      proposed transaction and stockholders receive a minimum "fair price" for
      their shares in the transaction,

    - holders of all outstanding common stock approve the transaction,

    - no earlier than five years after the interested stockholder reached the
      20% ownership level, a majority of the remaining shares entitled to vote
      in an election of directors approve the transaction, or

    - no earlier than five years after the interested stockholder reached the
      20% ownership level, a majority of all the shares approve the transaction,
      all stockholders receive a minimum fair price for their shares and certain
      other conditions are met.

    
STOCKHOLDER RIGHT TO HAVE SHARES PURCHASED IN CONTROL TRANSACTIONS.  
Under
Pennsylvania law, when a person or group of persons acting together holds 20% of
the shares entitled to vote in an election of directors, any other stockholder
of the registered corporation who objects can, at the time that the control
group of persons acquires the 20% ownership level, under procedures set forth in
Pennsylvania law, require the control group to purchase his or her shares at a
fair value.

    
CERTAIN SHARE ACQUISITIONS.  
Pennsylvania law also contains provisions
which, under certain circumstances, permit a corporation to redeem the shares
owned by a group of individuals who own more than 20% of the voting power.
The
corporation may also remove the voting rights of those shares and require the
disgorgement of profits received through the ownership of those shares.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
McNaughton is subject to the provisions of Delaware law
described below regarding business combinations with interested stockholders
because there is no opt-out provision in its certificate of incorporation with
respect to these provisions.

    
Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware applies
to a broad range of business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an
interested stockholder.
The Delaware law definition of "business combination"
includes mergers, sales of assets, issuance of voting stock and certain other
transactions.
An "interested stockholder" is defined as any person who owns,
directly or indirectly, 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a
corporation.

    
Section 203 prohibits a corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time
that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

    - before the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of
      directors approved the business combination or the transaction that
      resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,

    - upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
      becoming an interested stockholder, such stockholder owned at least 85% of
      the voting stock outstanding when the transaction began other than shares
      held by directors who are also officers and other than shares held by
      certain employee stock plans, or

    - the board of directors approved the business combination after the
      stockholder became an interested stockholder, and the business combination
      was approved at a meeting by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
      stock not owned by such stockholder.


STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

    JONES.  
Jones does not have a stockholder rights plan.

    MCNAUGHTON.  
McNaughton is party to a rights agreement with American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent.
Set forth below is a summary of the
material provisions of the rights agreement.
This summary does not include a
complete description of all of the terms of the rights agreement.
McNaughton
stockholders may obtain copies of the rights plan without charge by following
the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information"
on page 67.

    EXERCISABILITY OF RIGHTS.  
Under the McNaughton rights agreement, one right,
referred to as a McNaughton right, attaches to each share of McNaughton common
stock outstanding and, when exercisable, entitles the registered holder to
purchase from McNaughton one share of McNaughton common stock at an initial
purchase price of $32, subject to customary antidilution adjustments.

    
The McNaughton rights will not become exercisable until the earlier of:

    - the tenth day after the date of public announcement that a person has
      become the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock
      then outstanding, and

    - the tenth business day or a later date as may be determined by the
      McNaughton board of directors following the commencement of, or the
      announcement of an intention to commence, a tender offer or exchange offer
      that would result in a person becoming the beneficial owner of 20% or more
      of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding.

    
In connection with the merger, the McNaughton rights agreement was amended
to provide that the McNaughton rights will not become exercisable solely by
reason of the merger agreement and completion of the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement.

    
"FLIP IN" FEATURE.  
In the event a person becomes the beneficial owner of
20% or more of the McNaughton common stock outstanding, each holder of a
McNaughton right, except for that person, will have the right to acquire, upon
exercise of the McNaughton right at the then current exercise price, shares of
McNaughton common stock having a value equal to twice the exercise price of the
McNaughton right.
For example, assuming that the initial purchase price of $32
is in effect on the date that the flip-in feature of the McNaughton right is
exercised, any holder of a McNaughton right, except for the person that has
become the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the outstanding McNaughton common
stock, may exercise his or her McNaughton right by paying to McNaughton $32 in
order to receive from McNaughton shares of McNaughton common stock having a
value equal to $64.

    
"EXCHANGE" FEATURE.  
At any time after a person becomes the beneficial owner
of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding, but prior to a
person becoming the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the McNaughton common
stock then outstanding, the McNaughton board of directors may, at its option,
exchange all or some of the McNaughton rights, except for those held by such
person, at an exchange ratio of one share of McNaughton common stock per
McNaughton right.
Use of this exchange feature means that eligible McNaughton
rights holders would not have to pay the purchase price in order to receive
shares of McNaughton common stock.

    
"FLIP OVER" FEATURE.  
In the event that, after a person becomes the
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding:

    - McNaughton merges into any person,

    - any person consolidates or merges with McNaughton, or

    - McNaughton sells more than 50% of its assets or earning power to any
      person,

then each holder of a McNaughton right, except for a person that is the
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding,
will have the right to receive, upon exercise of the McNaughton right at the
then current exercise price, the number of shares of the acquiring company's
common stock having a value equal to twice the exercise price of the McNaughton
right.

    REDEMPTION OF RIGHTS.  
At any time prior to the earlier to occur of:

    - a person becoming the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton
      common stock then outstanding, and

    - February 8, 2006,

the McNaughton board of directors may redeem all of the McNaughton rights at a
redemption price of $0.01 per right, subject to adjustment.
The right to
exercise the McNaughton rights will terminate upon redemption, and at such time,
the holders of the McNaughton rights will have the right to receive only the
redemption price for each McNaughton right held.

    
AMENDMENT OF RIGHTS.  
At any time before a person becomes the beneficial
owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding, the terms
of the existing McNaughton rights agreement may be amended by the McNaughton
board of directors without the approval of the holders of the rights.
After the
date any person acquires at least 20% of McNaughton's outstanding common stock,
the rights agreement may not be amended in any manner which would adversely
affect the interests of the holders of the McNaughton rights, excluding the
interests of the acquiror.
In connection with the merger, McNaughton amended the
rights agreement so that it will not be applicable to the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    TERMINATION OF RIGHTS.  
If not previously exercised, the McNaughton rights
will expire on February 8, 2006, unless McNaughton earlier redeems or exchanges
the McNaughton rights or shortens or extends the expiration date.

    
ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS.  
The McNaughton rights could have anti-takeover
effects.
Once the McNaughton rights become exercisable, in most cases the
McNaughton rights would cause substantial dilution to a person that attempts to
acquire or merge with McNaughton.
Accordingly, the existence of the McNaughton
rights may deter potential acquirors from making a takeover proposal or a tender
offer.
The McNaughton rights should not interfere with any merger or other
business combination approved by the McNaughton board of directors, because
McNaughton may redeem the McNaughton rights, and because the McNaughton board of
directors can amend the McNaughton rights agreement so that a transaction
approved by the McNaughton board of directors would not cause the McNaughton
rights to become exercisable.

RIGHTS OF INSPECTION

    Under both Pennsylvania and Delaware law, every stockholder, upon proper
written demand stating the purpose, may inspect the corporate books and records
as long as the inspection is for a proper purpose and during normal business
hours.
Under both statutes, a "proper purpose" is any purpose reasonably related
to the interest of the inspecting person as a stockholder.


LIQUIDATION RIGHTS

    
The rights of the holders of Jones common stock upon the liquidation or
dissolution of Jones are substantially the same as those of the holders of
McNaughton common stock upon the liquidation or dissolution of McNaughton.


CASE LAW AND COURT SYSTEMS

    
There is a substantial body of case law in Delaware interpreting the
corporation laws of that state.
Delaware also has a Court of Chancery which
usually adjudicates matters arising under the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware.
The body of case law interpreting the corporation law of
Pennsylvania is not as significantly developed as in Delaware.
In Pennsylvania,
matters arising under Pennsylvania law are adjudicated by the general state
courts.
As a result of these factors, there may be less certainty as to the
outcome of matters governed by Pennsylvania law, and, therefore, it may be more
difficult to obtain legal guidance as to such matters than would be the case
under Delaware law.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

    
The legality of Jones common stock offered by this proxy
statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Jones by Ira M. Dansky, Esq.,
General Counsel of Jones.
With respect to certain matters concerning
Pennsylvania law, Mr. Dansky will rely on Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
As of May [-], 2001, Mr. Dansky owned no shares of
Jones common stock but had options to purchase 205,585 shares of Jones common
stock.
Certain United States federal income tax consequences of the merger will
be passed upon for Jones by Cravath, Swaine & Moore, New York, New York.

Cravath, Swaine & Moore acts as counsel for Jones and its subsidiaries from time
to time.

    
Certain United States federal income tax consequences of the merger will be
passed upon for McNaughton by Torys, New York, New York.
Torys regularly acts as
counsel for McNaughton and its subsidiaries.
As of May [-], 2001, Bradley P.
Cost, Esq., a member of Torys, was a director of McNaughton and owned 5,000
shares of McNaughton common stock and had options to purchase 50,000 shares of
McNaughton common stock.

                                    
EXPERTS

    The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of
Jones at December 31, 2000, and December 31, 1999, and for each of the three
fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 2000, incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to Jones' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, have been audited by BDO Seidman, LLP,
independent auditors, as set forth in their reports which are also incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, and have been so incorporated
in reliance upon these reports given upon the authority of BDO Seidman, LLP as
experts in accounting and auditing.

    
The consolidated financial statements of McNaughton appearing in
McNaughton's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 4,
2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth
in their report thereon, included therein and incorporated herein by reference
in reliance upon that report given on the authority of Ernst & Young LLP as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                             
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

    
In view of the expected timing of the merger, McNaughton does not expect to
hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2002.
In the event the merger is not
completed and McNaughton does hold an annual meeting in 2002, you would continue
to be entitled to attend and participate in the meeting if you are a stockholder
as of the record date for that meeting.
In accordance with federal securities
laws, proposals to be submitted by stockholders for consideration at the next
annual meeting of McNaughton stockholders and inclusion in McNaughton's next
annual proxy statement must be received by McNaughton not later than
October 17, 2001.
Securities and Exchange Commission rules establish standards
as to which stockholder proposals are required to be included in a proxy
statement for an annual meeting.
McNaughton will only consider proposals for
inclusion in its proxy statement for an annual meeting that satisfy the
requirements of applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

    As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the McNaughton board of
directors knows of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement/prospectus.
If
any other matter comes before the special meeting, the persons named as proxies
by a stockholder will vote in their discretion on the other matter unless:

    - otherwise indicated on the proxy, or

    - the other matter relates to the adjournment of the special meeting and the
      shares represented by the proxy are to be voted against the proposal to
      adopt the merger agreement.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

    Jones and McNaughton file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information that Jones
and McNaughton file with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the
Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference rooms at the following
locations:

Public Reference Room     New York Regional Office  Chicago Regional Office
450 Fifth Street, N.W.    7 World Trade Center      Citicorp Center
Room 1024                 Suite 1300                500 West Madison Street
Washington, D.C. 20549    New York, NY 10048        Suite 1400
                                                    Chicago, IL 60661-2511

    Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference rooms.
These Securities and Exchange
Commission filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and at the website maintained by the Securities and Exchange
Commission at "http://www.sec.gov".
Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Jones may also be inspected at the offices of the New
York Stock Exchange at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.
Reports, proxy
statements and other information concerning McNaughton may also be inspected at
the offices of The Nasdaq Stock Market at 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20016.

    
Jones filed a registration statement on Form S-4 on May 8, 2001, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission to register the Jones common stock to be
issued to McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger.
This proxy
statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement and constitutes a
prospectus of Jones in addition to being a proxy statement of McNaughton.
As
allowed by Securities and Exchange Commission rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you can find in Jones'
registration statement or the exhibits to the registration statement.
The
registration statement and its exhibits are available for inspection and copying
as set forth above.

    
The Securities and Exchange Commission allows Jones and McNaughton to
"incorporate by reference" information into this proxy statement/prospectus,
which means that the companies can disclose important information to you by
referring you to other documents filed separately with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
The information incorporated by reference is considered
part of this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded
by information contained directly in this proxy statement/prospectus or in later
filed documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

    
This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set
forth below that Jones and McNaughton have previously filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.
These

documents contain important business and financial information about Jones and
McNaughton that is not included in, or delivered with, this proxy
statement/prospectus.


JONES FILINGS                                            PERIOD
- -------------                            ---------------------------------------
(FILE NO. 1-10746)

Annual Report on Form 10-K.............  
Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2000
Current Report on Form 8-K.............  Filed on April 16, 2001

MCNAUGHTON FILINGS                                       PERIOD
- ------------------                       
---------------------------------------
(FILE NO. 0-23440)

Annual Report on Form 10-K.............  
Fiscal Year ended November 4, 2000
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q..........  
Fiscal Quarter ended February 3, 2001
Current Reports on Form 8-K............  Filed on April 17, 2001 and March
                                         15, 2001

    Jones and McNaughton also incorporate by reference all additional documents
that they file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 between the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus and the date of the special meeting, and these
additional documents are deemed to be a part of this proxy statement/prospectus
from the date of filing.
These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as
well as proxy statements.

    
Jones has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/ prospectus relating to Jones, and McNaughton has supplied
all such information relating to McNaughton.

    
As noted in "The Merger--Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of
Certificates; Fractional Shares", McNaughton stockholders should not send in
their McNaughton stock certificates until they receive the transmittal materials
from the exchange agent after the completion of the merger.

    
McNaughton stockholders may have received some of the documents incorporated
by reference.
However, McNaughton stockholders can also obtain any of them
through the companies, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Securities
and Exchange Commission's Internet website as described above.
Documents
incorporated by reference are available from the companies without charge,
excluding all exhibits, except that if the companies have specifically
incorporated by reference an exhibit in this proxy statement/prospectus, the
exhibit will also be provided without charge.
McNaughton stockholders may obtain
documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus by
requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the
following addresses:

Jones Apparel Group, Inc.                  McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.
250 Rittenhouse Circle                     463 Seventh Avenue
Bristol, PA 19007                          New York, NY 10018
Attention: Investor Relations              Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (215) 785-4000                  Telephone: (212) 947-2960

    McNaughton stockholders should rely only on the information contained or
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.
McNaughton has not
authorized anyone to provide McNaughton stockholders with information that is
different from what is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy
statement/prospectus is dated May [-], 2001.
McNaughton stockholders should not
assume that the information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus is
accurate as of any date other than that date.
Neither the mailing of this proxy
statement/prospectus to McNaughton stockholders nor the issuance of Jones common
stock pursuant to the merger creates any implication to the contrary.

               
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

    This proxy statement/prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with
respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business strategies,
operating efficiencies or synergies, competitive positions, growth opportunities
for existing products, plans and objectives of management, markets for stock of
Jones and McNaughton and other matters.
Statements in this proxy
statement/prospectus that are not historical facts are hereby identified as
"forward-looking statements" for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933.
Such forward-looking statements, including, without
limitation, those relating to the future business prospects, revenues and
income, in each case relating to Jones and McNaughton, wherever they occur in
this proxy statement/prospectus, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best
judgment of the senior management of Jones and McNaughton on the date of this
proxy statement/prospectus and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements.
McNaughton stockholders should consider the forward-
looking statements in light of various important factors, including those set
forth in this proxy statement/prospectus.
Important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in
the forward-looking statements include without limitation:

    - the ability to integrate the operations of Jones and McNaughton,

    - the effects of vigorous competition in the markets in which Jones and
      McNaughton operate,

    - the performance of Jones' and McNaughton's products within, and the
      overall strength of, the prevailing retail environment, including
      conditions for women's and juniors' apparel and women's footwear and
      accessories,

    - changes in the costs of raw materials, labor and advertising,

    - the ability of Jones and McNaughton to secure and protect trademarks and
      other intellectual property rights,

    - the unanticipated loss of a major customer,

    - weather conditions which could impact retail traffic and Jones' and
      McNaughton's ability to ship on a timely basis,

    - the overall level of consumer spending, and

    - national and regional economic conditions.

    
For additional information about factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please
see the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the annual reports on Form 10-K that
Jones and McNaughton have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

    
Neither Jones nor McNaughton is under any obligation, and each expressly
disclaims any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
All
subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to Jones or McNaughton or any
person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section.

                                                                         
ANNEX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                           DATED AS OF APRIL 13, 2001

                                     AMONG

                           JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.,

                             MCN ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      AND

                         MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP
INC.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      A-1

                               

                                                                                      PAGE
                                                                                    --------

                                               ARTICLE I

                                               THE MERGER

SECTION 1.01.         
THE MERGER..................................................     A-4
SECTION 1.02.         
CLOSING.....................................................     A-4
SECTION 1.03.         
EFFECTIVE TIME..............................................     A-4
SECTION 1.04.         EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.......................................     
A-5
SECTION 1.05.         CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS....................     
A-5
SECTION 1.06.         DIRECTORS...................................................     
A-5
SECTION 1.07.         OFFICERS....................................................     
A-5

                                               ARTICLE II

                           CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

SECTION 2.01.         
CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK.................................     
A-5
SECTION 2.02.         
ANTI-DILUTION PROVISIONS....................................     
A-6
SECTION 2.03.         
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES....................................     A-7
SECTION 2.04.         
ADJUSTMENT..................................................     A-9

                                              ARTICLE III

                                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 3.01.         
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY...............    A-10
SECTION 3.02.         
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB............    A-25

                                               ARTICLE IV

                               COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

SECTION 4.01.         
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.........................................    A-28

SECTION 4.02.         
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY PARENT...............................    A-31
SECTION 4.03.         
NO SOLICITATION.............................................    A-32

                                               ARTICLE V

                                         ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION 5.01.         
PREPARATION OF THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY
                      STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS; STOCKHOLDERS MEETING..................    A-34
SECTION 5.02.         LETTERS OF THE COMPANY'S ACCOUNTANTS........................    A-35
SECTION 5.03.         LETTERS OF PARENT'S ACCOUNTANTS.............................    A-35
SECTION 5.04.         
ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY......................    A-35
SECTION 5.05.         
COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION...............    A-35
SECTION 5.06.         
COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS.......................................    A-36
SECTION 5.07.         
INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE..................    
A-38
SECTION 5.08.         FEES AND EXPENSES...........................................    A-39
SECTION 5.09.         
INFORMATION SUPPLIED........................................    
A-39
SECTION 5.10.         
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS....................................    A-40
SECTION 5.11.         
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS........................................    A-40
SECTION 5.12.         AFFILIATES..................................................    A-41

                                      A-2

                                                                                      PAGE
                                                                                    --------

SECTION 5.13.         
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS.....................................    A-41
SECTION 5.14.         
TAX TREATMENT...............................................    A-41
SECTION 5.15.         
RIGHTS AGREEMENT............................................    A-41
SECTION 5.16.         
TRANSFER TAXES..............................................    A-41
SECTION 5.17.         
PARENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS...................................    A-41

                                               ARTICLE VI

                                          CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 6.01.         
CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
                      MERGER......................................................    
A-42
SECTION 6.02.         CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB.................    
A-42
SECTION 6.03.         
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY.....................    A-43

                                              ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 7.01.         
TERMINATION.................................................    A-44
SECTION 7.02.         
EFFECT OF TERMINATION.......................................    A-44
SECTION 7.03.         
AMENDMENT...................................................    A-45
SECTION 7.04.         
EXTENSION; WAIVER...........................................    A-45

                                              ARTICLE VIII

                                           GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 8.01.         
NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............    A-46
SECTION 8.02.         
NOTICES.....................................................    A-46
SECTION 8.03.         DEFINITIONS.................................................    A-47
SECTION 8.04.         
INTERPRETATION..............................................    A-47
SECTION 8.05.         
COUNTERPARTS................................................    A-47
SECTION 8.06.         
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES..............    A-47
SECTION 8.07.         
GOVERNING LAW...............................................    A-47
SECTION 8.08.         
ASSIGNMENT..................................................    A-48
SECTION 8.09.         
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.....................................    A-48
SECTION 8.10.         
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL........................................    A-48
SECTION 8.11.         
ENFORCEMENT.................................................    A-48

                                      A-3

    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of April 13, 2001, among JONES APPAREL
GROUP, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation ("Parent"), MCN ACQUISITION CORP., a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and

MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

    
WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the Company and Sub has approved
and declared advisable, and the Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this
Agreement and the merger of the Company with and into Sub, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (such transactions or the
alternative transaction referred to in Section 1.01 being referred to
hereinafter as the "Merger"), whereby each issued and outstanding share of
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock") not directly owned by Parent, Sub or the Company (other than Appraisal
Shares (as defined in Section 2.01(b))), will be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(iii));

    WHEREAS for United States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that
the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

    WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to
prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

    
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

    SECTION 1.01.  
THE MERGER.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware ("DGCL"), the Company shall be merged with and into Sub at
the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.03).
At the Effective Time, the
separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease and Sub shall continue
as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in the Merger and
shall succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of the Company in
accordance with the DGCL.
At the election of Parent, any other direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent may be substituted for Sub as a constituent
corporation in the Merger.

    
SECTION 1.02.  
CLOSING.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take
place at 11:00 a.m., New York time, on the second business day after the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by applicable law) waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those that by their terms cannot
be satisfied until the time of the Closing), at the offices of Cravath,
Swaine & Moore, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other
time, date or place agreed to in writing by Parent and the Company; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that if all the conditions set forth in Article VI shall not have been
satisfied or (to the extent permitted by applicable law) waived on such second
business day, then the Closing will take place on the first business day on
which all such conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted
by applicable law) waived.
The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to
in this Agreement as the "Closing Date".

    SECTION 1.03.  
EFFECTIVE TIME.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, as soon as practicable after the Closing and on the
Closing Date, a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any
such case, the "Certificate of Merger") shall be duly prepared, executed and
acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
The Merger
shall become effective upon the

                                      A-4

filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware or at such subsequent time or date as Parent and the Company shall
specify in the Certificate of Merger.
The time at which the Merger becomes
effective is referred to in this Agreement as the "Effective Time".

    
SECTION 1.04.  
EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.  
The Merger shall have the effects set
forth in Section 259 of the DGCL.
Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights,
privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Sub shall be vested in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and
Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

    
SECTION 1.05.  
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS.  
(a)  The
Certificate of Incorporation of Sub as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
applicable law, except that Article I of the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation shall be amended in the Merger to read in its entirety as
follows: "The name of the corporation is McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.".

    (b)  The By-laws of Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the By-laws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law.

    
SECTION 1.06.  DIRECTORS.  
The directors of Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

    
SECTION 1.07.  OFFICERS.  
The officers of the Company immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

                                   
ARTICLE II

               CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

    SECTION 2.01.  
CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK.  
(a)  
At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of capital stock of the Company, Parent or Sub:

           (i)  CAPITAL STOCK OF SUB.  
Each issued and outstanding share of
       common stock of Sub shall remain outstanding as one fully paid and
       nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

           
(ii)  
CANCELATION OF TREASURY STOCK AND PARENT-OWNED STOCK.  
Each
       share of Company Common Stock that is directly owned by the Company (as
       treasury stock), Parent or Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
       shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist and no
       consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

           
(iii)  CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK.  
Each share of Company
       Common Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
       Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with
       Section 2.01(a)(ii) and Appraisal Shares) shall be converted into the
       right to receive the following (A) cash in an amount equal to $10.50 (the
       "Cash Portion") and (B) a number of a fully paid and nonassessable shares
       of Common Stock, par value of $0.01 per share (the "Parent Common
       Stock"), of Parent equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the
       "Stock Portion", and together with the Cash Portion, the "Merger
       Consideration").
At the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common
       Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled
       and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate that
       immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any

                                      A-5

       such shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with
       respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
       certain dividends or other distributions in accordance with
       Section 2.03(c) and any cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent
       Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e), in each case upon the
       surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.03, without
       interest.

       
"Exchange Ratio" means 0.2820, PROVIDED that if the Average Closing Price
       (as defined below) is (i) less than $29.78, then "Exchange Ratio" means
       the quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th, or if there shall not be
       a nearest 1/10,000th, the next higher 1/10,000th) obtained by dividing
       $8.40 by the Average Closing Price or (ii) greater than $44.68, then
       "Exchange Ratio" means the quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th,
       or if there shall not be a nearest 1/10,000th, the next higher
       1/10,000th) obtained by dividing $12.60 by the Average Closing Price.

    
"Average Closing Price" means the average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th,
or if there shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the
closing sale prices per share of Parent Common Stock on the New York Stock
Exchange (the "NYSE")
Composite Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street
Journal (Northeast Edition) or, if not reported therein, an another
authoritative source selected by Parent, for the five consecutive trading days
on the NYSE ending with the second trading day on the NYSE prior to the Closing
Date (excluding the Closing Date).

        (b)  APPRAISAL RIGHTS.  
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
    the contrary, shares (the "Appraisal Shares") of Company Common Stock issued
    and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held by any
    holder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such
    shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions of
    Section 262 of the DGCL ("Section 262") shall not be converted into the
    right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in
    Section 2.01(a)(iii), but instead such holder shall be entitled to payment
    of the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of
    Section 262.
At the Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares shall automatically
    be canceled and shall cease to exist or be outstanding, and each holder of
    Appraisal Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except
    the right to receive the fair value of such shares in accordance with the
    provisions of Section 262.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder
    shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right
    to appraisal under Section 262 or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
    determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by
    Section 262, then the right of such holder to be paid the fair value of such
    holder's Appraisal Shares under Section 262 shall cease to exist and such
    Appraisal Shares shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective
    Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(a)(iii).
The Company shall serve
    prompt notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal of any shares of
    Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the right to participate in and,
    subject to applicable law, direct all negotiations and proceedings with
    respect to such demands.
The Company shall not, without the prior written
    consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to
    settle, any such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.

    
SECTION 2.02.  
ANTI-DILUTION PROVISIONS.  
In the event Parent changes (or
establishes a record date for changing) the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification,
combination, exchange of shares or similar transaction with respect to the
outstanding Parent Common Stock and the record date therefor shall be prior to
the Effective Time, Parent Common Stock payable as part of the Merger
Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange
of shares or similar transaction.

                                      
A-6

    SECTION 2.03.  
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.

        
(a)  EXCHANGE AGENT.  
Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
    designate a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to
    act as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the payment of the Merger
    Consideration and shall (i) deposit in trust with the Exchange Agent as of
    the Effective Time, for the benefit of the holders of shares of Company
    Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Article II, through the
    Exchange Agent, certificates representing the shares of Parent Common Stock
    issuable as the Stock Portion of the Merger Consideration pursuant to
    Section 2.01(a)(iii) upon surrender of Certificates (as defined in
    Section 2.03(b)) and (ii) deposit, or cause the Surviving Corporation to
    deposit, in trust with the Exchange Agent, on a timely basis, as and when
    needed after the Effective Time, cash necessary to pay the Cash Portion of
    the Merger Consideration, together with certain dividends or other
    distributions to be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and any cash in
    lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock to be paid in accordance
    with Section 2.03(e), upon surrender of Certificates (such shares of Parent
    Common Stock and cash being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund").

        (b)  EXCHANGE PROCEDURE.  
As soon as reasonably practicable after the
    Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record of an
    outstanding certificate or outstanding certificates ("Certificates") which
    immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
    Company Common Stock whose shares were converted into the right to receive
    the Merger Consideration with respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.01,
    (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall
    be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates held by such
    person shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the
    Exchange Agent and shall be in customary form and have such other provisions
    as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
    the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration
    with respect thereto.
Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancelation to the
    Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by
    Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly
    executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
    Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive
    in exchange therefor (A) the amount of cash and a certificate or
    certificates representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
    that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Article II,
    (B) certain dividends and other distributions in respect of Parent Common
    Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and (C) cash in lieu of any
    fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e),
    and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.
In the event
    of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock that is not registered in
    the transfer records of the Company, the proper amount of cash and a
    certificate or certificates representing the proper number of shares of
    Parent Common Stock may be issued and paid as described in the previous
    sentence in exchange therefor to a person other than the person in whose
    name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall
    be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the
    person requesting such issuance shall pay any transfer or other taxes
    required by reason of the payment of cash and issuance of shares of Parent
    Common Stock to a person other than the registered holder of such
    Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has
    been paid or is not applicable.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this
    Section 2.03(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the
    Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender
    the Merger Consideration that the holder thereof has the right to receive
    pursuant to the provisions of this Article II, certain dividends or other
    distributions in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and any cash in lieu of any
    fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e).
    
No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any cash payable upon surrender
    of any Certificate.

                                      
A-7

        (c)  DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES.  
No dividends or
    other distributions declared or made with respect to shares of Parent Common
    Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the
    holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent
    Common Stock that such holder has the right to receive upon surrender of
    such Certificate, and no cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent
    Common Stock shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(e) to the holder
    of any unsurrendered Certificate.
Subject to the effect of applicable
    escheat or similar laws, following surrender of any such Certificate there
    shall be paid to the record holder of any certificate representing whole
    shares of Parent Common Stock representing the Stock Portion of the Merger
    Consideration issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) promptly
    after the time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other
    distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid
    with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock and the amount of
    any cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which
    such holder is entitled in accordance with Section 2.03(e) and (ii) at the
    appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions
    with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to such surrender and
    with a payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with respect to
    such whole shares of Parent Common Stock.

        
(d)  NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK.  
All cash paid
    and shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of
    Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II (including any
    cash paid pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or 2.03(e))
shall be deemed to have
    been issued and paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the
    shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificates.
At
    the close of business on the day on which the Effective Time occurs the
    stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall be no
    further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the
    Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock that were
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
If, after the Effective
    Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the
    Exchange Agent for transfer or any other reason, they shall be canceled and
    exchanged as provided in this Article II.

        (e)  NO FRACTIONAL SHARES.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this
    Agreement, Parent shall pay each holder of shares of Company Common Stock
    exchanged pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to
    receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after taking into
    account all such shares held by such holder), in lieu thereof, cash (without
    interest) in an amount (less the amount of any withholding taxes which may
    be required thereon) equal to such fractional part of a share of Parent
    Common Stock multiplied by the average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th, or
    if there shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the
    closing prices per share of Parent Common stock on the NYSE Composite
    Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast Edition)
    or, if not reported therein, an another authoritative source selected by
    Parent, for the five consecutive trading days on the NYSE immediately
    preceding the Closing Date.

        (f)  TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND.  
Any portion of the Exchange Fund
    that remains undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for twelve
    months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand,
    and any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with
    this Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for, and, subject to
    Section 2.03(g), Parent shall remain liable for, payment of their claim for
    Merger Consideration, certain dividends and other distributions in
    accordance with Section 2.03(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional share of
    Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e).

        
(g)  NO LIABILITY.  
None of Parent, Sub, the Company or the Exchange
    Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of any shares of Parent
    Common Stock (or dividends or other distributions with respect thereto) or
    cash from the Exchange Fund in each case delivered to a public official
    pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.
If
    any

                                      A-8

    Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to two years after the
    Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any
    Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or became the property of
    any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.01(d)), any such Merger
    Consideration in respect thereof shall, to the extent permitted by
    applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and
    clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

        
(h)  INVESTMENT OF EXCHANGE FUND.  
The Exchange Agent shall invest any
    cash included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by Parent, on a daily basis;
    PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such investments shall be in (i) obligations of or
    guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by the full faith and
    credit of the Unites States of America or (ii) commercial paper obligations
    rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Standard &
    Poor's Corporation, respectively.
Any interest or other income resulting
    from such investments shall be paid to Parent.

        
(i)  LOST CERTIFICATES.  
If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen
    or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
    claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required
    by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond in such
    reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity
    against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
    Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen
    or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration, certain dividends and
    other distributions in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and cash in lieu of
    any fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with
    Section 2.03(e).

        
(j)  WITHHOLDING RIGHTS.  
Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent shall be
    entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable
    pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock
    such amounts as Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent is required to deduct and
    withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any
    other provision of domestic or foreign (whether national, federal, state,
    provincial, local or otherwise) tax law.
To the extent that amounts are so
    withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, Sub or
    the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
    of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company
    Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
    Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent.

    
SECTION 2.04.  
ADJUSTMENT.  
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, if, by reason of the amount of cash to be paid to holders of
shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to this Article II, the opinions of
counsel referred to in Sections 6.02(g) and 6.03(c) would not be delivered,
then:

        (a) the Cash Portion shall be reduced by the minimum amount necessary to
    enable such opinions of counsel to be delivered, and all references in this
    Agreement to "Cash Portion" shall mean the Cash Portion as so decreased; and

        (b) the Exchange Ratio shall be increased by the quotient of (A) the
    reduction of the Cash Portion pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 2.04
    and (B) the volume weighted average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th, or if
    there shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the
    trading prices per share of Parent Common Stock on the NYSE Composite
    Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast Edition)
    or, if not reported therein, an another authoritative source selected by
    Parent, for the trading day on the NYSE immediately preceding the Closing
    Date, and all references in this Agreement to "Exchange Ratio" shall mean
    the Exchange Ratio as so increased.

                                      
A-9

                                  ARTICLE III

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    SECTION 3.01.  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.  
Except as set
forth on the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the Section or
Subsection of this Agreement to which the information stated in such disclosure
relates, with such disclosure to be applicable to other Sections or Subsections
of this Agreement to the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make
its relevance to the information called for by such other Section or Subsections
readily apparent) delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the execution of
this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

        (a)  ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER.  
Each of the Company and its
    subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.03) (i) is duly organized, validly
    existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
    organization, (ii) has all requisite corporate, company or partnership power
    and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted and (iii) is
    duly qualified or licensed to do business (in the case of Miss Erika, Inc.
    in the State of New Jersey, under the name ME Acquisition Corp.) and is in
    good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or
    the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary, other than (except in the case of
    clause (i) above with respect to the Company) where the failure to be so
    organized, existing, qualified or licensed or in good standing individually
    or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect (as defined in Section 8.03) on the Company.
The Company has
    made available to Parent true and complete copies of its Certificate of
    Incorporation and By-laws and the certificate of incorporation and by-laws
    (or similar organizational documents) of each of its subsidiaries, in each
    case as amended to the date of this Agreement.
The Company has made
    available to Parent and its representatives true and complete copies of the
    minutes (or, in the case of minutes that have not yet been finalized, drafts
    thereof) of all meetings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and
    each committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and each of its
    subsidiaries held since January 1, 1998.

        (b)  SUBSIDIARIES.  
Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
    lists each subsidiary of the Company.
All the outstanding shares of capital
    stock or other equity or voting interests of each such subsidiary are owned
    by the Company, by another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or by the
    Company and another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, free and clear
    of all pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests
    of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"), except Liens in
    favor of the lenders arising under the Second Amended and Restated Financing
    Agreement dated as of November 29, 2000 (the "Financing Agreement") among
    the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, The CIT Group/Commercial
    Services Inc., as administrative agent, and certain other agents and lenders
    party thereto, and are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable.
Except for the capital stock of, or other equity or voting
    interests in, its subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or
    indirectly, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in,
    any person.

        
(c)  CAPITAL STRUCTURE.  