URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1123337/000095017001000170/0000950170-01-000170.txt

Background of the Merger

     During the last several years, Mediconsult has held conversations with a
number of companies to evaluate possible business combinations or strategic
alliances.
In the third quarter of 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors
began considering alternatives to maximize stockholder value and raise
additional capital.

     
Mediconsult's advisors contacted a number of companies that they and
Mediconsult had identified as candidates for a possible business combination or
strategic alliance with Mediconsult.
In the last week of August 2000, Robert A.
Jennings, the then Chairman of Mediconsult, received an indication of interest
from a third party regarding a possible strategic transaction or business
combination between the two companies.

     
Beginning the first week in September 2000, Ian Sutcliffe, Chief Executive
Officer of Mediconsult, and E. Michael Ingram, Chief Financial Officer of
Mediconsult, had several telephone conversations with the senior management of
the third party who had expressed an interest in Mediconsult to explore the
possibility of a strategic transaction between the companies.

     
An initial meeting with senior management of this third party was held on
Monday, September 18, 2000, to discuss potential terms for a transaction
between the two companies.
Meetings between the two parties continued through
the balance of September and into October 2000.

     
On October 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss possible strategic transactions.
At the meeting, Mr. Ingram
disclosed that Mediconsult had been approached by a third party about a
possible transaction between the two companies, a nondisclosure agreement had
been signed by the two companies and due diligence on the third party had
begun.

     
At the October 4, 2000 board meeting, Mr. Ingram informed the board of
directors that Mediconsult and its advisors had contacted several other parties
that might be interested in participating in a transaction with Mediconsult.

After contacting the parties, Mediconsult received five responses, of which two
parties declined to engage in discussions.
During October, Mediconsult's
management met with three of the parties.

     
On October 9, 2000, an initial meeting was held with Timothy Nolan,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Cybear Inc., Andrx Corporation's
wholly-owned subsidiary.
Attending for Mediconsult were Messrs. Sutcliffe and
Ingram.
This meeting was followed by subsequent meetings in

October and November 2000, attended by additional members of the Cybear and
Mediconsult senior management teams, including complete mutual due diligence
and presentations of corporate strategies and financial plans.

     
On October 24, 2000, Mediconsult engaged McFarland Dewey as its financial
advisor.

     
On November 2, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss the status of any possible strategic transactions.
During
the meeting, Mr. Sutcliffe reported that after exploring options with a number
of potential parties, he believed that only the third party who had approached
Mediconsult in August presented a viable alternative at that time.

Mediconsult's senior management and legal advisors then presented the principal
terms of the proposed combination with the third party who had approached
Mediconsult in August to its board of directors for discussion.

     
In the first week of December 2000, Andrx Corporation, via Cybear Inc.,
submitted a proposal to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of
Mediconsult in a stock-for-stock acquisition, or a tax-free exchange offer, in
exchange for Cybear tracking stock.
On December 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board
of directors held a special meeting to discuss the terms of Cybear's proposal
with Mediconsult's senior management and legal and financial advisors.
After
some discussion, the Mediconsult board of directors proposed several
modifications to Cybear's proposal.
On December 6, 2000, a term sheet was
signed, including a 21-day exclusivity period.

     
On December 8, 2000, Andrx Corporation submitted a draft merger agreement
to Mediconsult.
Over the course of the next month, representatives of Andrx
Corporation and Mediconsult and their respective advisors completed their due
diligence investigations and proceeded to negotiate the terms of the final
merger agreement.

     
On January 3, 2001, senior executives of both Andrx Corporation and Cybear
made a presentation to the Mediconsult board of directors regarding each of
their respective businesses and the possible benefits of combining Mediconsult
and Cybear.

     
On January 4, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss with its financial and legal advisors the details of the
proposed transaction with Cybear, including the consideration of 43%-45% of the
outstanding Cybear tracking stock to be received by Mediconsult's stockholders,
management and certain of Mediconsult's debtors after the merger and a brief
outline of the terms of the $2,000,000 of interim financing that Cybear agreed
to provide to fund Mediconsult's operating costs between the signing and
closing of the proposed transaction.
In addition, representatives of Covington
& Burling, Mediconsult's outside legal advisors, made a presentation to the
Mediconsult board of directors regarding their legal due diligence on Cybear
and Andrx Corporation and representatives of McFarland Dewey, financial
advisors to Mediconsult, made a presentation regarding their analysis of the
financial terms of proposed transaction and discussed the results of the
negotiations with the two companies.

     
On January 9, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to vote on the proposed transaction with Andrx Corporation and Cybear.

At this meeting, Mr. Ingram summarized the principal terms of the merger
agreement, including the credit agreement and related loan documents.
McFarland
Dewey then followed up with a brief review of the presentation they made to the
Mediconsult board of directors at the January 4, 2001 meeting and expressed its
opinion that the exchange ratio was fair to the holders of Mediconsult common
stock, from a financial point of view.
Following these presentations and
discussions, the Mediconsult board of directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement.
After the close of business that day, Andrx Corporation and
Mediconsult executed the merger agreement and issued a joint press release
announcing the merger on the morning of January 10, 2001.


Opinion of Mediconsult's Financial Advisor

     The board of directors of Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey to deliver
an opinion in connection with the merger.
On January 9, 2001, McFarland Dewey
delivered to the Mediconsult

board of directors an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated January 9, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date, and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in the opinion,
the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Mediconsult shares.

     
The full text of the definitive written McFarland Dewey opinion, dated
January 9, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, the procedures
followed, the matters considered and the limitations on the scope of the review
undertaken by McFarland Dewey in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex B
to this proxy statement/prospectus.
Mediconsult's stockholders are urged to
read the McFarland Dewey opinion carefully and in its entirety.
The summary of
the McFarland Dewey opinion set forth in this proxy statement/prospectus is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

Mediconsult's stockholders should note that:

   o
The opinion does not address the merits of the underlying decision of the
     Mediconsult board of directors to proceed with or effect the merger and
     does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
     stockholder should vote with respect to the merger agreement.

   
o McFarland Dewey was not engaged by Mediconsult to participate in or
     advise with respect to the negotiation of the terms of the merger or any
     other alternative transaction and has not done so.
Without limiting the
     foregoing, although in connection with the preparation of the opinion,
     McFarland Dewey did not assist Mediconsult in soliciting indications of
     interest from third parties for the acquisition of Mediconsult, McFarland
     Dewey considered the limited market check conducted by Mediconsult's
     previous financial advisor.

   
o McFarland Dewey does not express an opinion as to the terms of any
     transaction related to or ancillary to the merger, financial or otherwise,
     such as the financings contemplated by Mediconsult in the form of loan(s)
     from Cybear in connection with the merger.

     
The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete description
of the analyses underlying the McFarland Dewey opinion or the presentation made
by McFarland Dewey to the Mediconsult board of directors.
The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various determinations
as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore,
such an opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.
In arriving at its opinion, McFarland Dewey did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor.
Accordingly, McFarland Dewey believes that its analysis must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analysis, without
considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion.

     
In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of McFarland
Dewey, Mediconsult, Cybear or Andrx Corporation.
Any estimates contained in the
analyses performed by McFarland Dewey are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than suggested by such analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of
businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which such businesses or securities might actually be sold.

Accordingly, such analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty.
In addition, as described above, the McFarland Dewey opinion was
among several factors taken into consideration by the Mediconsult board of
directors in making its determination to approve the merger.
Consequently, the
McFarland Dewey analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative

of the decision of the Mediconsult board of directors or Mediconsult's
management with respect to the fairness of the exchange ratio of the merger.

     
In arriving at its opinion, McFarland Dewey, among other things:

   o reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
     relating to Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear which McFarland
     Dewey deemed to be relevant;

   o reviewed certain confidential information, including financial forecasts
     furnished to McFarland Dewey by Mediconsult, relating to the business,
     earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of each of
     Mediconsult and Cybear;

   o conducted discussions with members of senior management and
     representatives of Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear concerning
     the matters described in the clauses above, as well as their respective
     businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to the merger;

     o visited the facilities of both Mediconsult and Cybear;

   o reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for Mediconsult shares
     of outstanding common stock and Cybear shares of outstanding tracking
     stock and compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies
     which McFarland Dewey deemed to be relevant;

   o reviewed the results of operations of Mediconsult and Cybear and compared
     them with those of certain publicly traded companies which McFarland Dewey
     deemed to be relevant;

   o compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
     terms of certain other transactions which McFarland Dewey deemed to be
     relevant;

   o reviewed the impact of the merger on the combined company which reflected
     the impact of purchase accounting;

     o reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated January 5, 2001; and

   o reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into account
     such other matters as McFarland Dewey deemed relevant, including McFarland
     Dewey's assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

     
In preparing its opinion, McFarland Dewey assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to McFarland Dewey, discussed with or reviewed by McFarland Dewey, or
publicly available.
McFarland Dewey did not assume any responsibility for
independently verifying such information.
McFarland Dewey has not undertaken an
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of
Mediconsult or Cybear or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.

     
Additionally, McFarland Dewey assumed that:

   o Mediconsult would be unable to secure alternative financing in sufficient
     time to provide working capital to continue operations, and that if such
     financing was not obtained, Mediconsult would be unable to continue as a
     going concern in the absence of the consummation of the merger and would
     likely seek protection from creditors under the bankruptcy laws;

   o based on time constraints and Mediconsult's current circumstances, the
     merger is the best available transaction or course of action practically
     available that would address Mediconsult's liquidity and other financial
     concerns;

   o the information furnished to or discussed with McFarland Dewey by
     Mediconsult or Cybear has been prepared on a reasonable basis in
     accordance with industry practice and, with respect to financial planning
     data, reflects the best currently available estimates and judgment of
     Mediconsult's or Cybear's management as to the expected future financial
     performance of Mediconsult or Cybear, and that the management of
     Mediconsult or Cybear is not aware of any information or facts that would
     make the information provided to McFarland Dewey incomplete or misleading;

   o there have been no material changes in Mediconsult's assets, financial
     condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the date of
     the last financial statements or information made available to McFarland
     Dewey;

   o the merger will be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted
     accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free
     reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

   o that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially
     similar to the last draft reviewed by McFarland Dewey.

     
The McFarland Dewey opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of
such opinion.
Other than as set forth in the draft merger agreement reviewed by
McFarland Dewey, McFarland Dewey assumed that no material third party approvals
regarding Mediconsult or Cybear with respect to any contracts or otherwise will
be necessary.

     
McFarland Dewey reviewed and analyzed the proposed terms of the merger,
and observed that:

     o Following the merger, Mediconsult would be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Andrx Corporation;

   o
As a result of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of common
     stock of Mediconsult would be converted into the right to receive 0.1430
     shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to the adjustment provided for in
     the merger agreement.
If the maximum adjustment was made, the exchange
     ratio would be reduced to 0.1144.

     
o Mediconsult had negative working capital of approximately $7,179,000 as
     of December 31, 2000;

   o Upon signing of the merger agreement, Cybear agreed to loan Mediconsult
     up to $2,000,000 with a maturity date of July 15, 2001;

   o Mediconsult's shares of common stock outstanding as of the consummation
     of the merger will increase to approximately 82,056,000 shares due to the
     conversion of existing Mediconsult liabilities to common stock; and

   o Total transaction value, based on 82,056,000 shares of outstanding
     Mediconsult common stock, was approximately $6,556,000.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses prepared by
McFarland Dewey in connection with the rendering of the McFarland Dewey
opinion.

     
Stock Price History.
To provide contextual data and comparative market
data, McFarland Dewey examined the history of the trading prices for both
Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult common stock and their relative
relationships to each other for the latest twelve months and compared the
results to the NASDAQ Index and S & P 500 Index.
This information was prepared
solely to provide background information regarding the stock prices of
Mediconsult and Cybear over the periods indicated below as both companies
similarly under-performed the two indices.

     
Comparison of Selected Comparable Companies.
McFarland Dewey compared the
trading multiples for Mediconsult to corresponding multiples of a select group
of e-health companies

consisting of Allscripts Inc, drkoop.com Inc., Drugstore.com Inc,
HealthCentral.com, HealthGate Data Corporation, Healthstream Inc,
Medicalogic/Medscape Inc, PlanetRX.com, Sciquest.com Inc, WebMD Corporation,
and Cybear.
Based on its analysis, McFarland Dewey derived a summary reference
range of implied enterprise values of Mediconsult.

     
The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's company
comparable analyses.

                                            
Implied Mediconsult
                                                 Multiple                   Comparable Company Multiples
                                          -----------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                                                                          Adjusted
                                              Low         High        Low      Median     Average        High
                                          ----------   ----------   -------   
--------   ---------   -----------

Exchange Ratio                              0.1144       0.1430
- ---------------------------------------     ------       ------
Transaction Value/Book Value ..........       0.04x        0.05x    0.05x      0.22x        0.27x       290.94x
Transaction Value/LTM Revenue .........       
0.30x        0.33x    0.26x      1.20x        1.78x         7.83x
Transaction Value/Last QTR
 Annualized ...........................       0.23x        0.25x    0.22x      0.79x        1.52x         6.96x
Revenue ...............................

Transaction Value/Estimated 2000
 Revenue ..............................       
0.29x        0.32x    0.21x      0.74x        1.39x         5.47x
Transaction Value/Estimated 2001
 Revenue ..............................       
0.31x        0.34x    0.12x      0.32x        0.60x         3.06x

     The analysis indicated that, with the exception of Transaction Value to
Book Value, Mediconsult's implied multiples exceeded the low end of the range
of comparable multiples but were well below the adjusted average and median
multiples.
None of the comparable companies is identical to Mediconsult.

Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that could
ultimately affect the value of Mediconsult.

     
Analysis of Selected Comparable Transactions.
McFarland Dewey reviewed
certain publicly available information regarding fifty-four select e-health
related acquisitions and calculated transaction value to last twelve months
sales multiples for such transactions.
Due to the significant downturn in the
public markets at the end of March 2000, the fifty-four transactions were
separated into two groups; pre- and post-market downturn.
Based on
Mediconsult's last twelve months negative EBIT and net income, McFarland Dewey
did not consider EBIT and net income to be a useful comparison.

     
The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's analysis
of transactions comparable to the merger.

                                                
Implied Mediconsult
                                                     Multiple                 Comparable Transaction Multiples
                                              -----------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                                                                              Adjusted
                                                  Low         High        Low      Median     Average        High
                                              ----------   
----------   -------   --------   ---------   
-----------

Exchange Ratio                                  0.1144       0.1430
- -------------------------------------------     ------       ------
Transaction Value to LTM Sales:
Pre-April Public Market Downturn ..........       
0.30x        0.33x    0.77x      6.05x       6.67x         32.23x
Post-April Public Market Downturn .........       0.30x        0.33x    0.95x      4.28x       4.83x        116.01x

     The analysis indicated that Mediconsult's implied multiples were below the
low end of the range of comparable multiples.
No company or transaction used in
the above analysis as a comparison was identical to Mediconsult.
Accordingly,
an analysis of the results of the comparison is not purely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
historical and projected financial and operating characteristics of the
comparable acquired companies and other factors that could affect the
acquisition value of such companies and Mediconsult.

     
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
As the future viability of Mediconsult as a
going concern is assumed to be in question beyond March 2001, McFarland Dewey
believes that a discounted cash flow analysis would not be a meaningful measure
of value or reference for comparative value.

     
Earnings Per Share Analysis And Balance Sheet Effect.
McFarland Dewey
reviewed the accretion or dilution that the merger would have on pro forma
earnings per share indicated by the projections prepared by the managements of
Mediconsult and Cybear and by the total annual expense reduction for the fiscal
year 2001, resulting from the merger.
McFarland Dewey also reviewed the impact
that the merger would have on the projected pro forma balance sheet.

     
McFarland Dewey has, in the past, provided financial advisory services to
Mediconsult in connection with its merger with Physicians' Online as well as in
connection with other transactions and received compensation for such services.

Pursuant to a letter dated December 26, 2000, Mediconsult has agreed to pay
McFarland Dewey a cash fee of $250,000 and 500,000 shares of Mediconsult common
stock upon the rendering of the fairness opinion.
McFarland Dewey may provide
such services to the surviving corporation in the merger and/or its affiliates
and may receive fees for the rendering of such services.

     
Additionally, Mediconsult agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
fees and disbursements of its legal counsel.
Mediconsult has also agreed to
indemnify McFarland Dewey and certain related persons for certain liabilities
related to or arising out of its engagement, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

     
Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey based upon McFarland Dewey's
experience and expertise.
McFarland Dewey, as part of its investment banking
business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, competitive bids, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.


Recommendation of Mediconsult's Board of Directors

     Mediconsult's board of directors believes that the merger is advisable,
fair to and in the best interests of Mediconsult and its stockholders and
unanimously recommends to its stockholders that they vote "FOR" the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement.


Interests of Certain Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger

     Other than as described herein, no director or executive officer of
Mediconsult, and no associate of any such person, has any substantial interest,
direct or indirect, in the merger, other than an interest arising from the
ownership of Mediconsult common stock, in which case the director or officer
receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all
other holders of Mediconsult common stock.

     
Certain members of Mediconsult's management and board of directors may be
deemed to have interests in the merger in addition to their interests as
stockholders of Mediconsult generally.
In each case, the Mediconsult board of
directors either was aware of these factors or, with respect to interests that
arose subsequent to the signing of the merger agreement, was aware of their
potential, and considered them, among other matters, in approving the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

     
Indemnification.
The merger agreement provides that Andrx Corporation
shall for a period of four years after the effective time of the merger
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, each present and former director, officer, employee, trustee
and agent of Mediconsult or any of its subsidiaries, including each person
controlling any of the foregoing persons, for any acts or omissions, or alleged
acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such to

the extent they were indemnified by Mediconsult on the date of the merger
agreement.
Andrx Corporation shall also maintain Mediconsult's existing
directors' and officers' liability insurance policies, or policies providing
terms at least as favorable as the existing policies, for a period of four
years after the effective time of the merger.


Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock

     Under Andrx Corporation's current capital structure, there are two classes
of common stock-- Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.
Specifically,
the Cybear tracking stock is common stock of Andrx that, unlike typical common
stock, is designed to track the financial performance of a specific group of
Andrx Corporation's business operations and related allocated assets, rather
than operations and assets of the entire company.
For instance, operations and
assets dedicated to Andrx Corporation's Internet assets are referred to as
Cybear.
Therefore, the Cybear tracking stock is not stock of Cybear, but rather
a class of Andrx Corporation's common stock containing special provisions
intended to tie the value of that stock primarily to the operations and assets
that it attributes to Cybear.

     
The chief mechanism intended to cause the Cybear tracking stock to "track"
the financial performance of Cybear are special provisions in Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation governing dividends and
distributions.
The provisions governing dividends provide that Andrx
Corporation's board of directors has discretion to decide if and when to
declare dividends subject to certain limitations.
Those limitations are
dependent, in part, upon the excess of earnings and paid-in capital or of the
fair value of the net assets allocated to Cybear over the outstanding Cybear
tracking stock's combined par value and amounts needed to satisfy preferences
and debt obligations allocated to the related division.
Within these and other,
general limitations under the certificate of incorporation and Delaware law,
the amount of any dividend payment will be at the Andrx Corporation's board of
directors' discretion.
When deciding whether to declare a dividend, and for how
much, the board of directors would consider, among other things, the earnings,
financial condition, capital requirements and level of indebtedness of Andrx or
Cybear, as the case may be.
To date, Andrx Corporation has never paid or
declared a cash dividend on shares of any of its series of common stock, nor
does Andrx Corporation anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future.
Unless
declared, dividends do not accrue on the Cybear tracking stock.

     
Andrx Corporation aids investors in evaluating the net worth and earnings
performance of each of its groups by:

     o defining in its certificate of incorporation, those assets that will
initially comprise the group; and

   o publishing quarterly financial statements that break out the assets and
     liabilities and results of operations of each group for the reported
     periods.


The financial statements include audited annual and unaudited quarterly
financial statements and separate management's discussions and analysis for
each group division and Andrx Corporation.
Andrx Corporation manages and
accounts for transactions between the groups and with third parties, and any
resulting re-allocations of assets and liabilities, by applying consistently
between the groups a detailed set of policies established by its board of
directors.
The policies appear in Annex D of this proxy statement/prospectus.

With some exceptions contained in the policies, Andrx Corporation's board of
directors retains the discretion to revise the policies at any time, subject to
its fiduciary duties to stockholders.

     
The separate financial statements do not represent any physical
segregation of assets among divisions or separate division accounts.
They are
an accounting presentation only, for the purpose of permitting investors to
assess the financial performance of the operations and assets allocated to each
group.

     
While the common stocks are designed to reflect a group's performance,
they remain common stocks of the entire company.
Therefore, a holder of Cybear
tracking stock is a common stockholder

subject to the risks of investing in the business, assets and liabilities of
Andrx Corporation as a whole.
For instance, the assets allocated to any group
are nonetheless subject to company-wide claims of creditors, product liability
plaintiffs and stockholder litigation.
Also, in the event of Andrx
Corporation's liquidation, insolvency or similar event, a holder of Andrx
Corporation common stock would have no direct claim against the assets
allocated to the corresponding tracked group; a holder of common stock would
only have the rights of a common stockholder in the combined assets of Andrx
Corporation, subject also to Andrx Corporation's allocation of liquidation
units as discussed below under the heading "Liquidation."

     If the merger is approved, you will be exchanging your Mediconsult common
stock for Cybear tracking stock.
A summary of the material terms of the Andrx
capital stock is set forth below.
The summary is not complete.
We encourage you
to read the certificate of incorporation which is attached as Annex C.

Authorized and Outstanding Shares

     The certificate of incorporation authorizes Andrx Corporation to issue
151,000,000 shares of capital stock as follows: 100,000,000 shares of a class
of common stock, designated as Andrx common stock, 50,000,000 shares of a class
of common stock, designated as Cybear tracking stock, and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock.
Shares of each class of stock will have a par value of $0.001
per share.
The board of directors will be able to issue shares of preferred
stock in series, without stockholder approval.
As of February 9, 2001,
69,642,251 shares of Andrx common stock, 15,207,250 shares of the Cybear
tracking stock, and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding.


Dividends

     Dividends on the Andrx common stock and dividends on the Cybear tracking
stock are limited to an amount not greater than the Available Dividend Amount
as defined in the certificate of incorporation for the relevant group.

     
Delaware law limits the amount of distributions on capital stock to the
legally available funds, which are determined on the basis of the entire
company, and not only the respective groups.
As a result, the amount of legally
available funds will reflect the amount of any net losses of each group, any
distributions on Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or any preferred
stock and any repurchases of Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or
certain preferred stock.
Dividend payments on the Andrx common stock and on the
Cybear tracking stock could be precluded because legally available funds are
not available under Delaware law, even though the Available Dividend Amount
test for the particular relevant group was met.
Andrx Corporation cannot assure
stockholders that there will be an Available Dividend Amount for either group.

     
Subject to the prior payment of dividends on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock and the limitations described above, the board of directors is
able, in its sole discretion, to declare and pay dividends exclusively on the
Andrx common stock, exclusively on the Cybear tracking stock or on both, in
equal or unequal amounts.
In making its dividend decisions, the board of
directors will not be required to take into account the relative Available
Dividend Amounts for the two groups, the amount of prior dividends declared on
either class, the respective voting or liquidation rights of either class or
any other factor.


Conversion and Redemption

     The certificate of incorporation permits the conversion or redemption of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.

     
Mandatory Dividend, Redemption or Conversion of Common Stock
If
Disposition of Cybear Assets Occurs.
If Andrx Corporation sells, transfers,
assigns or otherwise disposes of, in one

transaction or a series of related transactions, all or substantially all of
the properties and assets attributed to Cybear, Andrx Corporation is required,
except as described below, to:

   o pay a dividend in cash and/or securities or other property to the holders
     of the Cybear tracking stock having a fair value equal to the net proceeds
     of the disposition;

   o if the disposition involves all, but not merely substantially all, of
     such properties and assets, redeem all outstanding shares of the Cybear
     tracking stock for cash and/or securities or other property having a fair
     value equal to the net proceeds of the disposition;

   o if the disposition involves substantially all, but not all, of such
     properties and assets, redeem or exchange that number of whole shares of
     the class of Cybear tracking stock as have in the aggregate an average
     market value, during the period of ten consecutive trading days beginning
     on the 26th trading day immediately succeeding the consummation date,
     closest to the net proceeds of the disposition; and the redemption price
     will be cash and/or securities or other property having a fair value equal
     to such net proceeds; or

   o convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock to a number of
     shares of Andrx common stock equal to 110% of the ratio of the average
     market value of one share of Cybear tracking stock to the average market
     value of one share of Andrx common stock during the 10-trading day period
     beginning on the 26th trading day following the disposition date.

     
Andrx Corporation may only pay a dividend or redeem shares of common stock
as set forth above if it has legally available funds under Delaware law and the
amount to be paid to holders is less than or equal to the Available Dividend
Amount for the Cybear Group.
Andrx Corporation is required to pay this dividend
or complete a redemption or conversion on or prior to the 95th trading day
following the disposition.

     
For purposes of determining whether a disposition has occurred,
"substantially all of the properties and assets" attributed to Cybear means a
portion of such properties and assets:

   o that represents at least 80% of the then fair value of the properties and
     assets attributed to Cybear; or

   o from which were derived at least 80% of the aggregate revenues of Cybear
     for the immediately preceding 12 fiscal quarterly periods.

     
The "net proceeds" of a disposition means an amount equal to what remains
of the gross proceeds of the disposition after any payment of, or reasonable
provision is made as determined by the board of directors for:

   o any taxes payable by Andrx Corporation or which would have been payable
     but for the utilization of tax benefits attributable to Andrx, in respect
     of the disposition or in respect of any resulting dividend or redemption;

   o any transaction costs, including, without limitation, any legal,
     investment banking and accounting fees and expenses; and

   o any liabilities of or attributed to Cybear, including, without
     limitation, any liabilities for deferred taxes, any indemnity or guarantee
     obligations incurred in connection with the disposition or otherwise, any
     liabilities for future purchase price adjustments and any preferential
     amounts plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends in respect of the
     preferred stock attributed to Cybear.

     
Andrx Corporation may elect to pay the dividend or redemption price in
connection with a disposition either in the same form as the proceeds of the
disposition were received or in any other

combination of cash, securities or other property that the Andrx Corporation
board of directors determines will have an aggregate market value of not less
than the fair value of the net proceeds.

     
The following illustration demonstrates the provisions requiring a
mandatory dividend, redemption or conversion if a disposition occurs.
If:

   o 60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares of Cybear
     tracking stock were outstanding,

   o the net proceeds of the disposition of substantially all, but not all, of
     the assets of Cybear equals $50 million,

   o the average market value of the Cybear tracking stock during the
     10-trading day valuation period was $2 per share and

   o the average market value of the Andrx common stock during the same
     valuation period was $100 per share,

then Andrx Corporation could do any of the following:

     (1) pay a dividend to the holders of shares of Cybear tracking stock equal
to:

                 net proceeds                 =     $50 million      =     $1.66 per share
- -------------------------------------------         --------------
       number of outstanding shares of               30 million
            Cybear tracking stock

     (2) redeem for $2 per share a number of shares of Cybear tracking stock
equal to:

         net proceeds         =     $50 million      =     25,000,000 shares
- ---------------------------         --------------
   average market value of            2 million
    Cybear tracking stock

     (3) convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock into a number
of shares of Andrx common stock equal to:

            Average market value of
  1.1 x      Cybear tracking stock      =     1.1 x     $  2 per share     =     0.022 shares
            -------------------------                   ----------------
            Average market value of                     $100 per share
               Andrx common stock

     Exceptions to the Dividend, Redemption or Conversion Requirement if a
Disposition Occurs.  
Andrx Corporation is not required to take any of the above
actions for any disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and
assets of Cybear in a transaction or series of related transactions that
results in Andrx Corporation receiving for such properties and assets primarily
equity securities of any entity which:

   o acquires such properties or assets or succeeds to the business conducted
     with such properties or assets or controls such acquiror or successor; and

   o is primarily engaged or proposes to engage primarily in one or more
     businesses similar or complementary to the businesses conducted by Cybear
     prior to the disposition, as determined by the board of directors.

     
The purpose of this exception is to enable Andrx Corporation technically
to "dispose" of properties or assets of Cybear to other entities engaged or
proposing to engage in businesses similar or complementary to those of Cybear
without requiring a dividend on, or a conversion or redemption

of, Cybear tracking stock, so long as Andrx Corporation holds an equity
interest in that entity.
A joint venture in which Andrx Corporation owns a
direct or indirect equity interest is an example of such an acquiror.
Andrx
Corporation is not required to control that entity, whether by ownership or
contract provisions.

     
Andrx Corporation is also not required to effect a dividend, redemption or
conversion if the disposition is:

   o of all or substantially all of its properties and assets in one
     transaction or a series of related transactions in connection with its
     dissolution, liquidation or winding up and the distribution of its assets
     to stockholders;

   o on a pro rata basis, such as in a spin-off, to the holders of all
     outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock; or

     o made to any person or entity controlled by it, as determined by the
board of directors.

     
Notices If Disposition of Group Assets Occurs.
Not later than the 20th
trading day after the consummation of a disposition, Andrx Corporation will
announce publicly by press release:

     o the estimated net proceeds of the disposition;

     
o the number of outstanding shares of the Cybear tracking stock; and

   o the number of shares of Cybear tracking stock into or for which
     convertible securities are then convertible, exchangeable or exercisable
     and the conversion, exchange or exercise price thereof.

     
Not earlier than the 36th trading day and not later than the 40th trading
day after the consummation of the disposition, Andrx Corporation will announce
publicly by press release whether it will pay a dividend or redeem shares of
common stock with the net proceeds of the disposition or convert the Cybear
tracking stock into the Andrx common stock.

     
Andrx Corporation is required to cause to be mailed to each holder of
shares of the Cybear tracking stock the additional notices and other
information required by the certificate of incorporation.

     
Conversion of Cybear Tracking Stock at Andrx Corporation's Option at Any
Time.
The Andrx Corporation board of directors may at any time after September
8, 2001, or at any time after a tax event occurs, convert each share of Cybear
tracking stock into a number of shares of Andrx common stock equal to a
percentage as set forth below of the ratio of the average market values of the
Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx common stock over a 20-trading day period.

 
Any conversion date occurring after the following   Percentage of market value ratio of
 anniversary of the September 2000 reorganization    Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx
 and on or prior to the next such anniversary        common stock
- ---------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
 First ...........................................                   125%
 Second ..........................................                   120%
 Third ...........................................                   115%
 Fourth and Thereafter ...........................                   110%

     Andrx Corporation will calculate the ratio as of the fifth trading day
prior to the date it mails the conversion notice to holders.
However, if a tax
event occurs at any time subsequent to the effective date, a factor of 100%
rather than the above percentages will be applied to the ratio of the average
market values.
This means that the holders of the Cybear tracking stock will
not receive any premium in such conversion.

     
"Tax event" means the receipt by Andrx Corporation of an opinion of its
tax advisors that, as a result of:

   o any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations interpreting such
     laws of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing
     authority, including any announced proposed change by an applicable
     legislative committee or its chair in such laws or by an administrative
     agency in such regulations, or

   o any official or administrative pronouncement, action or judicial decision
     interpreting or applying such laws or regulations,

it is more likely than not that for United States federal income tax purposes:

   o Andrx Corporation or its stockholders are, or, at any time in the future,
     will be subject to tax upon the issuance of shares of either Andrx common
     stock or Cybear tracking stock, or

   o Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock is not or, at any time in the
     future, will not be treated solely as stock of Andrx Corporation.

     
These provisions allow Andrx Corporation the flexibility to recapitalize
the two classes of common stock into one class of common stock that would,
after such reorganization, represent an equity interest in all of its
businesses.
The optional conversion or redemption could be exercised at any
future time if the Andrx Corporation board of directors determines that, under
the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure consisting of
two classes of common stock was no longer in the best interests of all of its
stockholders.
Such exchange could be exercised, however, at a time that is
disadvantageous to the holders of one of the classes of common stock.

     
Many factors could affect the market values of the Andrx common stock or
the Cybear tracking stock, including the results of operations of Andrx
Corporation and those of each of the groups, trading volume and general
economic and market conditions.
Market values could also be affected by
decisions by the board of directors or management that investors perceive to
affect differently one class of common stock compared to the other.
These
decisions could include changes to the management and allocation policies,
transfers of assets between groups, allocations of corporate opportunities and
financing resources between the groups and changes in dividend policies.

     
The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number of
shares issuable upon conversion of Cybear tracking stock into shares of Andrx
common stock at Andrx Corporation's option between the second and third
anniversaries of the reorganization.
If:

     o a tax event has not occurred,

   o 30 million shares of Cybear tracking stock and 60 million shares of Andrx
     common stock were outstanding immediately prior to a conversion,

   o the average market value of one share of the Cybear tracking stock over
     the 10-trading day valuation period was $2, and

   o the average market value of one share of Andrx common stock over the same
     valuation period was $100, then each share of Cybear tracking stock could
     be converted into 0.02 shares of Andrx common stock based on the following
     calculation:

  1.2 x     $  2      =     0.02 shares
            ----
            $100

     Redemption in Exchange for Stock of Subsidiary.
The Andrx Corporation
board of directors may redeem on a pro rata basis all of the outstanding shares
of Andrx common stock or Cybear

tracking stock for shares of the common stock of one or more of its
wholly-owned subsidiaries which own all of the assets and liabilities
attributed to the relevant group.
If at the time of any such redemption of
Andrx common stock, Andrx is entitled to Number of Cybear Designated Shares, as
defined in the certificate of incorporation, it will also issue an equal number
of shares of Cybear tracking stock either to (1) the holders of the Andrx
common stock or (2) one or more of those Andrx Corporation subsidiaries.
Andrx
Corporation may redeem shares of common stock for subsidiary stock only if it
has legally available funds under Delaware law.

     
These provisions are intended to give Andrx Corporation increased
flexibility with respect to spinning-off the assets of one of the groups by
transferring the assets of that group to one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries
and redeeming the shares of common stock related to that group in exchange for
stock of such subsidiary or subsidiaries.
As a result of any such redemption,
holders of each class of common stock would hold securities of separate legal
entities operating in distinct lines of business.
Such a redemption could be
authorized by the board of directors at any time in the future if it determines
that, under the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure
comprised of the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock is no longer
in the best interests of all of the stockholders as a whole.

     
Selection of Shares for Redemption.
If less than all of the outstanding
shares of a class of common stock are to be redeemed, Andrx Corporation will
redeem such shares proportionately from among the holders of outstanding shares
of such common stock or by such method as may be determined by its board of
directors to be equitable.

     
Fractional Interests; Transfer Taxes.
Andrx Corporation will not be
required to issue fractional shares of any capital stock or any fractional
securities to any holder of either class of common stock upon any conversion,
redemption, dividend or other distribution described above.
If a fraction is
not issued to a holder, Andrx Corporation will pay cash instead of such
fraction.

     
Andrx Corporation will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or
transfer taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of any
shares of capital stock and/or other securities on conversion or redemption of
shares.


Voting Rights

     The certificate of incorporation provides that the entire voting power of
the stockholders will be vested in the holders of common stock, who will be
entitled to vote on any matter on which stockholders are entitled to vote,
except as otherwise required by the board of directors or provided by law or
stock exchange rules, by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock or by any
provision of the certificate of incorporation restricting the power to vote on
a specified matter to other stockholders.
Holders of common stock will vote as
a single class on each matter on which holders of common stock are generally
entitled to vote.

     
On all matters as to which both classes of common stock vote together as a
single class:

     o each share of Andrx common stock will have one vote; and

   o each share of Cybear tracking stock will have a number of votes equal to
     the quotient of the average market value of a share of Cybear tracking
     stock over the 20-trading day period ending on the 10th trading day prior
     to the record date for determining the holders of common stock entitled to
     vote, divided by the average market value of a share of Andrx common stock
     over the same period; provided, however, in the event the holders of the
     Cybear tracking stock shall hold in excess of 25% of the total voting
     power, the vote of Cybear tracking stock shall be reduced to represent 25%
     of the total voting power.

     
Accordingly, the relative per share voting rights of the Andrx common
stock and the Cybear tracking stock will fluctuate depending on changes in the
relative market values of shares of such classes of common stock.

     
The Andrx common stock currently has and Andrx Corporation expects that it
will continue to have a substantial majority of the voting power because it
expects that the aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of Andrx
common stock will be substantially greater than the aggregate market value of
the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock.
As of the record date, the
holders of the Cybear tracking stock have less than 1% of the total voting
power of Andrx Corporation common stock.

     
Andrx Corporation will set forth the number of outstanding shares of Andrx
common stock and Cybear tracking stock in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and
its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act.
Andrx
Corporation will disclose in any proxy statement for a stockholders' meeting
the number of outstanding shares and per share voting rights of the Andrx
common stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

     
If shares of only one class of common stock are outstanding, each share of
that class will have one vote.
If either class of common stock is entitled to
vote as a separate class with respect to any matter, each share of that class
will, for purpose of such vote, have one vote on such matter.

     
Fluctuations in the relative voting rights of the Andrx common stock and
the Cybear tracking stock could influence an investor interested in acquiring
and maintaining a fixed percentage of the voting power of the stock to acquire
such percentage of both classes of common stock, and would limit the ability of
investors in one class to acquire for the same consideration relatively more or
less votes per share than investors in the other class.

     
The holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will not have
any rights to vote separately as a class on any matter coming before the Andrx
Corporation stockholders, except for certain limited class voting rights
provided under Delaware law.
In addition to the approval of the holders of a
majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock voting together as a
single class, the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Andrx
common stock or the Cybear tracking stock, voting as a separate class, would be
required under Delaware law to approve any amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that would change the par value of the shares of the class or
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of such
class so as to affect them adversely.
As permitted by Delaware law, the
certificate of incorporation provides that an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that increases or decreases the number of authorized shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will only require the approval of
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock,
voting together as a single class, and will not require the approval of the
holders of the class of common stock affected by such amendment, voting as a
separate class.

     
The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number of
votes each share of Cybear tracking stock would be entitled on all matters on
which holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock vote as a single
class.

     
If the average market value for the 20-trading day valuation period was $2
for the Cybear tracking stock and $100 for the Andrx common stock, each share
of Andrx common stock would have one vote and each share of Cybear tracking
stock would have 0.02 votes based on the following calculation:

  $  2      =     0.02 votes
- ------
  $100

     Assuming 60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares of
Cybear tracking stock were outstanding, the shares of Andrx common stock would
represent approximately 99% of the total voting power and the shares of Cybear
tracking stock would represent approximately 1% of the total voting power.


Liquidation

     Currently, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or termination,
after payment, or provision for payment, of its debts and other liabilities and
the payment of full preferential amounts to which the

holders of any preferred stock are entitled, holders of existing Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock are entitled to share equally in their
remaining net assets.

     
The certificate of incorporation provides that in the event of a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, after payment or provision for payment
of the debts and other liabilities and full preferential amounts to which
holders of any preferred stock are entitled, regardless of the group to which
such shares of preferred stock were attributed, the holders of Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock will be entitled to receive the assets
remaining for distribution to holders of common stock on a per share basis in
proportion to the liquidation units per share of such class.
Each share of
Andrx common stock has one liquidation unit.
Each share of Cybear tracking
stock will have a number of liquidation units equal to the quotient of the
average market value of a share of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading
day period ending on the 40th trading day after the effective date of the
reorganization, divided by the average market value of a share of Andrx common
stock over the same period.

     
After the number of liquidation units to which each share of Cybear
tracking stock is entitled has been calculated in accordance with this formula,
that number will not be changed without the approval of holders of the class of
common stock adversely affected.
As a result, after the date of the calculation
of the number of liquidation units to which the Cybear tracking stock is
entitled, the liquidation rights of the holders of the respective classes of
common stock may not bear any relationship to the relative market values or the
relative voting rights of the two classes.
Andrx Corporation's financial
advisors believe that, in general, these liquidation provisions are immaterial
to trading in the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

     
No holder of Andrx common stock has any special right to receive specific
assets of Andrx and no holder of Cybear tracking stock has any special right to
receive specific assets of Cybear in the case of the dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of Andrx Corporation.

     
If Andrx Corporation subdivides or combines the outstanding shares of
either class of common stock or declare a dividend or other distribution of
shares of either class of common stock to holders of such class of common
stock, the number of liquidation units of either class of common stock will be
appropriately adjusted, as determined by the board of directors, to avoid any
dilution in the aggregate, relative liquidation rights of any class of common
stock.

     
Neither a merger nor consolidation of Andrx Corporation into or with any
other corporation, nor any sale, transfer or lease of all or any part of its
assets, will, alone, be deemed a liquidation or winding up of Andrx
Corporation, or cause its dissolution for purposes of these liquidation
provisions.


Determinations by the Board of Directors

     Any determinations made in good faith by the Andrx Corporation board of
directors under any provision described under "Description of Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock," and any determinations with respect to any
group or the rights of holders of shares of either class of common stock, will
be final and binding on all of Andrx Corporation's stockholders, subject to the
rights of stockholders under applicable Delaware law and under the federal
securities laws.


Preemptive Rights

     Neither the holders of the Andrx common stock nor the holders of the
Cybear tracking stock have any preemptive rights or any rights to convert their
shares into any other securities of Andrx Corporation.


Cybear Designated Shares

     Andrx, in the future, may hold an equity interest in Cybear in the form of
"Number of Cybear Designated Shares" as a result of future contributions of
cash or property to Cybear described below.


The Andrx Corporation board of directors could create Number of Cybear
Designated Shares if it determines that (1) Cybear requires additional equity
capital to finance its business and (2) Andrx should supply that capital.

     
Number of Cybear Designated Shares are authorized shares of Cybear
tracking stock that are not issued and outstanding, but which the board of
directors, pursuant to the management and allocation policies, may from time to
time issue without allocating the proceeds or other benefits of such issuance
to Cybear.
The Number of Cybear Designated Shares are not eligible to receive
dividends and can not be voted.

     
The Number of Cybear Designated Shares will initially be zero but from
     time to time will be:

   o adjusted as appropriate to reflect subdivisions and combinations of the
     Cybear tracking stock and dividends or distributions of shares of Cybear
     tracking stock to holders of Cybear tracking stock and other
     reclassifications of Cybear tracking stock;

   o increased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the
     fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Andrx that is
     contributed to Cybear to increase the Number of Cybear Designated Shares
     by (2) the average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the
     20-trading day period immediately prior to the date of transfer;

   o decreased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the
     fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Cybear that is
     contributed to Andrx to reduce the Number of Cybear Designated Shares by
     (2) the average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading
     day period immediately prior to the date of contribution; and

   o decreased by the number of newly issued shares of Cybear tracking stock,
     the proceeds of which have been allocated to Andrx, or issued as a
     dividend or distribution or by reclassification, exchange or otherwise to
     holders of Andrx common stock.


Preferred Stock

     The Andrx Corporation board of directors is authorized to issue shares of
preferred stock at any time, without stockholder approval.
It has the authority
to determine all aspects of those shares, including the following:

     o the designation and number of shares;

   o the dividend rate and preferences, if any, which dividends on that series
     of preferred stock will have compared to any other class or series of
     Andrx Corporation capital stock;

     o the voting rights, if any;

     o the conversion privileges, if any, applicable to that series;

   o the redemption price or prices and the other terms of redemption, if any,
     applicable to that series;

     o sinking fund provisions; and

     o the voluntary and involuntary liquidation preferences.

     
Any of these terms could have an adverse effect on the availability of
earnings for distribution to the holders of Cybear tracking stock or for other
corporate purposes.
Voting rights of holders of preferred stock could adversely
affect the voting power of stockholders of Cybear tracking stock,

Andrx common stock or both and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or
impeding a change of control of Andrx Corporation.
This could protect the
continuity of Andrx Corporation's management and possibly deprive stockholders
of an opportunity to sell their shares at prices higher than the prevailing
market prices.


Description of Management and Allocation Policies

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors established policies to address a
number of issues with respect to the financing of Andrx and Cybear, competition
between groups, inter-group business transactions, corporate opportunities and
the allocation of debt, corporate overhead, interest, taxes and other charges
between the two groups.
These policies establish charges between the two groups
on an objective basis and, except as described below, to ensure that
transactions between Andrx and Cybear are made on terms that approximate the
terms that could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties.
We have included
these policies as Annex D.

     A summary of the management and allocation policies that are currently in
place are set forth below.


Policies Subject to Change without Stockholder Approval

     The board of directors may modify, rescind or make exceptions to these
policies, or may adopt additional policies, in its sole discretion without
stockholder approval.
However, the board of directors has no present plans to
do so.
A board of directors' decision to modify or rescind such policies, or
adopt additional policies could have different effects upon holders of Andrx
common stock and holders of Cybear tracking stock or could result in a benefit
or detriment to one class of stockholders compared to the other class.
The
board of directors would make any such decision in accordance with its good
faith business judgment that such decision is in the best interests of Andrx
Corporation and all of its stockholders as a whole.


Interests to be Attributed to the Groups

     It is Andrx Corporation's intent to attribute to Cybear all of its
interests worldwide in Internet business related to the healthcare industry
other than any Internet business related to the marketing, manufacture,
purchase, warehousing, developing, sale and distribution of pharmaceuticals.

Accordingly, upon completion of the merger, Mediconsult will become part of
Cybear.
All other of Andrx Corporation's interests not allocated to Cybear are
allocated to Andrx.


Fiduciary and Management Responsibilities

     Under Delaware law, absent an abuse of discretion, a director or officer
will be deemed to have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to Andrx
Corporation and its stockholders if that person is disinterested and acts in
accordance with his or her good faith business judgment in the interests of
Andrx Corporation and all of the stockholders as a whole.
The board of
directors in establishing policies with regard to intracompany matters such as
business transactions between groups and allocations of assets, liabilities,
debt, corporate overhead, taxes, interest, corporate opportunities and other
matters, will consider various factors and information which could benefit or
cause detriment to the stockholders of the respective groups and will make
determinations in the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of the
stockholders as a whole.


Common Stock Ownership of Directors and Senior Officers

     As a policy, the Andrx Corporation board of directors will periodically
monitor the ownership of shares of Andrx common stock and shares of Cybear
tracking stock by its directors and senior officers and the options granted to
them so that their interests are generally aligned with the two classes of
common stock and with their duty to act in the best interests of Andrx
Corporation and the

stockholders as a whole.
However, because of the differences in trading values
between Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock, the actual value of their
interests in Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will vary
significantly.
Accordingly, it is possible that directors or senior officers
could favor one group over the other due to their stock and option holdings.


Financing Activities

     Most financial and treasury activities are managed on a centralized basis.

These activities include but are not limited to the issuance and repayment of
short-term and long-term debt and the issuance and repurchase of any preferred
stock.
If a transfer of cash or other property allocated to one group to the
other group occurs, Andrx Corporation will account for such transfer in one of
the following ways, as determined by its board of directors except as set forth
in a tax sharing agreement entered into by Andrx and Cybear:

   o
As a short-term or long-term loan from one group to the other, or as a
     repayment of a previous borrowing, as described under "Inter-Group Loans"
     below;

   o
As an increase or decrease in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares, as
     described under "Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear
     Tracking Stock Designated Shares" below; or

     o As a sale of assets between the two groups.

     
The board of directors has not adopted specific criteria to determine
which of the foregoing will be applied to a particular transfer of cash or
property from one group to the other.
The board of directors will make these
determinations, either in specific instances or by setting applicable policies
generally, in the exercise of its business judgment based on all relevant
circumstances.
All transfers of material assets from one group to the other
will be made on a fair value basis for the foregoing purposes, as determined by
the board of directors.
See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups.
"

     
Although debt and preferred stock may be allocated between groups, the
debt and preferred stock will remain obligations of Andrx Corporation and all
of its stockholders will be subject to the risks associated with those
obligations.

     
Debt.
Debt will be allocated between the groups or, in its entirety to a
particular group.
If debt for a particular financing is allocated in its
entirety to one group, the interest rate, amortization, maturity, redemption
and other terms shall be on then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation
could borrow such funds.
Any expense related to debt that is allocated in its
entirety to a group will be allocated in whole to that group.

     
Preferred Stock.
Preferred stock, if issued, will be allocated between the
groups or, if the board of directors so determines, in its entirety to a
particular group.
If Andrx Corporation allocates preferred stock for a
particular financing in its entirety to one group, that group will be charged
the dividend cost.
If the dividend cost is higher than Andrx Corporation's
actual cost, the other group will receive a credit for an amount equal to the
difference as compensation for the use of its credit capacity.
Any expense
related to preferred stock that is allocated in its entirety to a group will be
allocated in whole to that group.

     
Inter-Group Loans.
Cash or other property that is allocated to one group
that is transferred to the other group, could, if so determined by the board of
directors, be accounted for either as a short-term loan or as a long-term loan.

The board of directors will establish the terms on which short-term and
long-term loans between the groups will be made, including interest rate,
amortization schedule, maturity and redemption terms.
The terms, however, shall
reflect the then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation could borrow the
funds.

     
Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear Tracking Stock
Designated Shares.
Cash or other property allocated to Andrx that is
contributed as additional equity to Cybear will increase the

Number of Cybear Designated Shares.
Cash or other property allocated to Cybear
that is transferred to Andrx will, if so determined by the Andrx Corporation
board of directors, decrease the Number of Cybear Designated Shares.

     
Equity Issuances and Repurchases and Dividends.
All financial effects of
issuances and repurchases of shares of Andrx common stock or shares of Cybear
tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the financial statements of that
group except as described in the next sentence.
All financial effects of
issuances of additional shares of Cybear tracking stock, which have been
reflected as a reduction in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares, will be
reflected entirely in the financial statements of Andrx Corporation.
Financial
effects of dividends or other distributions on, and purchases of, shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the
respective financial statements of Andrx and Cybear.


Competition Between Groups

     Neither Andrx nor Cybear will engage in each other's principal businesses,
except for joint transactions with each other.
Joint transactions may include
joint ventures or other collaborative arrangements to develop, market, sell and
support new products and services.
Third parties may also participate in such
joint transactions.
See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups--Joint
Transactions."
The terms of any joint transactions will be determined by the
Andrx Corporation board of directors.

     
The Andrx Corporation board of directors will make decisions whether to
permit indirect competition between the groups.
Indirect competition could
occur if and when:

   o one group uses products of third parties in that group's products rather
     than using the other group's products;

   o a third party uses a product of one group in the third party's products
     which compete with the other group's products; or

   o a group licenses technology allocated to that group to a third party that
     is a competitor of the other group.

     
The groups may compete in a business which is not a principal business of
the other group.


Transfers of Assets Between Groups

     The certificate of incorporation permits the transfer of assets between
groups without stockholder approval.
All such transfers will be made at fair
value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's board of directors, except as
described below.
The consideration for such transfers may be paid by one group
to the other in cash or other consideration, as determined by the board of
directors.

     
The board of directors has adopted specific policies for the sale of
products and services between groups and joint transactions with each other and
third parties as set forth below.

     
Sales of Products and Services Between Groups.
A group will sell products
or services to the other group on terms that would be available from third
parties in commercial transactions.
If terms for such transactions are not
available from a third party, the purchasing group will (1) pay for such
products at fair value as determined by the board of directors and (2) pay for
such services at fair value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's board of
directors, or at the cost, including overhead, of the selling group.

     
Joint Transactions.
The groups may from time to time engage in
transactions jointly, including with third parties, as described under
"Competition Between Groups."
Research and development and other services
performed by one group for a joint venture or other collaborative arrangement
will be charged at fair value, as determined by the board of directors.


Review of Corporate Opportunities

     The board of directors reviews any matter which involves the allocation of
a corporate opportunity to either the Andrx common stock or the Cybear tracking
stock or in part to the Andrx common stock and in part to the Cybear tracking
stock.
In accordance with Delaware law, the board of directors will make its
determination with regard to the allocation of any such opportunity and the
benefit of such opportunity in accordance with its good faith business judgment
of the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of its stockholders as a
whole.
Among the factors that the board of directors may consider in making
this allocation is whether a particular corporate opportunity is principally
related to the business of Andrx or Cybear; whether one group, because of its
managerial or operational expertise, will be better positioned to undertake the
corporate opportunity; and existing contractual agreements and restrictions.


Financial Statements

     Andrx Corporation prepares financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, consistently
applied, for Andrx and Cybear, and these financial statements, taken together,
comprise all of the accounts included in our corresponding consolidated
financial statements.
The financial statements of each of Andrx and Cybear
reflect the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
businesses included therein.


Allocation Matters

     Group financial statements also include allocated portions of Andrx
Corporation's debt, interest corporate overhead and costs of administrative
shared services and taxes.
Andrx Corporation makes these allocations for the
purpose of preparing each group's financial statements; however, holders of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will continue to be subject to all
of the risks associated with an investment in Andrx Corporation and all of its
businesses, assets and liabilities.

     
In addition to allocating debt and interest as described above under
"Financing Activities" and assets as described above under "Transfers of Assets
Between Groups," Andrx Corporation's board of directors has adopted the
following allocation policies:

   o Direct Charges.
Andrx Corporation allocates direct expenses incurred on
     behalf of a group to that group.

   
o Corporate Overhead and Administrative Shared Services.
Andrx Corporation
     allocates a portion of the corporate overhead to Andrx and Cybear based
     upon the use of services by that group.
Corporate overhead includes costs
     of our executive management, payroll, human resources, legal, auditing,
     tax, mergers and acquisitions, treasury, and strategic planning functions.
     
Andrx Corporation allocates in a similar manner a portion of the costs of
     administrative shared services, such as information technology services.
     
Where determinations based on use alone are not practical, Andrx
     Corporation uses other methods and criteria that it believes is equitable
     and provides a reasonable estimate of the cost attributable to the groups.

   
o Taxes.
Andrx Corporation allocates the federal income tax provisions and
     related tax payments and refunds between the groups based on a tax sharing
     agreement.


Capital Stock Committee

     Andrx Corporation established a capital stock committee of the board of
directors as part of the September 2000 reorganization.
Timothy Nolan was also
appointed as Cybear's designee on Andrx Corporation's board of directors.

Provided Mr. Nolan is a member of the board of directors, he will be a member
of the capital stock committee, however, in the event that he is a member of
the capital stock committee, the capital stock committee will have at least one
other member.
The capital stock committee will have authority to:

   o Interpret, make determinations under, and oversee the implementation of
     these policies in order to resolve potential and actual conflicts between
     the groups.

   
o Adopt additional general policies governing the relationship between
     Andrx and Cybear with respect to these policies; and

   o Engage the services of accountants, investment bankers, appraisers,
     attorneys and other service providers to assist in discharging its duties.

     
The decisions of the capital stock committee will be subject to ultimate
approval of the board of directors.


Comparison of Stockholder Rights

     Following the merger, the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will
cease to be governed by the existing certificate of incorporation and existing
bylaws of Mediconsult but will continue to be governed by Delaware law.

Instead, the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will be governed by Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material ways in which the rights
of Mediconsult stockholders will change because of the merger.


Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation.

     
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative
vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled
to vote at a meeting to amend its certificate of incorporation, except to amend
the provisions relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders,
stockholder action and bylaws which require a vote of at least two-thirds of
all outstanding shares entitled to vote without a meeting.
Mediconsult's
existing certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote at a
meeting to amend its certificate of incorporation, except any amendment
pertaining to the indemnification of officers and directors of Mediconsult,
which requires a vote of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares entitled
to vote.

Amendments to Bylaws.

     
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws both require
an affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding
shares entitled to vote at a meeting to amend its bylaws, except the provisions
relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders, notice of stockholder
proposals and stockholder action without a meeting, which require a vote of at
least two-thirds of all outstanding share entitled to vote.
Mediconsult's
existing certificate of incorporation requires a two-thirds vote of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote to amend the bylaws.
Mediconsult's existing
bylaws require the affirmative vote of the majority of directors present at a
meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is present to amend the
bylaws.


Number of Directors.

     
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that
the number of directors will not be less than three and not more than 12.
The
certificate of incorporation also provides that the number of directors will be
fixed by resolution of the board of directors.
Under Mediconsult's existing
bylaws, the number of directors will not be less than one and not more than 10
and provides that the number of directors will be fixed by resolution of the
board of directors.


Classified Board of Directors.

     
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for
the board of directors to be divided into three classes of directors serving
staggered terms.
This results in approximately one-third of the directors being
elected each year.
Mediconsult does not have a classified board of directors.


Removal of Directors.

     
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that a
director may only be removed for cause and by a two-thirds vote of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote.
Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that
a director may be removed with or without cause in a manner consistent with
Delaware corporation law.


Filing Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.

     
Under Delaware law, Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's bylaws,
whenever a vacancy occurs on the board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an increase in the number of directors, it may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a
quorum of directors, or by the stockholders, unless the certificate of
incorporation provide otherwise.


Business combinations with substantial stockholders.

     
Delaware law contains a statutory provision which is intended to curb
abusive takeovers of Delaware corporations.
Section 203 of the Delaware
Corporation Law addresses the problem by preventing certain business
combinations of the corporation with interested stockholders within three years
after such stockholders become interested.
Section 203 provides, with certain
exceptions, that a Delaware corporation may not engage in any of a broad range
of business combinations with a person or an affiliate, or associate of such
person, who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years from the
date that such person became an interested stockholder unless:

   o the transaction resulting in a person becoming an interested stockholder,
     or the business combination, is approved by the board of directors of the
     corporation before the person becomes an interested stockholder;

   o the interested stockholder acquired 85% or more of the outstanding voting
     stock of the corporation in the same transaction that makes such person an
     interested stockholder (excluding shares owned by persons who are both
     officers and directors of the corporation, and shares held by certain
     employee stock ownership plans); or

   o on or after the date the person becomes an interested stockholder, the
     business combination is approved by the corporation's board of directors
     and by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the corporation's outstanding
     voting stock at an annual or special meeting, excluding shares owned by
     the interested stockholder.


Under Section 203, an "interested stockholder" is defined as any person who is:

     o the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
     corporation; or

   o an affiliate or associate of the corporation and who was the owner of 15%
     or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time
     within the three year period immediately prior to the date on which it is
     sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder.


Indemnification of directors and officers.

     
Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation provide that directors or officers be indemnified against any
liability (including any judgment, settlement, penalty or fine) incurred in
connection with any legal proceeding provided the director, officer or employee
acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult,
respectively.

     
Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation generally provide that all reasonable expenses of the indemnified
director or officer be paid in advance of the final proceeding to the fullest
extent permitted by law.


Special Meetings of Stockholders.

     
Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
corporation's board of directors or by such persons as may be authorized by the
corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

     
Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that a special meeting may be called by
the chief executive officer, a majority of the board of directors or 33.3% of
the stockholders entitled to vote.
Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that a
special meeting may be called by its president, board of directors, the holders
of not less than one-tenth of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting, or
legal counsel.


Dissenter's Rights.

     
Delaware law provides that dissenting stockholders who follow prescribed
statutory procedures are entitled to appraisal rights in the case of a merger
of a corporation, except that such rights are not provided when:

     o no vote of the stockholders is required for the merger; or

   o shares of the corporation are listed on a national securities exchange on
     the record date or held by more than 2,000 stockholders and are to be
     exchanged solely for shares of stock of another corporation which are
     listed on a national securities exchange or held by more than 2,000
     stockholders.


Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
certain anti-takeover measures which are intended to protect the stockholders
by rendering it more difficult for a person or persons to obtain control of
Andrx Corporation without the cooperation of its management.
The anti-takeover
provisions include an advance notice requirement for any stockholder proposals
or nominations for the election of a director and a provision for a staggered
board of directors.

     
Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that any stockholder proposals and
nominations for the election of directors be delivered to Andrx Corporation no
less than 60 days nor more than 90 days in advance of a meeting.
However, in
the event that less than 70 days notice of the meeting is provided to the
stockholders, the stockholders must provide Andrx Corporation with its notice
no later than 10 days following the date Andrx Corporation's notice was made.

Such stockholder notice must contain (1) a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such
business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and record address of the
stockholder, (3) the class and number of shares of capital stock which are
beneficially owned by the stockholder and (4) any material interest of the
stockholder in such business.
Mediconsult's bylaws do not contain such a
provision.

     
The inclusion of such "anti-takeover" provisions in the Andrx Corporation
certificate of incorporation may delay, deter or prevent a takeover which the
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests, thereby possibly
depriving holders of Andrx's securities of certain opportunities to sell or
otherwise dispose of their securities at above-market prices, or limit the
ability of stockholders to remove incumbent directors as readily as the
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.


United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

     The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the merger and reflects the opinion of Broad and Cassel.

The discussion is based on the Code, the

Treasury Department regulations promulgated under the Code, published positions
of the IRS, and court decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to
change, potentially with retroactive effect.
In particular, Congress could
enact legislation or the Treasury Department could issue regulations affecting
the treatment of stock with characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking
stock.

     
This discussion addresses only those stockholders who hold Mediconsult
common stock as a capital asset and will, after the merger, hold Cybear
tracking stock as a capital asset.
However, this discussion does not address
the Mediconsult stockholders who were creditors of Mediconsult and have
exchanged their claims against Mediconsult for Mediconsult common stock in
anticipation of exchanging the Mediconsult common stock for Cybear tracking
stock.
This discussion does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income
taxation that may be relevant to stockholders in light of their particular tax
circumstances.
In particular, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal
income taxation of stockholders subject to special treatment under the Code,
such as the following:

     o Tax-exempt entities;

     o Partnerships, S corporations, or other pass-through entities;

     o Mutual funds and regulated investment companies;

     o Small business investment companies;

     o Insurance companies and other financial institutions;

     o Broker-dealers and dealers in securities;

     o
Traders that mark their positions to market;

   o Stockholders who hold their shares as part of a hedge, appreciated
     financial position, straddle, or conversion transaction;

   o Stockholders who acquired their shares through the exercise of options or
     otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan;

     o Individuals who are not citizens or residents of the U.S.;

     o Estates and trusts not subject to U.S. federal income tax; and

     o Foreign corporations and other foreign entities.

     
Finally, this discussion does not address any consequences under state,
local or foreign tax laws.


Mediconsult stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors with regard
to the application of the federal income tax laws, as well as to the
applicability and effect of any state, local or foreign tax laws to which you
may be subject.

     
Andrx Corporation has obtained an opinion from Broad and Cassel regarding
the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, which is based
on the law in effect on the date this proxy statement/prospectus is filed with
the SEC.
The opinion from Broad and Cassel is being filed with the SEC as an
exhibit to this proxy statement/prospectus.
The opinion relies on factual
assumptions, including an assumption that there have been no changes in
existing facts, that the Cybear tracking stock will be issued in accordance
with the certificate of incorporation, that cash paid for fractional shares and
to pay dissenting stockholders does not exceed 20% of the total merger
consideration, and that the merger will be completed in accordance with the
merger agreement.
The opinion also relies on representations contained in
certificates furnished to Broad and Cassel by

officers of Andrx Corporation in connection with Broad and Cassel rendering its
opinion.
If any of these assumptions or representations are inaccurate, the
conclusions contained in the opinion could be affected.
Moreover, the opinion
of Broad and Cassel is not binding on the IRS, and there can be no assurance
that views expressed in the opinion, if challenged, would be sustained in
court.

     
Broad and Cassel is of the opinion that the Cybear tracking stock should
be treated as voting common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal income
tax purposes.

     
No advance ruling has been sought from the IRS on the U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the merger, including the classification of the Cybear
tracking stock.
The IRS has announced that it will not issue any advance
rulings on the classification of an instrument that has certain voting and
liquidation rights in an issuing corporation but whose dividend rights are
determined by reference to the earnings of a segregated portion of the issuing
corporation's assets, including assets held by a subsidiary.
Broad and Cassel's
opinion is not binding on the IRS.
In addition, there are no court decisions or
other authorities that bear directly on the treatment of stock with
characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking stock.
It is possible, therefore
that the IRS could successfully take the position that:

   o
The Cybear tracking stock is stock of a separate corporation and not
     capital stock of Andrx Corporation.

     
o
The receipt of Cybear tracking stock is a taxable event to Mediconsult
stockholders.

     
The IRS could also attempt to recharacterize certain indebtedness of
Mediconsult as equity, which recharacterization could affect the tax
consequences of the merger.
If the IRS were to prevail, the merger may not be
tax-free and each Mediconsult stockholder could recognize gain or loss equal to
the difference between the (i) fair market value of the Cybear tracking stock
received in the transaction (as of the merger date) and (ii) such stockholder's
adjusted tax basis in the Mediconsult common stock surrendered.

     
Broad and Cassel, however, is of the opinion that the IRS should not
prevail in any of the above assertions.
Accordingly, the discussion below of
the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to Mediconsult
stockholders, assumes that the Cybear tracking stock will be treated as voting
common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that
any debt of Mediconsult will not be recharacterized as equity.

     
The material U.S. federal income tax consequences to Mediconsult's
stockholders are as follows:

   o
The merger of Andrx Corporation's wholly-owned subsidiary into
     Mediconsult with Mediconsult surviving the merger should qualify as a
     reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a)(1)(A) and (a)(2)(E)
     of Code.

   
o Each Mediconsult stockholder should recognize no gain or loss as a result
     of the exchange of Mediconsult common stock solely for shares of Cybear
     tracking stock pursuant to the merger under Section 354(a)(1) of the Code,
     except with respect to any cash received by a Mediconsult stockholder
     instead of a fractional share of Cybear tracking stock.

   
o Each Mediconsult stockholder should have a tax basis in the shares of
     Cybear tracking stock received in the merger equal to the tax basis of the
     Mediconsult common stock surrendered in the merger less any tax basis
     attributable to a fractional share of Cybear tracking stock for which cash
     is received.

   
o Each Mediconsult stockholder's holding period for shares of Cybear
     tracking stock received in the merger should include the stockholder's
     holding period for the Mediconsult common stock exchanged therefor.

   o
If any Mediconsult stockholder receives cash instead of a fractional
     share of Cybear tracking stock, the stockholder should recognize capital
     gain or loss equal to the amount of cash received less the amount of basis
     allocated to the fractional share interest.
The gain or loss will be
     long-term capital gain or loss if the share of Mediconsult common stock
     exchanged for the fractional share of Cybear tracking stock was held for
     more than one year at the effective time of the merger, except that if
     Mediconsult is determined to be a "collapsible corporation", any gain
     recognized by a Mediconsult stockholder who directly or indirectly has
     ever owned more than 5% of the outstanding stock of Mediconsult may be
     treated as ordinary income.

   
o
Any Mediconsult stockholder who receives cash as a result of exercising
     appraisal rights, if any, will generally recognize capital gain or loss
     equal to the amount of cash received less such stockholder's tax basis in
     the Mediconsult common stock provided that such cash payment is not
     treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The gain or
     loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the share of Mediconsult
     common stock was held for more than one year at the effective time of the
     merger, except that if Mediconsult is determined to be a "collapsible
     corporation", any gain recognized by a Mediconsult stockholder who
     directly or indirectly has ever owned more than 5% of the value of the
     outstanding stock of Mediconsult, may be treated as ordinary income.
     
Generally, a disposition of Mediconsult common stock pursuant to an
     exercise of appraisal rights will not be treated as a dividend if the
     stockholder exercising such rights does not own, directly or indirectly,
     any Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock immediately after the
     merger.

     
The foregoing is not intended to be a complete analysis or description of
all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences or any other consequences of
the merger.
In addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences
which may vary with, or are contingent on, your individual circumstances.

Moreover, this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign,
state or local tax consequences of the merger.
Accordingly, you are strongly
urged to consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular U.S.
federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you of the
merger.


Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement

     Set forth below is a description of the material terms of the merger
agreement.
We urge stockholders to carefully read, in its entirety, the merger
agreement, which we have attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus
and incorporated into this document by reference.
If there is any discrepancy
between the terms of the merger agreement and the following summary, the merger
agreement will control.


General

     The merger agreement contemplates that a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx
Corporation will merge with and into Mediconsult, with Mediconsult surviving
the merger and becoming part of Cybear.
The merger will become effective on the
date and time that the certificate of merger is filed with the Delaware
Secretary of State or such other date and time specified in the certificate of
merger.


Conversion of Shares and Consideration to be Received in the Merger

     At the effective time of the merger:

   o each issued and outstanding share of Mediconsult common stock, other than
     treasury stock owned by Mediconsult, shares held by Andrx Corporation or
     any of its subsidiaries or shares held by persons entitled to appraisal
     rights, if any, will be converted into the right to receive 0.1430 shares
     of Cybear tracking stock, subject to adjustment as described below;

   o each outstanding stock option under the Mediconsult stock option plans
     and each Mediconsult warrant will be converted into separately exercisable
     options and warrants to acquire the

     number of shares of Cybear tracking stock equal to the product of the
     number of Mediconsult common stock that were issuable upon exercise
     multiplied by 0.1430, subject to adjustment as described below; and

   o the exercise price for the shares of Cybear tracking stock issuable upon
     exercise of the assumed Mediconsult options and warrants will be equal to
     the quotient determined by dividing the existing exercise price of the
     Mediconsult option or Mediconsult warrant by 0.1430, subject to adjustment
     as described below;

Adjustment to the Consideration to be Received in the Merger

     The number of shares the Mediconsult stockholders will receive is subject
to an adjustment.
By approving the merger agreement, the Mediconsult
stockholders agree that 20% of the total number of shares of Cybear tracking
stock that may be issued to them will not be issued until after the effective
date of the merger.
These shares will be issued, subject to an adjustment, if
any, once a balance sheet as of the closing date of the merger is agreed upon
by Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult.
By approving the merger agreement, the
Mediconsult stockholders also agree to appoint Ian D. Sutcliffe as the
representative of the Mediconsult stockholders with respect to the adjustment.

     
Within 90 days after the closing date, Andrx Corporation will present to
Mr. Sutcliffe a closing balance sheet as of the closing date audited by Andrx
Corporation's independent certified public accountants.
For each $250,000 by
which Mediconsult's stockholder equity amount exceeds the Mediconsult
stockholder equity amount set forth in the merger agreement, the 0.1430
exchange ratio for each share of Mediconsult common stock will be adjusted
downward by 0.0128 of a share of Cybear tracking stock up to a maximum of
0.0286 of a share of Cybear tracking stock.
Therefore, the exact number of
shares of Cybear tracking stock the Mediconsult stockholders will receive may
be less than 11,731,459 but not less than 9,385,723.

     
Mr. Sutcliffe, as the Mediconsult stockholders' representative, will
handle any and all disputes relating to the adjustment.
The remaining shares of
Cybear tracking stock will be distributed to the Mediconsult stockholders once
the adjustment amount has been agreed to.


Representations and Warranties

     The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Andrx
Corporation and Mediconsult customary for agreements of this nature with regard
to aspects of their respective businesses, financial conditions, structures and
other facts pertinent to the merger.
The representations given by Mediconsult
relate to Mediconsult and its subsidiaries and the representations given by
Andrx Corporation relate to Andrx Corporation and the subsidiary that will
merge with and into Mediconsult.
The representations made by Mediconsult cover
the following topics:

     o organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

     o capitalization;

     o authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
   transaction agreements;

     o noncontravention;

     o filings and reports with the SEC;

     o financial statements;

     o changes in business since September 30, 2000;

     o undisclosed liabilities;

     o litigation, proceedings and investigations;

     o restrictions on business activities;

     o compliance with laws;

     o title to the properties owned and leased;

     o intellectual property;

     o environmental laws and matters;

     o taxes;

     o employee benefit plans;

     o employee matters;

     o transactions with interested parties;

     o insurance;

   o regulatory matters and compliance with applicable federal, state, local,
     and self-regulatory laws, rules and regulations of governmental entities;

     o material contracts and obligations;

     o options and other rights to acquire securities;

     o opinion of financial advisor;

     o the treatment of the merger as a purchase and as a tax-free merger;

     o completeness of representations and warranties; and

     o brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger.

     
The representations given by Andrx Corporation cover the following topics
as they relate to Andrx Corporation:

     o organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

     o capitalization;

     o authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
   transaction agreements;

     o noncontravention;

     o filings and reports with the SEC;

     o financial statements;

     o changes in business since September 30, 2000;

     o undisclosed liabilities;

     o broker's and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

   o accuracy and compliance with securities regulations of the information
     supplied in the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus;

     o litigation, proceedings and investigations;

     o compliance with laws; and

     
o the treatment of the merger as a purchase and as a tax-free merger.

     
The representations given by Andrx Corporation's subsidiary merging into
Mediconsult cover the following topics:

     o organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

     o authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
   transaction agreements;

     o undisclosed liabilities; and

     o litigation, proceedings and investigations.

     
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized.
We urge you to carefully read the sections in the
merger agreement titled "Representations and Warranties of Mediconsult,"
"Representations and Warranties of Andrx" and "Representations and Warranties
of Merger Sub."

Principal Covenants

     Voting Agreements.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, Mediconsult agreed to
obtain an agreement from Robert A. Jennings, a director and principal
stockholder, and JHC Limited, an entity controlled by Mr. Jennings, to vote in
favor of the merger.

     
Interim Financing.
In connection with the merger agreement, Andrx
Corporation agreed to cause Cybear Inc. to provide Mediconsult with up to
$2,000,000 in interim financing to fund Mediconsult's operating activities
until the closing date or the termination of the merger agreement.
See "Interim
Financing" on page 87 for a further discussion of the interim financing.

     
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger.
Pursuant to the merger agreement,
Mediconsult has agreed that, until the effective time of the merger, subject to
certain exceptions, Mediconsult will carry on business in the same manner as
conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement.

     
No Solicitation of Transactions.
Pursuant to the merger agreement,
Mediconsult has agreed that it will not solicit, initiate, encourage or take
any action which would facilitate a takeover proposal or engage in negotiations
with or disclose any nonpublic information or give access to its properties,
books of records to any person who is considering making or has made a takeover
proposal.
However, Mediconsult's board of directors are not prohibited from
taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position with respect to an
unsolicited tender offer pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

     
In addition, Mediconsult may engage in any of the otherwise prohibited
acts referred to above, other than soliciting, initiating or encouraging any
takeover proposal, if:

     o its board of directors receives an unsolicited takeover proposal;

   o its board of directors believes in good faith after receiving advice from
     a reputable financial advisor that the unsolicited takeover proposal is
     reasonably capable of being consummated and

     would, if consummated, be reasonably likely to result in a transaction
     more favorable than the merger to the Mediconsult stockholders;

   o its board of directors determines in good faith that the failure to
     entertain and consider an unsolicited takeover proposal which is believed
     to be superior could reasonably be deemed to be inconsistent with its
     fiduciary duties to the Mediconsult stockholders under applicable law; and

   o it notifies Andrx Corporation of its receipt of a takeover proposal and
     any determination by its board of directors and delivers to Andrx
     Corporation a copy of the proposal, or a summary of any oral proposals,
     and all documents containing or referring to non-public information about
     it that are supplied to the third party making such takeover proposal.

     
Mediconsult has also agreed not to agree to endorse, and will not permit
any of its officers, directors, employees or other representatives to agree to
or endorse, any takeover proposal or withdraw its recommendation of the merger
agreement and merger unless its board of directors believes in good faith,
after receiving advice from a reputable financial advisor, that such action is
required in order for its board of directors to comply with its fiduciary
duties to stockholders under applicable law and Mediconsult has terminated the
merger agreement.
Mediconsult will also notify Andrx Corporation within 24
hours after its receipt of any takeover proposal and keep Andrx Corporation
fully informed of the status and details of such takeover proposal.

     
Mediconsult has agreed to notify Andrx Corporation of any receipt of any
notice that any person is considering making a takeover proposal or any request
for nonpublic information or access to its properties, books or records by any
person considering making or that has made a takeover proposal and is required
to keep Andrx Corporation fully informed of the status and details of any such
notice, request, correspondence or communications.

     
Insurance and Indemnification.
The merger agreement provides that Andrx
Corporation, for four years after the effective time of the merger, shall
indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law but no more
than currently provided by Mediconsult, past or current officer, director,
employee, trustee or agent of Mediconsult against all amounts paid in
connection with any claim pertaining to acts or omissions in their capacities
before or after the effective time.
In addition, Andrx Corporation shall
reimburse indemnified parties for reasonable fees and expenses in bringing any
action to enforce rights or to collect money due under the merger agreement.

     
The merger agreement also provides that, for four years after the
effective time of the merger, Andrx Corporation shall maintain or shall cause
to be maintained, directors and officers liability insurance on terms at least
as favorable as Mediconsult's directors and officers liability insurance
policies in effect prior to the effective date of the merger.

     
Assumption of Stock Options.
At the effective time of the merger, Andrx
Corporation will assume all outstanding options to purchase Mediconsult common
stock.

     
Assumption of Warrants.
Prior to the effective time of the merger, Andrx
Corporation will assume all outstanding Mediconsult warrants.

     
Other Covenants.
The merger agreement contains additional covenants,
including covenants relating to:

     o notices and consents;

     o preparation, filing and distribution of this proxy statement/prospectus;

     o cooperation regarding filings with governmental and other agencies and
   organizations;

     o coordination of the Mediconsult stockholders' meeting;

     o access to information;

     o notice of developments;

     o tax filings and tax opinions; and

     o press releases.

     
In addition, the merger agreement contains a general covenant requiring
each party to use its reasonable best efforts to effect the consummation of the
merger.

     Conditions.
The merger will be completed only if certain conditions are
satisfied or waived, including the following:

   o the merger agreement has been adopted by the vote of the holders of a
     majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;

   o the SEC shall have declared the registration statement on Form S-4
     effective and no stop order suspending its effectiveness shall have been
     issued and no proceeding for that purpose, and no similar proceeding, with
     respect to this proxy statement/prospectus shall have been initiated or
     threatened in writing by the SEC; and

     o there shall be no court order that prohibits the merger.

     
Andrx Corporation's obligation to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

   o Mediconsult's representations and warranties must be true and correct
     when made and as of the closing of the merger.

   
o Mediconsult must have complied with and performed in all material
     respects all of its covenants under the merger agreement;

     o there shall not have been a material adverse effect on Mediconsult;

   o Andrx Corporation must have been provided with a certificate executed on
     behalf of Mediconsult that all representations are true and correct in all
     respects of any as of the closing date; the merger agreement has been
     adopted by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
     of Mediconsult common stock; Mediconsult has performed and complied with
     all of its covenants under the merger agreement in all material respects
     through the closing; there is no action pending or threatened before any
     court or administrative agency that would (i) prevent the consummation or
     cause the recession of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, (ii) adversely affect the right of the surviving corporation to
     succeed to Mediconsult or (iii) adversely affect the right of any former
     subsidiary of Mediconsult to own its assets and to operate its business;
     and there is no material adverse effect on Mediconsult;

   o
Mediconsult shall have amended its lease agreements with Reckson
     Operating Partnership, L.P. and Brandywine Realty Services Corporation to
     Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

   o
Mediconsult shall have terminated its lease agreements with 320 Front
     Portfolio, Inc. and Addiscott Investments Limited and been released from
     all liability for these two leases to Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

   o
Mediconsult shall have resolved its dispute with the International
     Counsel on Infertility Information Dissemination to Andrx Corporation's
     satisfaction;

   o
Mediconsult shall have amended its education services agreement with
     Bristol-Myers Squibb Company;

   o
Mediconsult shall have amended its employment arrangement with several of
     its employees and entered into agreements with its accountants, lawyers
     and McFarland & Dewey to Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

   o
Mediconsult shall have received agreements from holders of Mediconsult
     options representing no less than 85% of the outstanding Mediconsult
     capital stock underlying the Mediconsult options to terminate the options,
     other than holders whose employment was terminated prior to the signing of
     the merger agreement;

   
o Mediconsult shall have converted its outstanding obligations to its note
     holders and Accenture (f/k/a Andersen Consulting LLP) into Mediconsult
     common stock, except for $200,000 in cash to be paid to Accenture;

   o Mediconsult's average monthly unique user base shall not have decreased
     by more than 25% from its unique user base during the 90 days prior to the
     date of the merger agreement;

   o
Except for Mediconsult.com, Limited, a Bermuda corporation,
     Mediconsult.com (US) Ltd., a Delaware corporation, 3542491 Canada Inc.,
     Physicians' Online and such other subsidiaries designated by Andrx
     Corporation, none of Mediconsult's subsidiaries shall have any assets,
     operations or employees;

     
o
Mediconsult shall have terminated its 401(k) plan;

   o
Mediconsult shall have delivered to Andrx Corporation audited
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2000;
     and

   o Dissenter's rights shall not have been exercised by the holders of more
     than 10% of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult.

     
Mediconsult's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

   o Andrx Corporation's and Merger Sub's representations and warranties must
     be true and correct when made and as of the closing of the merger;

   o Andrx Corporation and Merger Sub must have complied and performed in all
     material respects with all of their respective covenants under the merger
     agreement;

   
o Mediconsult must have been provided with a certificate executed on behalf
     of Andrx Corporation that all representations are true and correct in all
     material respects at and as of the closing date; the merger agreement has
     been adopted by the votes of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
     shares of Mediconsult common stock; the registration statement has become
     effective and there is no stop threatening or proceeding suspending or
     stop order threatening to suspend its effectiveness; Andrx Corporation and
     Merger Sub each have performed and complied with all of its covenants
     under the merger agreements in all material respects through the closing;
     there is no action pending or threatened before any court or
     administrative agency that would (i) prevent the consummation or cause the
     recission of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
     (ii) adversely effect the right of Andrx Corporation or the surviving
     corporation to succeed to Mediconsult, or (iii) adversely affect the

     right of any former subsidiary of Mediconsult to own its assets and to
     operate its business; and there is no material adverse effect on Andrx
     Corporation ; and

     
o There shall not have been a material adverse effect on Andrx
Corporation.

     
Termination of the Merger Agreement.
At any time prior to the completion
of the merger, the merger agreement may be terminated under the following
circumstances if the terminating party is authorized to do so by its board of
directors:

     o By mutual written consent of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult;

     o
By either Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult, if:

     o Without any fault on the part of the terminating party, the closing
        does not occur on or before May 15, 2001;

     o
There shall be a final nonappealable order of a court preventing the
        consummation of the merger or there shall be a law, statute, rule,
        regulation or order enacted or issued which has the effect of making
        the merger illegal;

     o
The merger agreement has not been adopted by the vote of the holders of
        a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;

     o By Andrx Corporation, if:

     o Mediconsult breaches any of its representations, warranties or
        covenants to the extent that it would cause the conditions to closing
        not to be satisfied, and the breach is not cured within 30 days of the
        receipt by Mediconsult of notice of the breach;

     o
The Mediconsult board of directors withdraws or modifies its
        recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in a manner
        adverse to Andrx Corporation or resolves to do so;

     o The Mediconsult board of directors recommends, endorses, accepts or
        agrees to a takeover proposal or resolves to do so; or

     o Mediconsult solicits, initiates, encourages or agrees to any takeover
        proposal or engages in any negotiations with, discloses any non-public
        information relating to Mediconsult or any of its subsidiaries to, or
        affords access to the properties, books or records of Mediconsult to,
        any person that has advised Mediconsult that it may be considering
        making, or that has made, a takeover proposal, or Mediconsult otherwise
        breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement.

     o
By Mediconsult, if:

     o Andrx Corporation breaches any of its representations, warranties or
        covenants to the extent that it would cause the conditions to closing
        not to be satisfied, and the breach is not cured within 30 days
        following the receipt by Andrx Corporation of written notice of the
        breach; or

     o After receiving the unsolicited takeover proposal, Mediconsult's board
        of directors, in compliance with the procedures set forth in the merger
        agreement, determines in good faith that such takeover proposal is
        superior to the merger and that it is required by its fiduciary duty to
        accept such takeover proposal and advises Andrx Corporation of such
        action.

     
Payment of Fees and Expenses.
Whether or not the merger is consummated,
subject to certain exceptions discussed in this proxy statement/prospectus, all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
merger will be paid by the party incurring the expense except that expenses
incurred in connection with filing and printing the proxy statement/prospectus
and the registration statement, and registration and filing fees incurred in
connection with the proxy statement/
prospectus and the registration statement shall be shared equally.

     
If the merger agreement is terminated because:

   o of fraud or the willful or intentional breach or failure to perform by
     Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult of any of its representations, warranties
     or covenants in the merger agreement or the breakup warrant, the purpose
     of which is to terminate the merger agreement;

then the breaching party will pay the other party a termination fee of $750,000
within five business days from the termination of the merger agreement.

     
If the merger agreement is terminated because:

   o
The closing does not occur on or before May 15, 2001 because Mediconsult
     fails to satisfy a closing condition;

   o
The merger agreement has not been adopted by the vote of the holders of a
     majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock; or

   o After receiving an unsolicited takeover proposal, Mediconsult's board of
     directors, in compliance with the procedures set forth in the merger
     agreement, determines in good faith that such takeover proposal is
     superior to the merger and that it is required by its fiduciary duty to
     accept such takeover proposal and advises Andrx Corporation of such
     action; or

   o the Mediconsult board of directors changes or withdraws or modifies its
     recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in an adverse manner;
     and

   o by January 9, 2002, (i) Mediconsult sells the capital stock of its
     wholly-owned subsidiary, Physicians' Online, Inc. or substantially all of
     Physicians' Online's assets, or (ii) the transaction substantially
     contemplated by the superior proposal is consummated, or (iii) Mediconsult
     closes a financing transaction or series of financing transactions with
     net proceeds equal to or greater than $7,500,000;

then Mediconsult will pay Andrx Corporation a termination fee of $1,000,000,
and will issue a breakup warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then
outstanding capital stock of Mediconsult within five business days of the
consummation of any transaction described above.
For so long as the Mediconsult
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market, the maximum number of
shares of Mediconsult common stock issuable pursuant to the breakup warrant,
the warrant issued in connection with the interim financing discussed below,
and upon conversion of the note below, is limited to 19.9% of Mediconsult's
issued and outstanding common stock.
The breakup warrant is exercisable at a
price of $0.125 per share and is exercisable at any time after Mediconsult
becomes obligated to pay the $1,000,000 termination fee until one year from the
termination of the merger agreement.

     
If the merger agreement is terminated because:

   o Either party breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants
     or obligations in the merger agreement to the extent that the breach
     causes a condition to closing not to be satisfied and the breach is not
     cured within 30 days following receipt by the other party of written
     notice of the breach;

then the breaching party will pay to and reimburse the non-breaching party for
all actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the non-breaching party in
connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement within five business days from the breaching party's receipt of
a statement from the non-breaching party indicating the amount of such
out-of-pocket expenses that have been incurred.
In addition, if the merger
agreement is terminated as a result of a nonwillful material breach or failure
to perform related to one of the foregoing reasons for termination by the
breaching party, the non-breaching party will have the right to recover any
damages arising from such non-willful material breach or failure to perform.


Interim Financing

     On January 9, 2001, Mediconsult and Physicians' Online entered into a
credit agreement with Cybear Inc. whereby Cybear Inc. agreed to provide
Mediconsult with interim financing not to exceed $2,000,000.
The interim
financing is to be used by Mediconsult to fund its and Physicians' Online's
operating activities until the closing date.
The credit agreement shall be due
and payable on July 15, 2001 and contains the customary representations,
warranties, covenants, conditions and events of default.

     
The interim financing is evidenced by a note.
If the merger agreement is
terminated, the note is convertible into Mediconsult common stock at a
conversion price equal to $0.125 at any time.
If the Mediconsult common stock
is still listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market, the note is
convertible into no more than 19.9% of the then outstanding shares of
Mediconsult common stock.
The note contains registration rights and
antidilution adjustments, including adjustments for issuances of shares at less
than the conversion price.

     
The interim financing is secured by a pledge of all of Physicians'
Online's outstanding common stock as evidenced by a pledge agreement and a
security interest in all of Physicians' Online's assets as evidenced by a
security agreement.

     
In connection with the credit agreement, Mediconsult issued to Cybear Inc.
a warrant to purchase 8,926,502 shares of Mediconsult common stock at an
exercise price of $0.125 per share.
The warrant is only exercisable in the
event the merger agreement is terminated and will be exercisable until January
9, 2006.
The warrant contains registration rights and the customary
antidilution adjustments, including adjustments for issuances of shares at less
than the exercise price.


Appraisal Rights

     Mediconsult is a Delaware corporation.
If the Cybear tracking stock is not
listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of the
merger, Mediconsult's stockholders will have the right to an appraisal of the
value of their Mediconsult common stock.
If the Cybear tracking stock is listed
for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of the merger,
the Mediconsult stockholders will have no appraisal rights.

     
If appraisal rights exist under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, any holder of Mediconsult common stock who does not wish to
accept the merger consideration may dissent from the merger and elect to have
the fair value of the stockholder's shares of Mediconsult common stock
(exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger)
judicially determined and paid to the stockholder in
cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, provided that the
stockholder complies with the provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.
The following discussion is not a complete statement of the
law pertaining to appraisal rights under Delaware law, and is qualified in its
entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is provided in its entirety as
Annex E to this proxy statement/prospectus and assumes appraisal rights exist.

All references in Section 262 and in this summary to a "stockholder" are to the
record holder of the shares of Mediconsult common stock as to which appraisal
rights are asserted.
A person having a beneficial interest in shares of common
stock held of record in the name of another person,

such as a broker or nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to
follow properly the steps summarized below and in a timely manner to perfect
appraisal rights.

     
Under Section 262, where a proposed merger is to be submitted for approval
at a meeting of stockholders, as in the case of the special meeting, the
corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of
its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that the appraisal rights are
available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262.
This proxy
statement/prospectus shall constitute the notice to the holders of common
stock, and the applicable Delaware law provisions are attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E. Any stockholder who wishes to exercise
appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve the right to do so should review
carefully the following discussion and Annex E to this proxy
statement/prospectus because failure to comply with the procedures specified in
Section 262 timely and properly will result in the loss of appraisal rights.

Moreover, because of the complexity of the procedures for exercising the right
to seek appraisal of the common stock, Mediconsult believes that stockholders
who consider exercising these rights should seek the advice of counsel.

     
Any holder of common stock wishing to exercise the right to dissent from
the merger and demand appraisal under Section 262 must satisfy each of the
following conditions:

   o
The stockholder must deliver to Mediconsult a written demand for
     appraisal of the stockholder's shares before the vote on the merger
     agreement at the special meeting, which demand will be sufficient if it
     reasonably informs Mediconsult of the identity of the stockholder and that
     the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of the holder's
     shares.

   
o
The stockholder must not vote its shares of common stock in favor of the
     merger agreement.
Because a proxy which does not contain voting
     instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the merger
     agreement, a stockholder who votes by proxy and who wishes to exercise
     appraisal rights must vote against the merger agreement or abstain from
     voting on the merger agreement.

   
o
The stockholder must continuously hold the shares from the date of making
     the demand through the effective time of the merger.
Accordingly, a
     stockholder who is the record holder of shares of common stock on the date
     the written demand for appraisal is made but who thereafter transfers the
     shares prior to the effective time of the merger will lose any right to
     appraisal in respect of that stockholder's shares.
Neither voting (in
     person or by proxy) against, abstaining from voting on or failing to vote
     on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement will constitute a written
     demand for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.
The written demand
     for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any such proxy or
     vote.

     
Only a holder of record of shares of common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger is entitled to assert
appraisal rights for the shares of common stock registered in that holder's
name.
A demand for appraisal should be executed by or on behalf of the
stockholder of record, fully and correctly, as that stockholder's name appears
on the stock certificates, should specify the stockholder's name and mailing
address, the number of shares of common stock owned and that the stockholder
intends thereby to demand appraisal of the stockholder's common stock.
If the
shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, execution of the demand should be made in that capacity,
and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person as in a joint
tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of
all owners.
An authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may
execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a stockholder; however, the agent
must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact that,
in executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the owner or owners.

A record holder such as a broker who holds shares as nominee for several
beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held
for one or more beneficial owners while not exercising these rights with
respect to the shares held for other beneficial owners; in that case, the
written demand should set forth the number of shares as to

which appraisal is sought, and where no number of shares is expressly mentioned
the demand will be presumed to cover all shares held in the name of the record
owner.
Stockholders who hold their shares in brokerage accounts or other
nominee forms and who wish to exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult
with their brokers to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a
demand for appraisal by a nominee.

     
A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights under Section 262
should mail or deliver prior to the special meeting a written demand to:
Mediconsult.com, Inc., 560 White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591,
Attention: Secretary.

     
Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation must send a notice as to the effectiveness of the merger to each
former Mediconsult stockholder who has made a written demand for appraisal in
accordance with Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the merger
agreement.
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, but not
thereafter, either the surviving corporation or any dissenting stockholder who
has complied with the requirements of Section 262 may file a petition in the
Delaware Chancery Court demanding a determination of the value of the shares of
common stock held by all dissenting stockholders.
Mediconsult is under no
obligation to and has no present intent to file a petition for appraisal, and
stockholders seeking to exercise appraisal rights should not assume that the
surviving corporation will file such a petition or that the surviving
corporation will initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of
such shares.
Accordingly, stockholders who desire to have their shares
appraised should initiate any petitions necessary for the perfection of their
appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in
Section 262.
Inasmuch as Mediconsult has no obligation to file such a petition,
the failure of a stockholder to do so within the period specified could nullify
that stockholder's previous written demand for appraisal.
In any event, at any
time within 60 days after the effective time (or at any time thereafter with
the written consent of Mediconsult), any stockholder who has demanded appraisal
has the right to withdraw the demand and to accept payment of the merger
consideration.
Under the merger agreement, Mediconsult has agreed that, except
with the prior written consent of Andrx Corporation, it will not voluntarily
make any payment with respect to, or offer to settle, or settle, any such
purchase demand.

     
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any stockholder
who has complied with the provisions of Section 262 to that point in time will
be entitled to receive from the surviving corporation, upon written request, a
statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of
the merger agreement and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been
received and the aggregate number of holders of these shares.
The surviving
corporation must mail the statement to the stockholder within 10 days of
receipt of the request or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisals under Section 262, whichever is later.

     
A stockholder timely filing a petition for appraisal with the Delaware
Chancery Court must deliver a copy to the surviving corporation, which will
then be obligated within 20 days to provide the Delaware Chancery Court with a
duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who
have demanded appraisal of their shares.
After notice to these stockholders,
the Delaware Chancery Court is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition
to determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights.
The Delaware
Chancery Court may require stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for
their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency
of the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to comply with the
requirement, the Delaware Chancery Court may dismiss the proceedings as to that
stockholder.

     
After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Delaware
Chancery Court will appraise the "fair value" of their shares, exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger,
together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount
determined to be the fair value.
The costs of the action may be determined by
the Delaware Chancery Court and taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Chancery
Court deems

equitable.
Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the Delaware Chancery
Court may also order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be
charged pro rata against the value of all of the shares entitled to appraisal.

     
Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair
value of their shares as determined under Section 262 could be more than, the
same as or less than the merger consideration they would receive under the
merger agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their shares.
Stockholders
should also be aware that investment banking opinions are not opinions as to
fair value under Section 262.

     
In determining fair value and, if applicable, a fair rate of interest, the
Delaware Chancery Court is to take into account all relevant factors.
In
Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that
could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding,
stating that "proof of value by any techniques or methods that are generally
considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in
court" should be considered, and that "fair price obviously requires
consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company."
The
Delaware Supreme Court stated that, in making this determination of fair value,
the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings
prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other facts that could be
ascertained as of the date of the merger that throw any light on future
prospects of the merged corporation.
In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court
stated that "elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise,
that are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the
product of speculation, may be considered."
Section 262 provides that fair
value is to be "exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger.
"

     Any stockholder who has duly demanded an appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the merger, be entitled to
vote the shares subject to the demand for any purpose or be entitled to the
payment of dividends or other distributions on those shares (except dividends
or other distributions payable to holders of record of shares as of a record
date prior to the effective time of the merger).

     
Any stockholder may withdraw its demand for appraisal and accept the
merger consideration by delivering to the surviving corporation a written
withdrawal of the stockholder's demand for appraisal, except that (1) any such
attempt to withdraw made more than 60 days after the effective time of the
merger will require written approval of the surviving corporation and (2) no
appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Chancery Court shall be dismissed as to
any stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Chancery Court, and such
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Chancery Court
deems just.
If the surviving corporation does not approve a stockholder's
request to withdraw a demand for appraisal when such approval is required or if
the Delaware Chancery Court does not approve the dismissal of an appraisal
proceeding, the stockholder would be entitled to receive only the appraised
value determined in any such appraisal proceeding, which value could be lower
than the value of the merger consideration.

     
If, after the effective time of the merger, the shares of a dissenting
stockholder shall lose their status of dissenting share, Andrx Corporation
shall issue and deliver, upon surrender by such stockholder of the certificates
representing shares of Mediconsult common stock, the number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock to which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled to under
the merger agreement.

     
Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures set forth in Section
262 will result in the loss of a stockholder's statutory appraisal rights, if
available.
Consequently, any stockholder wishing to exercise appraisal rights
is urged to consult legal counsel before attempting to exercise such rights.


Accounting Treatment

     The acquisition of Mediconsult will be accounted for by Andrx Corporation
as a purchase of a business.
Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of Mediconsult acquired will be recorded at their fair value, and
any excess of Andrx Corporation's purchase price over the fair value will be
accounted for as goodwill, which will be amortized over no more than five years
years and allocated to Cybear.


Stock Exchange Listings

     Cybear tracking stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CYBA."
Mediconsult common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "MCNS."
Both Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult common
stock may, however, be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market for failure to
meet the requirements for continued listing.
See "Price Range of Existing
Common Stocks and Dividend Information" on pages 47 to 48.


Stock Transfer and Exchange Agent

     American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the transfer agent for the Cybear
tracking stock, will act as the exchange agent for the merger.


Exchange Procedures

     Upon consummation of the merger, the transfer agent will mail to all
holders of outstanding Mediconsult common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for surrendering their stock certificates of Mediconsult common
stock.
Upon proper surrender of such stock certificates, the Mediconsult common
stock will be exchanged for 80% of the shares of Cybear tracking stock to be
issued to the Mediconsult stockholders.
Shortly after the merger, the
Mediconsult stockholders will be mailed stock certificates representing their
shares of Cybear tracking stock.
Once Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult agree
on a balance sheet dated as of the closing date of the merger and any resulting
adjustment, stockholders will be mailed stock certificates representing their
remaining Cybear tracking stock shares, if any.

Financial Advisor

     McFarland Dewey is acting as Mediconsult's sole advisor with respect to
the merger.
Mediconsult agreed to pay McFarland Dewey a fee of $250,000 and
500,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.

     
Mediconsult has also agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the fees and expenses of their
lawyers, and to indemnify them against liabilities under the Securities Act and
certain other liabilities.

               
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF CONDITION
                   AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF MEDICONSULT

Introduction

     Mediconsult uses the Internet to educate and connect doctors and patients.

Its Web communities and interactive solutions educate physicians, educate
patients and enable more effective doctor-patient relationships.
Mediconsult
provides relevant tools, reliable services and quality medical information,
that save doctors time and improve health outcomes for their patients.

     
Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
responsible for the majority of healthcare spending.
By fostering communities
centered on prevalent medical conditions and health issues, Mediconsult
believes that it creates significant opportunities for pharmaceutical and other
healthcare companies to effectively reach physician and patient audiences using
Internet-based educational, marketing and sponsorship programs.


Background

     For the period from the inception of Mediconsult's operations in April
1996 through January 1997, its operating activities related primarily to the
initial development of the mediconsult.com website and operating
infrastructure, and the recruitment of employees.
Since the launch of
mediconsult.com in 1996, Mediconsult focused on developing and organizing
content in an easy to navigate format, and improving the functionality of
mediconsult.com.
During that time, Mediconsult added new sites through
subsequent acquisitions including cyberdiet.com and heartinfo.com, and new
Internet-based healthcare tools through the acquisition of Mood Sciences.

     
In the third quarter of 1999, Mediconsult expanded its focus on long-term
strategic relationships with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to include
other Internet-based initiatives in addition to marketing programs.
The initial
relationship in this new strategic direction was entered into with
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in which Mediconsult is working with Bristol-Myers
to develop innovative new approaches to electronic medical education.

     
In December 1999, Mediconsult expanded its focus to include a secure
physicians-only service through the acquisition of Physicians' Online, Inc.
Physicians' Online is an Internet online service that provides medical
information, communications, and a transactions network for physicians.
It is a
secure, physicians-only environment featuring access to medical databases,
daily medical news, continuing medical education credits, clinical symposia,
e-mail accounts, Internet, discussions with colleagues, secure prescription
transactions, market research and recruiting services, among other services.

Membership is free.

     
In February 2000, Mediconsult acquired Web Northstar Interactive, Corp., a
company that specializes in research evaluation.
As consideration for the
acquisition, Mediconsult issued approximately 435,000 shares of common stock
for an aggregate price of $2.8 million.

     
In March 2000, Mediconsult acquired Storknet, a company dedicated to
pregnancy and parenting issues.
As consideration for the acquisition it issued
approximately 34,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate price of $0.2
million.

     
In July 2000, Mediconsult announced expense reductions resulting in a
restructuring plan targeted primarily at its consumer website operations as
part of an overall evaluation of potential cost savings.
This restructuring
plan highlights Mediconsult's shift toward building its physician community and
developing product offerings for its pharmaceutical clients.
Management
believes that the reductions will result in savings of approximately $1 million
per month.
The majority of expense reductions are targeted at those business
units that are stand-alone consumer channels.
The expense reductions reduced
Mediconsult's headcount by approximately 100 employees, about 45% of the total
workforce at September 30, 2000.


Revenue Sources

     Mediconsult's main sources of revenue have historically been through
services related to the development and support of online education marketing
and sponsorship programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies.

These services continue to be a source of revenue for Mediconsult and typically
include the design, development and management of customized websites relating
to particular pharmaceutical or other health-related products.
These services
also include marketing research, focus group testing and online testing of
visitors' preferences.
Revenue from these services is recognized on the basis
of contractual commitments over the period of each engagement using the
percentage-of-completion method, based on labor hours and costs incurred as the
measure of progress towards completion.
Revenue from support services,
principally the management of websites that Mediconsult develops for its
clients, is recognized ratably over the periods services are provided,
generally on a monthly basis.
Payments received from clients prior to the
performance of client services are recorded as unearned revenue.

     
Mediconsult also provides advertising services involving the sale of
advertising space on certain websites it owns, manages or sponsors.
These
services can be provided separately or as part of a more comprehensive suite of
services provided to its clients.
Advertising services include banner
advertisements, polls, surveys, registration programs, coupons and other
interactive forms of advertising.
Revenue from advertising sales is recognized
ratably over the period in which the advertisement is displayed, if no
significant obligations remain.
In certain cases, advertising revenue from the
sale of advertising space is related to the delivery of impressions or
click-throughs from pages viewed by visitors to its websites.
In these cases,
Mediconsult may guarantee a minimum number of impressions or click-throughs by
visitors over a specific period of time.
To the extent that revenue is related
to the number of impressions or click-throughs, Mediconsult defers recognition
of this revenue until the required impressions or click-throughs are achieved.

Payments received from advertisers prior to displaying their advertisements are
recorded as deferred revenue.
Mediconsult does not recognize revenue from
barter transactions with respect to its advertising services.

     
As noted above, in the third quarter Mediconsult expanded its focus on
long term strategic relationships with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to
include other Internet-based initiatives in addition to marketing programs.
The
initial relationship in this new strategic direction was entered into with
Bristol-Myers Squibb in which Mediconsult is working with Bristol-Myers to
develop innovative new approaches to electronic medical education.
Mediconsult
is currently in the proposal stages for similar relationships with additional
major pharmaceutical companies.

     
Mediconsult also derives revenue from licensing content and providing
website support to healthcare and other organizations.
These client
organizations make Mediconsult content available to visitors to its websites or
to websites of their clients.
Revenue from content licensing is recognized over
the period of the license.
In certain cases, Mediconsult designs and develops
these websites.
The portion of licensing revenue related to up-front customized
design work is recognized over the period that the work is performed.
In
certain cases, Mediconsult realizes additional revenue from management of the
website or its content.
Revenue from management services is recognized ratably
over the period the services are performed, generally on a monthly basis.

Mediconsult may also retain the right to place advertising on a website that
hosts its content.

     
Although Mediconsult has certain electronic commerce alliances with
merchants of healthcare-oriented books and products, revenue from these
revenue-sharing arrangements has not been material.
Revenue from Mediconsult's
share of the proceeds from electronic commerce partners' sales is recognized by
Mediconsult upon notification from its commerce partners of sales attributable
to its websites.


Marketing and Sales Initiatives

     In late 1997, Mediconsult initiated its first significant marketing and
advertising program.
Mediconsult was engaged by Novartis Consumer Health Canada
to develop a comprehensive on-line smoking cessation program for its Habitrol
brand, focused on Canadian consumers.
Mediconsult developed the website for
this program during early 1998, for which it received payment as services were
performed.
Mediconsult receives revenue for maintaining and upgrading this
program, beginning with its launch in June 1998, and receives monthly
advertising revenue for referring visitor traffic to the Habitrol website.

Mediconsult recently expanded the Habitrol program to provide French and
professional healthcare versions of the website.

     
Mediconsult has also generated revenue from developing programs for a
number of branded pharmaceutical products for Novartis Pharma, the worldwide
pharmaceutical division of Novartis.
Mediconsult is developing a custom version
of an electronic medical education product for Bristol-Myers Squibb.
In 1998,
revenue from Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb represented $0.7 million or 65%
total revenue.
In the twelve months ended December 31, 1999, revenue from
Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb represented $5.0 million or 76% of
Mediconsult's total revenue.
In the nine months ended September 30, 2000,
revenue from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Eli Lilly Company represented $12.5
million or 72% of our total revenue.
The loss of Bristol-Myers Squibb as a
customer or any changes to the existing relationship that are less favorable to
Mediconsult, or any significant reduction in traffic on or through the
Physicians' Online website, will materially and adversely affect Mediconsult's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

     
To date, Mediconsult's revenue has been generated primarily by its own
internal sales organization, Pharma Marketing, LLC and, to a lesser extent, by
third party advertising representatives.
As of September 30, 2000, Mediconsult
had an internal marketing, sales, program design and product development
organization of 87 professionals.
Mediconsult believes that it needs to
increase further the size of its internal marketing and sales organization in
order for it to execute successfully its growth strategy and, accordingly,
Mediconsult intends to hire additional marketing and sales professionals in
2001.


Visitor Traffic

     To improve the depth and breadth of Mediconsult's medical content and to
increase visitor traffic, in 1998 through September 2000, Mediconsult completed
strategic initiatives to purchase, manage or sponsor the following websites and
companies:

   o PharmInfo.com, a leading website providing information on pharmaceutical
     products and clinical trials for pharmacists, physicians and consumers.

     
o Inciid.org, a website providing information on infertility.

     
o Cyberdiet.com, a website providing tailored nutritional information and
     programs.

   
o Heartinfo.org, a leading website that provides high quality content and
     tools focused on heart disease and related areas that have attracted a
     large and growing number of visitors to the www.heartinfo.com website.

   
o Mood Sciences, Inc., a company that specializes in mental health disease
     management innovations.

   
o POL.net, the flagship site of Physicians' Online, a company with more
     authenticated doctor-users than any other medical website.

     
o Web Northstar Interactive Corp., a company specializing in online
research products.

     
o Storknet, a website dedicated to pregnancy and parenting issues.

     
As a consequence of the July 2000 decision to discontinue its consumer
businesses, Mediconsult initiated efforts in the third quarter of 2000 to sell
its consumer oriented assets.
To date, Mediconsult has successfully sold
substantially all of the assets of Cyber-Tech, Inc., Cyberdiet, Inc., and the
Storknet Website.
The sale of the Mood Sciences, Inc. assets is currently
pending.


Corporate

     Mediconsult was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of
Colorado in October 1989.
In April 1996, it purchased Mediconsult.com Limited,
a Bermuda corporation, through a merger in which Mediconsult.com Limited became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediconsult.
In December 1996, Mediconsult
consummated a reincorporation merger pursuant to which it became a Delaware
corporation.

     
Mediconsult conducts business primarily through Mediconsult.com Limited,
its Bermudan subsidiary.
In addition to Mediconsult.com Limited, Mediconsult
has established subsidiaries in the United States, Canada and the United
Kingdom.
Mediconsult's operations are conducted by Mediconsult.com Limited,
which has obtained an exemption from all Bermudan income taxes until the year
2016.
Mediconsult.com Limited has, however, entered into service agreements
with other subsidiaries of Mediconsult for their employees to provide services
to Mediconsult.com Limited.
These subsidiaries will be subject to income taxes
in their jurisdictions.
Mediconsult.com Limited may be deemed to be doing
business in the United States and thereby become subject to US taxation.


Stock Options and Warrants

     Mediconsult expenses stock options granted to employees over their vesting
period, based on their fair value at the date of grant, under Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123
"Accounting For Stock-Based
Compensation."
The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees
for services provided are expensed over the period the services are performed
in accordance with EITF 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are
Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling,
Goods or Services."

     
Pursuant to an agreement dated July 28, 1998 with Arnhold and S.
Bleichroeder, Inc. to provide Mediconsult with investment advisory services,
Mediconsult has issued to Arnold and S. Bleichroeder 100,000 shares of common
stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 shares of common stock
with an exercise price of $1.22 per share, which was the closing price of
Mediconsult's common stock on the contract date.
Of this amount, warrants for
200,000 shares of common stock were delivered upon the initial filing of a
prospectus and warrants for 200,000 shares of common stock were deliverable in
2000, if certain conditions were met.
Warrants for 100,000 shares were
delivered on March 15, 2000.
Delivery of the warrants will result in the
recognition of an expense in the statement of operations equal to the fair
value of the warrants on the date of delivery in accordance with EITF 96-18
"Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for
Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services."
At September 30,
2000, Mediconsult determined that the final 100,000 warrant shares will not
vest.

     
On March 23, 2000 the Company and Accenture, formerly known as Andersen
Consulting LLP, entered into a warrant agreement under which Mediconsult issued
Accenture warrants to purchase 1,503,425 shares of Mediconsult's common stock
at an exercise price of $3.8125 per share in connection with consulting
services rendered by Accenture to Mediconsult under a consulting services
agreement signed on September 10, 1999.
The warrants have a term of five years
and vest over time,

based upon consulting services performed by Accenture on Mediconsult's behalf.

In connection with the issuance of these warrants, Mediconsult reserved
1,503,425 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants.

     
During the quarter ended September 30, 2000, Mediconsult offered employees
an opportunity to cancel existing option grants in exchange for new, re-priced
option awards.
The re-pricing offer was for the same number of shares
cancelled; however, vesting of the re-priced options began at the new grant
date, and vesting of the new options does not automatically accelerate upon a
change in control of Mediconsult.
Of those eligible for the re-pricing, 3
accepted the offer, representing 104,500 option shares.
The re-pricing was
effective August 7, 2000.
The net affect on the second quarter option expense
as a result of the re-pricing was an increase of $3,641.

     
As a result of Mediconsult's restructuring, many participants in
Mediconsult's employee stock option plan were no longer eligible to participate
in the plan, and some or all of those employees' outstanding option grants were
forfeited.
The expense previously incurred relative to the issuance of these
option grants which were forfeited by certain employees was reversed in the
same period of the employees' termination, resulting in a credit balance for
the quarter ended September 30, 2000.


Results of Operations

     Revenue.
Revenue consists of fees received for the design, development and
implementation of online marketing and advertising programs, including website
development and implementation, advertising services, licensing our content and
website support.
Revenue was $0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1997,
$1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 233% over the
prior year, and $6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase
of 540% over the prior year.
Revenue was $17.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 and $3.7 million for the nine months ended September
30, 1999, an increase of 365%.
The period-to-period growth in revenue was
primarily attributable to acquisitions, an increase in the number of clients,
the number of marketing and advertising programs developed and implemented for
those clients and Mediconsult's newly introduced initiatives focused on the
delivery of electronic medical education over the Internet.

     
Product And Content Development.
Product and content development costs
include expenses incurred by Mediconsult to develop, enhance, manage, monitor
and operate its websites and to develop new products such as electronic medical
education and related products.
Prior to 1997, these costs consisted primarily
of third party software development expenses, which were deferred and amortized
over the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1998.
From 1997 onwards, these costs
have consisted primarily of salaries and fees paid to employees and consultants
to develop and maintain the software and information contained on Mediconsult's
websites.
For the year ended December 31, 1997, these costs were $0.8 million,
for the year ended December 31, 1998, these costs were $1.3 million, an
increase of 63% over the prior year, and for the year ended December 31, 1999
these costs were $7.6 million, an increase of 485% over the prior year.
Total
product and content development costs increased from $4.6 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999 to $19.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.
For 1997 and 1998, these costs related primarily to the
development of healthcare content.
In 1999 and 2000 these activities were
supplemented by both internal and third party expenses incurred for the
development of new products, such as electronic medical education as well as
costs incurred relating to acquisitions.

     
Marketing, Sales And Client Services.
Marketing, sales and client services
costs include expenses incurred by Mediconsult to obtain and maintain client
relationships.
These costs included salaries and fees paid to employees and
consultants, and programming costs.
In 1997, marketing, sales and client
services costs were $1.1 million and for the year ended December 31, 1998,
marketing, sales and client services costs were $1.8 million, an increase of
64% over the prior year.
For the year ended December 31, 1999, these costs were
$11.9 million, an increase of 561% over the prior year, consisting primarily of
costs associated with the development and implementation of specific client
marketing programs and of new prototype marketing and advertising programs.
A
substantial portion of the increase was attributable to acquisitions and a
marketing agreement entered into with Pharma

Marketing, LLC which resulted in sales and marketing efforts being
significantly increased.
Total marketing, sales and client service costs
increased from $7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to
$12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30,2000.
These costs
increased during this nine month period as Mediconsult's activities in
sponsorships and its medical educational programs increased.

     
General And Administrative Expenses.
General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related costs for general corporate
functions, including finance, accounting and legal expenses, and fees for other
professional services.
For the year ended December 31, 1997, general and
administrative expenses were $0.8 million.
These expenses were $1.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 25% over the prior year, and
$7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 610% over the
prior year.
Total general and administrative expenses increased from $3.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $5.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2000.
The increase in general and
administrative expenses was attributable to increased salaries and related
expenses associated with acquired companies and hiring additional personnel to
support the growth of Mediconsult's operations.
In addition, we opened offices
in New York and Toronto in 1999.

     
Depreciation And Amortization.
Depreciation and amortization expense
includes depreciation of tangible assets and software, using the straight line
method, over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Amortization expense
includes intangible assets such as goodwill.
For the year ended December 31,
1997, depreciation and amortization expense was $0.1 million.
These expenses
were $0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 100%
over the prior year, and $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an
increase of 1800% over the prior year.
The increases were primarily due to the
growth of Mediconsult, and the acquisitions completed in 1999, principally the
amortization of intangibles arising from the Physicians' Online transaction.

Depreciation and amortization expense increased from $1.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999 to $32.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.
These nine month period-to-period increases are primarily
due to the amortization of goodwill from the Physicians' Online acquisition
which was completed in December 1999.

     
Restructuring.
During the third quarter of 2000, Mediconsult initiated a
restructuring program.
The restructuring was intended to reduce its cost
structure for website operations and to focus resources on its core businesses
related to educating and connecting physicians and patients.
The restructuring
predominantly affected operations in Mediconsult's Canadian location.
During
the third quarter of 2000, a charge of approximately $2.8 million was recorded
with respect to the restructuring of Mediconsult's Canadian location and
website operations.
Approximately 100 employees were notified of terminations
as operations were curtailed in line with current demands for Mediconsult's
products.
As a result, 96 employees were terminated as of September 30, 2000
and the remaining employees were terminated as of December 31, 2000.

     
The restructuring plan was adopted due to several related factors,
including the continued difficulty in successfully executing a consumer
oriented business model and the costs associated with maintaining and enhancing
Mediconsult's consumer web properties, including, mediconsult.com,
heartinfo.org, cyberdiet.com, storknet.com, and pharminfo.com.
Furthermore, the
capital market's change in valuation of web-based healthcare companies has made
the raising of additional capital more difficult.
As a result of these factors
we adopted the described restructuring during the quarter ended September 30,
2000.

     
Mediconsult believes that the actions taken in conjunction with the
restructuring will not adversely affect its ability to increase revenue in any
material fashion.
The cost savings associated with the restructuring should
speed Mediconsult's transition to profitability and enhance future cash flows.

It is not anticipated that the cost savings realized as a result of the
restructuring will be offset by future cost increase, unless supported by
additional revenue justifying any such future cost increases.

     
Of the total restructuring charge, of $2.8 million, payments of $0.8
million were made in the three months ended September 30, 2000.
The balance of
$2.0 million will be paid over time, with the final payments being made upon
the expiration of the lease on the Canadian offices on September 30, 2004.

     
Impairment Of Long-Lived Assets.
As a further consequence of the factors
described in the foregoing discussion of restructuring charge taken in the
third quarter of 2000, in the same period, Mediconsult realized an impairment
of long-lived assets.
A charge of approximately $8.3 million was recorded in
this period related to the write-off of the carrying value of goodwill
originally acquired with the purchase of the operations affected by the
restructuring.
Mediconsult has determined that there will be no future cash
flows associated with the goodwill.
In addition, certain fixed assets used in
the operations affected by the restructuring will be disposed of during the
fourth quarter of 2000 resulting in a charge of approximately $0.3 million to
reflect a reduction in their carrying value to approximate their fair value,
which is the estimated sales price Mediconsult will receive for the fixed
assets.
Mediconsult believes that the actions taken in conjunction with
disposal of these assets will not adversely affect its ability to increase
revenue in any material fashion.

     
The charge realized for the impairment of long-lived assets is non-cash
and will have no adverse affect on Mediconsult's future cash flows.

     
Fair Value Of Options Granted To Employees.
Mediconsult has recorded
compensation expense in connection with the vesting of employee stock options
of $40,235 during the year ended December 31, 1997, $0.3 million during the
year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 646% over the prior year, and $2.0
million during the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 567% over the
prior year.
In the nine month period ended September 30, 2000 compensation
expense in connection with the vesting of employee stock options increased to
$1.5 million, an increase of $0.4 million or 36.3% over the expense recognized
in the nine month period ended September 30, 1999 of $1.1 million.
The
increases are attributable to an increase in the number of employees and the
number of options being granted to employees and an increase in the value of
each stock option granted.

     
Fair Value Of Options Granted To Consultants And Warrants Granted To Third
Parties.
The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees for
services provided are expensed over the period the services are performed in
accordance with EITF 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued
to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or
Services."
Mediconsult recorded compensation expense in connection with stock
options and warrants granted to consultants and third parties of $0 during the
year ended December 31, 1997, $1.4 million in the year ended December 31, 1998,
and $1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 1999 (an increase of 29%
over the prior year).
The related expense increased from $1.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $1.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.

     
Compensation expense represents the amortization of deferred compensation
that is measured based on the fair value of the options and warrants granted to
employees, consultants and third parties.
These amounts are amortized over the
vesting period of the applicable options.
Mediconsult has recorded deferred
compensation for the value of the options granted that have not yet vested of
$0.9 million as of December 31, 1998.
$16.1 million as of December 31, 1999 and
$8.3 million as of September 30, 1999.


Quarterly Results of Operations Data

     The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly consolidated
statement of operations data for each of the eight quarters ended December 31,
1999.
In Mediconsult's opinion, this data has been prepared on substantially
the same basis as the audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this
report and includes all necessary adjustments, consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments necessary for fair presentation of this data.
The
quarterly data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
the notes to these statements appearing elsewhere in this report.
The results
of operations for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results of
operations for any future period.

     
Mediconsult has limited operating history upon which to evaluate its
business and predict revenue and planned operating expenses.
Mediconsult's
quarterly operating results may vary significantly in the foreseeable future
due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside its control.
The timing
of its marketing program and electronic medical education product sales are two
of the most significant factors affecting quarterly results.
The time between
the date of initial contact with a potential client and the execution of a
contract with the client typically ranges from six weeks for smaller agreements
nine months for larger agreements.
These contracts are also subject to delays
over which Mediconsult has little or no control, including customers budgetary
constraints, their internal acceptance reviews whether or when regulatory
approval of their products is given by the Food and Drug Administration or
other regulatory authority, the possibility of cancellation or delay of
projects by clients and any post-approval actions taken by the FDA or other
regulatory authority, including product recalls.
During the selling process,
Mediconsult may expend substantial funds and management resources and yet not
obtain adequate revenue.
Once a contract is executed, a significant portion of
Mediconsult's revenue may be derived from custom development efforts and
implementation projects, rather than from recurring fees.
As a result,
Mediconsult cannot predict with certainty when it will perform the work
necessary to receive payment for these projects.
In addition, traffic levels on
websites have typically fluctuated during the summer, and during year-end and
holiday periods, and Mediconsult could experience a decrease in visitor traffic
to its websites during these periods.

                                                                                
Quarter Ended
                                                                                 (unaudited)
                                                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                                              Mar. 31,     Jun. 30,     Sept. 30,      Dec. 31,
                                                                1998         1998          1998          1998
                                                             ----------   ----------   -----------   -----------
                                                                               (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................    $   206      $   215       $   238      $    372
                                                              -------      
-------       -------      
--------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................        
250          260           401           405
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................        189          492           234           896
 General and administrative ..............................        171          137           183           435
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................         
39          126            45            46
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............         39           30            26           180
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........         --           --            --         1,354
                                                              -------      
-------       -------      
--------
 Total operating expenses ................................        688        1,045           889         3,317
                                                              -------      
-------       -------      --------
Loss from operations .....................................       (482)        (830)         (651)       (2,945)
Interest Income ..........................................         --           --            --            --
                                                              -------      
-------       -------      
--------
Net loss .................................................    $  (482)     $  (830)      $  (651)     $ (2,945)

Net loss per share .......................................    $ (0.03)     $ (0.05)      $ (0.04)     $  (0.16)
                                                              =======      =======       =======      ========

     In 1999, due to various factors the quarters ended March 31, June 30, and
September 30, 1999, were revised, after the initial filings were made.
The
following tables provide the Quarterly Results of Operations Data for each
quarter of 1999, as originally filed and as revised, including the effect of
the revisions.

                                                                     
Quarter Ended
                                                                      (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                 Mar. 31,        Mar. 31,
                                                                   1999            1999
                                                             ---------------   
------------
                                                              (as reported)      (revised)
                                                                     (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $    700         $    487
                                                                --------         
--------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................           
752              905
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................           738              738
 General and administrative ..............................           825              656
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................           
119              119
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............           191              152
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
 Total operating expenses ................................         2,625            2,570
                                                                --------         --------
Loss from operations .....................................        
(1,924)          (2,083)
Interest income ..........................................            
--               --
                                                                --------         
--------
Net loss .................................................        (1,924)          (2,083)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................            --               --
                                                                --------         
--------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      
$ (1,924)        $ (3,028)

Net loss per share .......................................      $  (0.10)        $  (0.16)
                                                                ========         ========

     The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended March 31, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                        Effect on Net Loss
                                                       -------------------
                                                          (in thousands)

Reduction of Revenue ...............................        $   (214)

Reflect dividends on preferred stock (1) ...........            (946)
Fair value of options granted to employees .........              
40

Other net decrease in operating expenses ...........              
16
                                                            --------
  Total effect .....................................        $ (1,104)
                                                            
========

- ----------------
(1) Amount is reflected as an increase to net loss attributable to common
shareholders.

                                                                     
Quarter Ended
                                                                      (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                 Jun. 30,        Jun. 30,
                                                                   1999            1999
                                                             ---------------   
------------
                                                              (as reported)      (revised)
                                                                     (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $  1,203         $    812
                                                                --------         
--------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................         
1,368            1,368
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................           837              837
 General and administrative ..............................           649              830
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................           
388              388
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............           384              391
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........         
2,269            1,498
                                                                --------         --------
 Total operating expenses ................................         5,896            5,312
                                                                --------         --------
Loss from operations .....................................        (4,693)          (4,500)
Interest income ..........................................           576              576
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss .................................................        (4,117)          (3,924)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      $ (4,117)        $ (3,924)
Net loss per share .......................................      $  (0.15)        $  (0.14)
                                                                ========         ========

     The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended June 30, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                           Effect on Net Loss
                                                          -------------------
                                                             Quarter Ended
                                                                06/30/99
                                                          -------------------
                                                             (in thousands)

Reduction of Revenue ..................................         
$ (391)
Fair value of options granted to employees ............             (7)
Fair value of warrants granted to consultants .........            
771
Other net decrease in operating expenses ..............           (180)
                                                                ------
  Total effect ........................................         $  193
                                                                ======

                                                                     Quarter Ended
                                                                      (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                 Sep. 30,        Sep. 30,
                                                                   1999            1999
                                                             ---------------   ------------
                                                              (as reported)      (revised)
                                                                     (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $  1,984         $  2,416
                                                                --------         --------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................         
2,369            2,369
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................         
2,764            6,087
 General and administrative ..............................         1,225            1,847
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................           885              885
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............         1,120              517
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........            --              210
                                                                --------         --------
 Total operating expenses ................................         8,364           11,915
                                                                --------         --------
Loss from operations .....................................        
(6,379)          (9,499)
Interest income ..........................................           
592              592
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss .................................................        (5,787)          (8,907)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      $ (5,787)        $ (8,907)
Net loss per share .......................................      $  (0.20)        $  (0.31)
                                                                
========         ========

     The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended September 30, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                             Effect on Net Loss
                                                            -------------------
                                                               Quarter Ended
                                                                  09/30/99
                                                            -------------------
                                                               (in thousands)

Increase in (reduction of) revenue ......................        $    432
Fair value of options granted to employees ..............             
603
Fair value of warrant granted to consultants ............            (210)
Expense amounts related to Pharma Marketing LLC .........          
(3,323)
Other net decrease in operating expenses ................            (622)
                                                                 --------
  Total effect ..........................................        
$ (3,120)
                                                                 
========

                                                              Quarter Ended
                                                               (unaudited)
                                                              Dec. 31, 1999
                                                             ---------------
                                                              (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $   2,647
                                                                ---------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................          2,933
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................          4,273
 General and administrative ..............................          3,723
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................          
2,366
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............            970
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........            126
                                                                ---------
 Total operating expenses ................................         14,391
                                                                ---------
Loss from operations .....................................        
(11,744)
Interest income ..........................................            
374
                                                                ---------
Net loss .................................................        (11,370)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................             --
                                                                ---------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      
$ (11,370)
Net loss per share .......................................      $   (0.35)
                                                                =========

                                                                                 Quarter Ended
                                                                                  (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 Mar. 31,           Jun. 30,           Sept. 30,
                                                                   2000               2000               2000
                                                             ----------------   ----------------   ----------------
                                                                                 (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................    $   6,224,191      $   4,539,703      $   6,507,105
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................        8,016,917          7,084,828          4,651,665
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................        4,975,119          3,327,309          3,841,144
 General and administrative ..............................        1,998,060         2,0238,218          1,643,070
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................       10,739,314         11,118,802         10,581,923
 Restructuring Charge ....................................               --                 --                 --
 Charge for impairment of long-lived assets ..............               --                 --          8,557,690
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............          682,344            952,214            (98,212)
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........          493,697          1,090,000            221,650
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
 Total operating expenses ................................       26,905,451         25,611,371         32,229,529
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
Loss from operations .....................................      (20,681,260)       (21,071,668)       (25,722,424)
Interest income (expense), net ...........................          142,689             38,261            (58,578)
                                                              -------------      
-------------      -------------
Net loss .................................................    $ (20,538,571)     $ (21,033,407)     $ (25,781,002)
Net loss per share .......................................    
$       (0.41)     $       (0.40)     $       (0.48)
                                                              =============      =============      =============

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Since inception, Mediconsult has financed operations primarily through the
public and private placement of equity securities and advances from its
principal stockholder.
Mediconsult's most significant financing transaction was
a public offering completed in April 1999 which raised net proceeds to
Mediconsult of $57 million.
As of December 31, 1999, Mediconsult had $22.3
million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $0.1 million at December 31,
1998.
In May 2000, Mediconsult received $6.5 million in proceeds from a
placement of equity securities to McKesson HBOC, Inc.
As of September 30, 2000,
the cash and cash equivalents balance was $0.9 million.

     
Mediconsult has incurred substantial costs to design, develop and
implement Internet-based marketing and advertising programs for clients, to
build brand awareness and to grow its business.
As a result, Mediconsult has
incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in each
quarter since commencing operations.
As of September 30, 2000, Mediconsult had
an accumulated deficit of $102.0 million.
These losses have been primarily
funded through the financing activities described above and by advances
aggregating $5.1 million by a stockholder, an entity controlled by Robert A.
Jennings, Mediconsult's former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Approximately $0.5 million of these advances were repaid and $4.3 million
converted to equity in 1999.
The balance was repaid in April 2000.

     
To date, Mediconsult has experienced negative cash flows from operating
activities.
For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash used in operating
activities was $2.5 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
used in operating activities was $2.7 million.
For the year ended December 31,
1999, net cash used in operating activities was $14.4 million.
Net cash used in
operating activities for these periods was primarily attributable to net losses
during these periods offset by certain non-cash expenses.
For the year ended
December 31, 1999, the increase in net cash used in operating activities was
attributable to a net operating loss of $26.3 million, offset by certain
non-cash items of $11.9 million in the aggregate.
This amount was comprised of
deferred compensation expense of $3.9 million related to stock options and
warrants granted to employees and consultants, depreciation of $0.6 million,
amortization of intangibles of $3.1 million, amortization of deferred
compensation related to shares issued for services and membership in Pharma
Marketing LLC of $1.5 million and net changes in operating working capital of
$2.8 million.
Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months
ended September 30,1999 was $10.3 million, compared to net cash used in
operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 of $21.9
million.
This increase in cash used was primarily attributable to net losses
during this period, which were partially offset by certain non-cash items of
$49.6 million.
This amount was comprised of depreciation and amortization of
$32.4 million, services rendered in exchange for common stock of $2.0 million,
restructuring charges of $2.8 million, impairment of long-lived assets of $8.6
million, and warrants granted to consultants and employees of $6.7 million.
Net
cash used reflected several factors, including (1) increased operating expenses
as our business volume increased; (2) an increase in accounts receivable of
$4.7 million; and (3) decreases in accounts payable of $3.3 million.

     
For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash used in investing
activities was $0.1 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
used in investing activities was $30,225.
For the year ended December 31, 1999,
net cash used in investing activities was $23.7 million.
Cash used in investing
activities during 1997 and 1998 related to capital expenditures, primarily the
acquisition of equipment.
In 1999, the balance was comprised of $2.4 million of
capital expenditures and $21.3 million on acquisition of subsidiaries, net of
cash acquired of $.2 million.
Net cash used in investing activities during the
nine months ended September 30,1999 was $15.7 million, compared to net cash
used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 of
$4.0 million.
This decrease in cash used was primarily attributable to the
reduction of acquisition activity and was partially offset by increased fixed
asset purchases.

     
For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash provided by financing
activities was $2.6 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
provided by financing activities was $2.4 million.
For the year ended December
31, 1999, net cash provided by financing activities was $60.3 million.
Net cash
proceeds from financing activities in 1997 and 1998 were primarily attributable
to net proceeds received from unsecured advances from a stockholder in the
aggregate amount of $2.6 million in 1997 and $2.2 million in 1998.
By December
31, 1999, $4.3 million of the cash advances from a stockholder made prior to
that date had been converted into junior preferred stock.
Net cash provided by
financing activities in 1999 comprised $57 million from the issuance of common
stock and $3.2 million from the issuance of senior preferred stock that was
subsequently converted to common stock.
We also had net repayments of $0.2
million to a stockholder in 1999 and realized $0.3 million from the exercise of
stock options.
Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 was $4.5 million.
The net cash provided by financing
activities in the nine

months ended September 30, 2000 was the result of a $6.5 million private
placement of Mediconsult common stock to McKesson HBOC, Inc. in May 2000.

     
As of December 31, 1999, Mediconsult had no principal capital commitments
outstanding.
During 2000, Mediconsult expects to repay $5.0 million of notes
payable.
In addition, at December 31, 1999 Mediconsult had lease obligations
totaling $1,266,000, as more specifically set forth below:

                Year                    Lease Obligations
- ------------------------------------   ------------------

  2000 .............................       $  434,000
  2001 .............................          227,000
  2002 .............................          227,000
  2003 .............................          218,000
  2004 .............................          
160,000
                                           ----------
  Total lease obligations ..........       $1,266,000

     Subsequent to December 31, 1999, Mediconsult has entered into additional
lease agreements which will increase its lease obligations in 2000, 2001, 2002,
2003, and 2004, by $801,567, $915,156, $915,156, $228,789, and $0,
respectively.

     
In connection with its sponsorship and management of INCIID.ORG,
Mediconsult has committed to pay INCIID $0.5 million per year beginning in 1999
for three years in equal quarterly installments, in cash or common stock as
Mediconsult determines with respect to each quarter.

     
Mediconsult's ability to generate significant revenue is uncertain.

Mediconsult incurred net losses of approximately $2.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 1997, $4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1998 and
$26.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Mediconsult incurred net
losses attributable to common stockholders of approximately $67.4 million and
$15.9 million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2000 and September
30, 1999, respectively.
Mediconsult expects losses from operations and negative
cash flow to continue for the foreseeable future and at least through the year
2000 as a result of its expansion plans and expectations that operating
expenses will increase in the next several years.
The rate at which these
losses will be incurred may increase from current levels.
Although Mediconsult
has experienced revenue growth in recent periods, its revenue may not remain at
current levels or increase in the future.
If its revenue does not increase and
if spending levels are not adjusted accordingly, Mediconsult may not generate
sufficient revenue to achieve profitability, which would have a material
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

Even if Mediconsult achieves profitability, it may not sustain or increase
profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.

     
Mediconsult's working capital requirements depend on numerous factors.

Mediconsult has experienced a substantial increase in expenditures since
inception consistent with growth in its operations and staffing, and
anticipates that this will continue for the foreseeable future.
Mediconsult
anticipates incurring additional expenses to increase its marketing and sales
efforts, for new product and content development and for technology and
infrastructure development.
Additionally, Mediconsult will continue to evaluate
possible investments in businesses, products and technologies, the expansion of
our marketing and sales programs and more aggressive brand promotions.
If
Mediconsult experiences a shortfall in revenue in relation to expenses, or if
its expenses precede increased revenue, its business, financial condition and
results of operation and could be materially and adversely affected.

     
Mediconsult has incurred significant losses and negative cash flow from
operations during the nine-months ended September 30, 2000 and expects these
conditions to continue for the foreseeable future.
In addition, Mediconsult is
in default on notes payable which were due on October 31, 2000.
Mediconsult has
negative working capital and needs additional capital to fund operations and
liquidate liabilities in the ordinary course of business during the year ending
December 31, 2001.
Management's current plan, which is discussed in greater
detail below, includes merging with Andrx

Corporation.
In the event Mediconsult's planned merger with Andrx is not
completed or if it is otherwise unable to obtain needed capital on appropriate
terms, operations would need to be significantly scaled back or discontinued.

     
In January 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors approved a merger
agreement with Andrx Corporation, under which Mediconsult will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation.

     
Under the merger agreement, each share of Mediconsult common stock, issued
and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will
automatically convert into 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to
adjustment.
In addition, options and warrants to acquire Mediconsult common
stock outstanding immediately before the effective time of the merger will be
assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted into options and warrants to acquire
Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock,
subject to adjustment.
The Cybear tracking stock is a class of Andrx common
stock designed to track the financial performance of Andrx Corporation's
Internet assets, which are referred to as Cybear.

     
In connection with the merger, Mediconsult entered into a credit agreement
with Cybear Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation, whereby,
Cybear Inc. agreed to provide Mediconsult with up to $2.0 million in interim
financing to fund its operating activities until the effective time of the
merger.
Amounts borrowed under such credit agreement are due on July 15, 2001,
and collateralized by all of the outstanding common stock of Physicians Online.

In the event that the merger agreement is terminated, the amount due is
convertible into shares of Mediconsult common stock at a conversion price of
$0.125 per share.
In addition, Mediconsult issued Cybear Inc. a warrant to
purchase 8,926,502 shares of Mediconsult common stock at an exercise price of
$0.125 per share, exercisable up to January 9, 2006 but only in the event that
the merger agreement is terminated and Mediconsult is obligated to pay the $1.0
million termination fee.

     
In the event that the merger is terminated under certain conditions
defined in the agreement, the breaching party will pay the other party a
termination fee of $750,000.
In the event that the merger agreement is
terminated certain conditions defined in the merger agreement, Andrx will
receive a termination fee of $1.0 million, in addition to the issuance of a
warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then outstanding capital stock of
Mediconsult.

     
Although a significant portion of Mediconsult's revenue is derived from
activities conducted outside the United States, fees paid to Mediconsult have
been and are expected to continue to be paid in U.S. dollars.
However, a
substantial portion of Mediconsult's payroll is paid, and it is expected that
rent under leases of office facilities outside the United States will be paid,
in currencies other than U.S. dollars.
Because its financial results are
reported in U.S. dollars, they are affected by changes in the value of the
various foreign currencies in which Mediconsult makes payments in relation to
the U.S. dollar.
Mediconsult does not cover known or anticipated operating
exposures through foreign currency exchange option or forward contracts.
The
primary currency for which Mediconsult has foreign currency exchange rate
exposure is the Canadian dollar.
Mediconsult's financial instruments, including
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities and advances from shareholder are carried at cost, which
approximates their fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
instruments.


Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     Mediconsult's management believes that the future adoption of recently
issued accounting standards will not have a material impact on Mediconsult's
financial statements, except that Mediconsult is currently evaluating the
future impact that Staff Accounting Bulletin 101, "Revenue Recognition," issued
in December 1999 by the Securities and Exchange Commission, will have on its
financial statements.

                            
BUSINESS OF MEDICONSULT

Overview

     Mediconsult was founded as a Delaware corporation in 1996.
It uses the
Internet to educate and connect doctors and patients.
Mediconsult's web
communities and interactive solutions educate physicians, empower patients and
enable more effective doctor-patient relationships.
Mediconsult provides
relevant tools, reliable services and quality medical information, that save
doctors time and improve health outcomes for their patients.

     
Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
responsible for the majority of healthcare spending.
By fostering communities
centered on prevalent medical conditions and health issues, Mediconsult
believes it creates significant opportunities for pharmaceutical and other
healthcare companies to effectively reach physician and patient audiences using
Internet-based educational, marketing and sponsorship programs.

     
On December 16, 1999, Mediconsult completed the acquisition of Physicians'
Online, Inc., a physicians-only Internet service that provides doctors with
clinically oriented services, tools, and information.
It is a secure,
physicians-only environment featuring access to clinical discussion groups,
medical databases, daily medical news, continuing medical education credits,
clinical symposia, e-mail accounts, Internet access, secure prescription
transactions, market research and recruiting services, among other services.

Membership is free so long as the member does not use Physicians' Online as its
Internet Service Provider.
Physicians' Online's services are principally
supported by pharmaceutical and direct-to-physician advertising sponsors as
well as subscription fees from its members using it as an Internet Service
Provider and MDDirect, a physician recruitment business.

     
Mediconsult address is 560 White Plains Road, 4th Floor, Tarrytown, NY
10591.
Its telephone number is (914) 332-6100 and its principal websites are
www.mediconsultinc.com and www.pol.net.
Information contained on its websites
is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of this proxy
statement/prospectus.


Industry Background

     As consumers have become more proactive in their personal healthcare
decisions, they have increasingly searched for information about medical
conditions, treatment alternatives and medical outcomes.
This trend has also
accelerated the use and acceptance of the Internet by healthcare providers.
The
Internet enables individuals, whether patients or healthcare professionals, to
access large quantities of this information quickly and easily.
With this
growth in healthcare information available online, and the ubiquity of the
Internet, physicians and other healthcare professionals have begun to accept
the Internet as a tool enabling them to more effectively and efficiently
provide healthcare to their patients.

     
The Rapid Growth Of The Internet.
The growth of the Internet as a new
means of communicating, accessing information and engaging in commerce has been
rapid and is expected to accelerate.
Jupiter Communications estimates that the
number of Internet users worldwide will grow to approximately 250 million by
the end of 2002.
This growth is being driven by a number of factors, including
a growing base of personal computers in the home and workplace, improvements in
network infrastructure, more convenient, faster and inexpensive Internet
access, technological advances in PCs and modems, increased quantity and
quality of content available on the Internet and the overall increased public
awareness of the Internet.
Due to its large audience, the Internet represents a
significant channel for advertisers.

     
The Interactive Nature Of The Internet.
The Internet provides an effective
method for individuals to access large quantities of reliable and independent
information on medical conditions, treatment alternatives and medical outcomes.

Mediconsult believes that access to this information,

together with support groups and interaction with medical experts on-line,
leads to a greater understanding of health issues and improved patient
compliance with pharmaceutical protocols.
The Internet also provides an
attractive vehicle for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies to
increase consumers' awareness of diagnosed and undiagnosed medical conditions
and treatment options.
The Internet allows pharmaceutical companies to easily
provide information targeted to visitors' needs, which may lead to improved
patient compliance with prescribed drug therapies.
It has been estimated that
10% of prescriptions are never filled, 33% are not properly refilled and 50%
are not taken as prescribed, resulting in poorer health outcomes for patients
and increased expenditures to the overall healthcare system.

     
Advertising On The Internet.
The Internet's interactive nature, coupled
with the demographics of the Internet healthcare user, makes the Internet an
attractive vehicle for both direct-to-consumer and direct-to-healthcare
professional advertising of prescription pharmaceuticals.
Mediconsult believes
that the Internet will capture an increasing portion of this market as
pharmaceutical companies recognize the value of this medium for their products.

     
Delivery Of Medical Education Over The Internet.
The Internet's
interactive nature and the ability to access the medium from home, office and
many other locations makes the Internet a viable alternative to existing
methods of delivering medical education to healthcare professionals.

Mediconsult believes that the Internet will capture an increasing portion of
spending for medical education as pharmaceutical companies recognize the
Internet as a reliable, cost-effective alternative to traditional methods of
delivering medical education to healthcare professionals.


The Solution

     Through its websites, Mediconsult addresses physicians and consumers'
needs for healthcare information and provides a targeted marketing and
advertising platform for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies.
Key
elements of this solution include:

     High Quality Trusted Content; User-Friendly Environment.
Mediconsult
provides its visitors with high quality content on specific medical conditions
and health issues and an easy-to-navigate environment.
Its staff searches for
and reviews extensive amounts of health information and selects relevant
material from a wide variety of sources, including medical journals, healthcare
association literature and general periodicals.

     
Large, Highly Targeted Audience.
Mediconsult's websites are designed to
attract a highly desirable target audience of healthcare professionals and
patients for pharmaceutical manufacturers and other healthcare companies.

Mediconsult has developed a sophisticated, integrated database of demographic
information about healthcare professionals' and patients' needs, habits,
preferences and intentions.
Mediconsult is able to identify its visitor traffic
patterns by condition or health issue, which provides relevant information for
clients seeking to target an audience for a particular pharmaceutical product
or condition.

     
Broad, Sophisticated Internet Healthcare Marketing And Advertising
Programs.
Mediconsult designs, develops, and implements broad, sophisticated
Internet compliance, launch, marketing and direct-to-consumer advertising
programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies and provides ongoing
support services as part of these programs.
Mediconsult utilizes its extensive
knowledge of the Internet healthcare user and its high quality, focused content
to effectively design and develop programs focused on a particular product or
health issue.
These programs incorporate one or more of a broad spectrum of
Internet-based tools and products ranging from condition diagnosis tools, to
targeted site sponsorships, to customized websites containing relevant content
from its websites.
In addition, Mediconsult delivers high quality, real-time
interactive medical education programs via the Internet.


Mediconsult Strategy

     Effective upon its acquisition of Physicians' Online, Mediconsult changed
its business strategy and announced that it would no longer be selling banner
advertisements on its patient-focused websites.
Mediconsult is now primarily
focused on physicians as the driving force of most healthcare spending.

Mediconsult operates the first and one of the most active online network of
physicians -- Physicians' Online.
Physicians' Online has been operating since
1992.
The Physicians' Online network offers a number of services and tools for
physicians that focus on the physician's on-line clinical needs, including:

     o journal articles;
     o medical associations;
     o medical news;
     o practice management tools;
     o continuing medical education;
     o discussion forums;
     o e-mail;
     o Internet access;
     o recruitment services;
     
o build-a-website;
     o Rx sample ordering; and
     o e-commerce.

     
The Physicians' Online network is accessible only by members that have
been authenticated as practicing U.S.-based physicians prior to their entering
the site.
The authentication process requires the physician to provide personal
information that is then matched to the American Medical Association database,
or to provide other appropriate documentation like a medical license, for
example, via fax.
Once the physician has been authenticated, Mediconsult
provides him or her with a username and password to use each time they visit
the network.

     
Physicians' Online operated an ISP as an additional service to its
members.
Historically, approximately half of Physicians' Online's active
members accessed the service through the Physicians' Online ISP.
However, in
the Fall of 2000, Mediconsult announced a strategic alliance with AT&T Internet
Services to provide Internet access to the Physicians' Online membership.
Since
this announcement, the number of Physicians' Online members accessing the
Physicians' Online Website has declined rapidly as they migrated to other
methods of accessing the Internet.
Effective January 31, 2001, the Physicians'
Online ISP will be terminated and all members will be required to access the
site via other ISPs.

     
The most popular features of the Physicians' Online site are the clinical
discussion forums, medical literature searches and e-mail.
There are more than
35,000 active discussion `threads' on Physicians' Online.
Members can post
clinical information about a difficult case and receive advice from their
colleagues.

     
As a result of the Physicians' Online merger, Mediconsult has one of the
largest authenticated, physicians-only audiences, combined with one of the
largest patient audiences.
This asset allows Mediconsult to focus more intently
on the opportunities in areas such as electronic medical education, as
evidenced by its September 1999 agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb, and
physician programs such as the Mydoctor.com initiative which allows a
Physicians' Online-member physician to create his or her own custom website in
only minutes.

     
In the patient healthcare arena, Mediconsult's primary focus historically
was the design, development and implementation of interactive solutions that
educated physicians, empowered patients and enabled a more effective
physician/patient relationship.
Mediconsult continues to create and maintain
communities of doctors and patients and specialize in enabling communication
between

members of these two distinct communities.
However, since July 2000, when
Mediconsult announced the discontinuance of its patient-oriented websites, the
importance of direct-to-consumer advertising programs has diminished
substantially.
Mediconsult has announced its intent to sell these consumer
sites and has completed the sale of heartinfo.org, cyberdiet.com and
storknet.com.
The sale of the Mood Sciences website and assets is pending.

     
Broaden Relationships With Pharmaceutical Companies.
Mediconsult seeks to
broaden relationships with pharmaceutical companies in several ways.
It
attempts to expand relationships with existing clients to broaden the number of
programs, both in terms of number of products and types of client services,
provided to them.
For example, Mediconsult's work with the Ethicon Endo-Surgery
unit of Johnson & Johnson as a discussion group sponsor has led to other
opportunities to expand its services within Johnson & Johnson.
Mediconsult also
continues to actively pursue a number of additional major pharmaceutical
companies and other healthcare clients with proposals tailored to their
specific products and marketing strategies.

     
Build Strong Brand Awareness.
Mediconsult believes that establishing brand
awareness is critical to attracting and retaining visitors and advertisers.

Mediconsult seeks to build its brand by creating a superior visitor experience
and creating broad awareness of its name as the trusted, secure, on-line source
for healthcare information for healthcare professionals and their patients.


Products and Services

  Physician-Oriented Products and Services

     Mediconsult primarily designs and develops physician-oriented programs.

These include programs such as electronic medical education, and the
Mydoctor.com suite of products to physicians and patients.
Through Physicians'
Online, Mediconsult also offers secure physician-only communities that allow
medical professionals to openly discuss clinical issues and outcomes, and other
services designed to facilitate the physician/patient relationship.

  
Marketing and Advertising Programs

     Mediconsult designs, develops and implements sophisticated on-line
marketing and advertising programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare
companies.
These programs are intended to educate physicians and patients on
particular medical conditions, increase their awareness of treatment options,
describe the benefits of various treatments and generally increase compliance
with treatment protocols.
Mediconsult's programs include:

     o condition-specific site sponsorships, visitor polls and surveys, to
build brand awareness;

     o condition-specific content, to educate the targeted visitor group;

     o calls to action and other visitor interactions, such as requests for
     product samples;

   o design and development of customized websites focused on a particular
     product, treatment or medical condition; and

     o development of product positioning strategies and initiation of on-line
program launches.


Joint Ventures, Strategic Acquisitions and Relationships

  Joint Ventures

     In February 1999, Mediconsult entered into a memorandum of agreement to
form a 50/50 joint venture with CommonHealth LLP.
The venture was intended to
focus on providing pharmaceutical

and other healthcare companies with innovative approaches to marketing their
products in comprehensive marketing and advertising campaigns containing both
significant Internet components and traditional media such as, print,
television and direct marketing.
Based upon changed strategic focus, the
documentation to finalize the venture was not completed, and during 1999,
CommonHealth and Mediconsult agreed to terminate the relationship.

  
Strategic Acquisitions and Sponsorship Programs

     In the past Mediconsult grew its consumer oriented businesses through
strategic acquisitions and agreements.
In July 2000, Mediconsult announced the
discontinuation of its consumer oriented businesses.
This announcement led to
the sale of several websites and their associated assets and the termination of
active updating and marketing of the other consumer websites.
These
transactions and their current status is as follows:

     Inciid.org. Inciid.org is a website providing information on infertility.

In February 1999, Mediconsult entered into an exclusive sponsorship agreement
with the InterNational Counsel on Infertility Information Dissemination, a
not-for-profit organization granting Mediconsult, among other things, the sole
right to place advertisements on the inciid.org website and to link traffic.

This relationship has been terminated by Mediconsult and is the subject of a
pending arbitration proceeding.
The parties have just recently executed a
settlement agreement.

     
Cyberdiet.com. Cyberdiet.com is a website providing tailored nutritional
information and programs.
On May 11, 1999, Mediconsult completed the
acquisition of CyberDiet, Inc., the owner of cyberdiet.com which provides
tailored nutritional information and programs, in exchange for 400,000 shares
of its common stock issued to the former shareholders of CyberDiet.
The total
purchase price, including acquisition costs and assumption of net liabilities,
was $2.8 million.
The fair value of shares provided as consideration was
determined by the market price of the shares at the announcement date, February
25, 1999.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets acquired was
recorded as goodwill and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over five
years.
The cyberdiet.com website and certain related assets were sold to
Dietwatch.com, Inc. in December 2000 in exchange for $250,000 and DietWatch.com
stock valued at $1.0 million.

     
Cyber-tech, Inc.
Cyber-tech is a company that has developed and provides
high quality content and tools focused on heart disease and related areas that
have attracted a large and growing number of visitors to the www.heartinfo.org
website.
On June 14, 1999, Mediconsult acquired all of the capital stock of
Cyber-Tech.
The consideration paid to Cyber-Tech shareholders consisted of
$3,765,000 in cash and 267,732 shares of Mediconsult common stock.
Mediconsult
and the shareholders of Cyber-Tech also entered into an escrow agreement with
respect to certain of the shares of Mediconsult common stock issued to the
former Cyber-Tech shareholders.
The total transaction value, including
acquisition costs, was $7.6 million.
The fair value of shares provided as
consideration was determined by the market price of the shares at the
transaction date.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets acquired was
allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
Goodwill and other
intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an
estimated useful life of three to five years.
Certain assets of Cyber-Tech,
including the heartinfo.org website were sold to Quadrant Healthcom in November
2000.

     
Mood Sciences, Inc.
Mood Sciences is a company that specializes in mental
health disease management innovations.
Mood Sciences was acquired on October
27, 1999, in exchange for 215,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.
The total
purchase price, including acquisition costs of $0.2 million and assumption of
net liabilities of $0.2 million, was $1.9 million.
The fair value of shares
provided as consideration was determined by the market price of the shares at
the transaction date.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets acquired
was recorded as goodwill and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over
five years.
Mediconsult is currently completing negotiations to sell
substantially all of the assets of Mood Sciences to the founder of Mood
Sciences.
Mediconsult expects to complete this transaction in the first quarter
of 2001.

     
Physicians' Online, Inc. Physicians' Online is a company with more
authenticated doctor-users than most other medical website.
On December 16,
1999, Mediconsult acquired the shares of Physicians' Online, a provider of an
exclusive network for physicians in addition to on-line medical information and
communications.
Physicians' Online operates a secure, physicians-only
environment featuring access to medical databases, daily medical news,
continuing medical education credits, clinical symposia, e-mail accounts,
Internet access, and other services.
As consideration for the acquisition,
Mediconsult issued approximately 18.5 million shares of Mediconsult common
stock.
The total value of consideration was $183.1 million, including the
assumption of debt and acquisition costs.
Identifiable intangible assets
resulting from the transaction are amortized over periods ranging from three to
five years.


Sales and Marketing

     Until September 1999, Mediconsult's sales and marketing was managed
entirely by Mediconsult employees.
In September 1999, Mediconsult entered into
a relationship with Pharma Marketing, LLC under which responsibility for sales
and marketing of certain aspects of its business to pharmaceutical companies is
managed by this newly formed company.
Marketing and program design continue to
be managed by its own employees.

     
Pharma Marketing is a marketing company formed in September 1999 which, as
its only business, conducts sales and marketing activities on behalf of
Mediconsult.
On September 7, 1999, Mediconsult entered into a membership
investment agreement for the purchase of 35% of the aggregate membership
interests of Pharma Marketing for $1,250,000 and 200,000 shares of Mediconsult
common stock.
The remaining 65% of Pharma Marketing is owned by a certain
individual.
Under the terms of an operating agreement with and among
Mediconsult, Pharma Marketing and the individual, the $1,250,000 contributed by
Mediconsult and 100,000 of the 200,000 shares that Mediconsult issued to Pharma
Marketing, were distributed to this individual in September 1999.
In September
2000, the remaining 100,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock were distributed
to this individual.

     
Mediconsult generally seeks to hire individuals with significant
experience in program design, marketing and from the Internet and healthcare
industries.


Infrastructure, Operations and Technology

     Mediconsult's operating infrastructure has been designed and implemented
to support the reliable and swift delivery of hundreds of thousands of page
views a day.
The design of its websites allows for growth into millions of page
views per day.
Web pages are generated and delivered, in response to visitors'
requests by any one of multiple web servers.
Key attributes of this
infrastructure include scalability, performance and service availability.

     
Mediconsult has deployed a standard production and development server
environment utilizing standard software solutions running on generally
available server hardware platforms.
Mediconsult is currently transitioning its
systems hosted at various offsite facilities to an in-house software
environment to be located in the United States in its Tarrytown, NY facilities.

Its web-based software systems use standard, off-the-shelf software components.

Mediconsult's strategy is to license and integrate "best-of-breed" commercially
available technology from industry leaders such as IBM, Sun Microsystems and
Microsoft whenever possible.
Mediconsult believes this architecture will allow
it to increase rapidly the scale of its systems in a cost-effective manner.

     
Mediconsult's production data is copied to backup tapes each night and
stored at a third party, off-site storage facility.
Mediconsult does not have a
comprehensive disaster recovery plan but is in the process of developing such a
plan to respond to system failures.
Mediconsult has engaged International
Computer Security Associates to conduct a security audit of its systems.
Strict
password management and physical security measures are followed.


Competition

     There are many companies that provide Internet and non-Internet based
education, content, marketing and advertising services to the healthcare
industry.
All of these companies compete with Mediconsult for clients, and
Internet healthcare companies also compete with it for visitor traffic.

Mediconsult expects competition to continue to increase as there are no
substantial barriers to entry in its markets.
Increased competition could
result in reductions in the fees Mediconsult receives for its services, lower
margins, loss of clients, reduced visitor traffic to its websites, or loss of
market share.
Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect
its business, financial condition and results of operations.
Competition is
also likely to increase significantly, not only as new entities enter the
market, but also as current competitors expand their services.
Mediconsult's
principal competitors include:

   o advertising agencies and consulting firms, such as Young & Rubicam and
     Agency.com, that develop marketing and advertising programs for
     pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies;

   o websites that deliver consumer and professional healthcare information,
     either as their sole focus or as part of a more broadly-based site, such
     as iVillage, OnHealth, WebMD, and Medscape;

   o
Other, larger companies that either have entered the Internet healthcare
     markets or have announced an intention to do so, such as IMS Health,
     McKesson HBOC, Quintiles Transnational, and National Data Corporation;

   o general purpose consumer online service providers, such as America Online
     and the Microsoft Network;

     o website development firms, such as USWeb/CKS; and

   o publishers and distributors of television, radio and print, such as FOX,
     CBS, Disney, NBC and Time Warner.

     
Mediconsult's ability to compete depends on a number of factors, many of
which are outside of its control.
These factors include quality of content,
ease of use, timing and market acceptance of new and enhanced services, and
level of sales and marketing efforts.

     
Many of its existing competitors, as well as a number of potential new
competitors, have longer operating histories, greater name recognition,
existing relationships with pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies and
significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than
Mediconsult does.
This may allow them to devote greater resources than
Mediconsult to the development and promotion of their services.
These
competitors may also engage in more extensive development efforts, undertake
more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies
and make more attractive offers to existing and potential employees,
advertisers and alliance partners.
Mediconsult's competitors may develop
services that are equal or superior to those provided by Mediconsult or that
achieve greater market acceptance and brand recognition than Mediconsult
achieves.
In addition, current and potential competitors have established or
may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties
to increase their ability to address the needs of advertisers.
It is possible
that new competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.

Mediconsult may not be able to compete successfully or competitive pressures
may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and
financial condition.
If clients perceive the Internet generally or its websites
in particular to be a relatively limited or ineffective medium, clients may be
reluctant to devote a significant portion of their budgets to Internet
advertising or to advertise on its websites.


Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Domain Names

     Mediconsult protects its intellectual property through a combination of
trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality with
employees, customers, independent contractors

and strategic partners.
Mediconsult pursues the registration of its domain
names, trademarks and service marks in the United States, and has obtained
trademark registration in the United States of the "MEDICONSULT.COM" and
"PHYSICIANS' ONLINE" marks and assert various other trademarks and
servicemarks.
Effective trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret
protection may not be available in every country in which its services and
products are made available on-line.
Mediconsult obtains a majority of its
content from the public domain.
In addition, Mediconsult creates some of its
own content and obtains rights to use the balance of its content from third
parties.
It is possible that Mediconsult could become subject to infringement
actions based upon the content obtained from these third parties.
In addition,
others may use this content and Mediconsult may be subject to claims from
licensors.
Mediconsult currently has no patents; however, it has one patent
pending which was acquired in the Mood Sciences transaction.
This pending
patent will be transferred to the purchaser of the Mood Sciences assets at the
time the transaction closes.
Mediconsult does not anticipate that patents will
become significant part of its intellectual property in the future.
Mediconsult
seeks to enter into confidentiality agreements with its employees and
independent consultants and has instituted procedures to control access to and
distribution of its technology, documentation and other proprietary information
and the proprietary information of others.
The steps Mediconsult takes to
protect its proprietary rights may not be adequate and third parties may
infringe or misappropriate its copyrights, trademarks, service marks and
similar proprietary rights.
In addition, other parties may assert claims of
infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary rights against
Mediconsult.
The legal status of intellectual property on the Internet is
currently subject to various uncertainties.


Human Resources

     As of September 2000, Mediconsult employed 166 full-time employees, of
whom 19 were in marketing, sales and program design, 68 were in product and
content development, 20 were in administration and corporate services, and 59
were in operations and support.
Competition for personnel is intense and
Mediconsult may not be able to retain its senior management or other key
personnel in the future.
None of its current employees is represented by a
labor union or is the subject of a collective bargaining agreement.
Mediconsult
believes that its relations with employees are good.
Since September 30, 2000,
Mediconsult has reduced its workforce substantially.
As of January 26, 2001,
Mediconsult employs approximately 85 individuals.


Government Regulation and Legal Uncertainties

     General.
There is an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining
to the Internet.
In addition, a number of legislative and regulatory proposals
are under consideration by federal, state, local and foreign governments and
agencies.
Laws or regulations may be adopted with respect to the Internet
relating to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the
Internet, online content regulation, visitor privacy, taxation and quality of
products and services.
Moreover, the applicability to the Internet of existing
laws governing issues such as intellectual property ownership and infringement,
copyright, trademark, trade secret, obscenity, libel, employment and personal
privacy is uncertain and developing.
Any new legislation or regulation, or the
application or interpretation of existing laws may have an adverse effect on
Mediconsult's business.
In addition to Internet regulation, Mediconsult's
websites may be subject to numerous state and federal laws that govern the
delivery of healthcare services and goods in the United States.
These laws
range from laws prohibiting the offer, payment or receipt of remuneration to
induce referrals to entities providing healthcare services and goods to
licensure requirements as well as special protection for healthcare data.
These
laws are complicated and are under constant revision and interpretation.
These
laws and their active enforcement, particularly in the area of healthcare
fraud, affects the way all healthcare providers structure their business
relationships and deliver healthcare services and goods.
New developments in
this area could affect the structure and operation of Mediconsult's business.

In the event some state or federal regulatory agency determined that
Mediconsult's relationship with one or

more of its clients that deliver healthcare services or goods violate any such
laws, then Mediconsult could be subjected to fines and other costs and could be
required to revise or terminate that portion of its business.

     
Liability for Information Retrieved From the Company's Websites and From
the Internet.  
Content may be accessed on Mediconsult's websites and this
content may be downloaded by visitors and subsequently transmitted to others
over the Internet.
This could result in claims against Mediconsult based on a
variety of theories, including defamation, practicing medicine without a
license, malpractice, obscenity, negligence, copyright or trademark
infringement or other theories based on the nature, publication and
distribution of this content.
Some of these types of claims have been brought,
sometimes successfully, against providers of Internet services in the past.

Mediconsult could also be exposed to liability with respect to third-party
content that may be posted by visitors in chat rooms or bulletin boards offered
on its websites.
It is also possible that if any information contains errors or
false or misleading information, third parties could make claims against
Mediconsult for losses incurred in reliance on such information.
In addition,
Mediconsult may be subject to claims alleging that, by directly or indirectly
providing links to other websites, it is liable for copyright or trademark
infringement or the wrongful actions of third parties through their respective
websites.
The Communications Decency Act of 1996 provides that, under certain
circumstances, a provider of Internet services shall not be treated as a
publisher or speaker of any information provided by a third-party content
provider.
This safe harbor has been interpreted to exempt certain activities of
providers of Internet services.
Mediconsult's activities may prevent it from
being able to take advantage of this safe harbor provision.
While Mediconsult
attempts to reduce its exposure to such potential liability through, among
other things, visitor policies and disclaimers, the enforceability and
effectiveness of such measures are uncertain.
Any claims brought against
Mediconsult in this respect may have a material and adverse effect on its
business.

     
On-Line Content Regulations.
While Mediconsult does not believe the
content on its websites is obscene or indecent, its websites contain healthcare
content which is explicit in nature and is intended for a mature audience.

Several federal and state statutes prohibit the transmission of certain types
of indecent, obscene or offensive content over the Internet to certain persons.

The enforcement of these statutes and initiatives, and any future enforcement
activities, statutes and initiatives, may result in limitations on the type of
content and advertisements available on Mediconsult's websites.
Legislation
regulating online content could dampen the growth in use of the Internet
generally and decrease the acceptance of the Internet as an advertising and
e-commerce medium, which could have a material adverse effect on its business,
results of operations and financial condition.
Mediconsult adheres to the
Health on the Network code of conduct which establishes guidelines for health
information on the Internet.

     
Privacy Concerns.
The Federal Trade Commission, commonly referred to as
the FTC, is considering adopting regulations regarding the collection and use
of personal identifying information obtained from individuals when accessing
websites, with particular emphasis on access by minors.
Such regulations may
include requirements that companies establish certain procedures to, among
other things: (1) give adequate notice to consumers regarding information
collection and disclosure practices, (2) provide consumers with the ability to
have personal identifiable information deleted from a company's database, (3)
provide consumers with access to their personal information and with the
ability to rectify inaccurate information, (4) clearly identify affiliations or
a lack thereof with third parties that may collect information or sponsor
activities on a company's website and (5) obtain express parental consent prior
to collecting and using personal identifying information obtained from children
under 13 years of age.
Such regulation may also include enforcement and redress
provisions.
While Mediconsult has implemented or intends to implement programs
designed to enhance the protection of the privacy of its visitors, including
children, there can be no assurance that such programs will conform with any
regulations adopted by the FTC.
The FTC's regulatory and enforcement efforts
may adversely affect the ability to collect demographic and personal
information from visitors, which could have an adverse effect on Mediconsult's
ability to provide highly targeted opportunities for clients, advertisers and
e-commerce marketers.

     
It is also possible that "cookies", information keyed to a specific
server, file pathway or directory location that is stored on a visitor's hard
drive, possibly without the visitor's knowledge, used to track demographic
information and to target advertising may become subject to laws limiting or
prohibiting their use.
A number of Internet commentators, advocates and
governmental bodies in the United States and other countries have urged the
passage of laws limiting or abolishing the use of cookies.
Limitations on or
elimination of Mediconsult's use of cookies could limit the effectiveness of
its targeting of advertisements, which could have a material adverse effect on
its business, results of operations and financial condition.

     
The European Union, or EU, has adopted a directive that imposes
restrictions on the collection and use of personal data.
Under the Directive,
EU citizens are guaranteed certain rights, including the right of access to
their data, the right to know where the data originated, the right to have
inaccurate data rectified, the right to recourse in the event of unlawful
processing and the right to withhold permission to use their data for direct
marketing.
The directive could, among other things, affect U.S. companies that
collect information over the Internet from individuals in EU member countries,
and may impose restrictions that are more stringent than current Internet
privacy standard in the United States.
In particular, companies with offices
located in EU countries will not be allowed to send personal information to
countries that do not maintain adequate standards of privacy.
The directive
does not, however, define what standards of privacy are adequate.
As a result,
there can be no assurance that the directive will not adversely affect the
activities of entities, such as Mediconsult, which engage in data collection
from visitors in EU member countries.

     
Domain Names.
Domain names are Internet "addresses."
The current system
for registering, allocating and managing domain names has been the subject of
litigation, including trademark litigation, and of proposed regulatory reform.

Mediconsult has registered as URLs, the domain names "mediconsult.com,"
"mediconsultinc.com" and "pol.net" among other URLs.
Although we have
registered "MEDICONSULT.COM" and "PHYSICIANS' ONLINE" as trademarks, third
parties may bring claims for infringement against Mediconsult for the use of
these trademarks.
There can be no assurance that Mediconsult's domain names
will not lose their value, or that Mediconsult will not have to obtain entirely
new domain names in addition to or in lieu of its current domain names if
reform efforts result in a restructuring of the current system.

     Jurisdictions.
Due to the global nature of the Internet, it is possible
that, although transmissions by Mediconsult over the Internet originate
primarily in the United States, the governments of other states and foreign
countries might attempt to regulate such transmissions or prosecute Mediconsult
for violations of their laws.
These laws may be modified, or new laws enacted,
in the future.
Any of the foregoing developments could have a material adverse
effect on Mediconsult's business, results of operations and financial
condition.
In addition, as Mediconsult service is available over the Internet
in multiple states and foreign countries, these jurisdictions may claim that we
are required to qualify to do business as a foreign corporation in each state
or foreign country.
Mediconsult has not qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation in any jurisdiction.
This failure to qualify as a foreign
corporation in a jurisdiction where it is required to do so could subject
Mediconsult to taxes and penalties and could result in its inability to enforce
contracts in such jurisdictions.
Any new legislation or regulation, the
application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not
currently apply to our business, or the application of existing laws and
regulations to the Internet and other online services could have a material
adverse effect on Mediconsult business, financial condition and results of
operations.


Description of Property

     Mediconsult maintains corporate headquarters in Tarrytown, New York.
The
Tarrytown lease agreement for approximately 24,000 square feet of corporate
headquarters space expires in 2004.
Mediconsult operates out of offices in one
additional location Berwyn, Pennsylvania.
Mediconsult also has employees
geographically dispersed who work out of home offices, independent or client
offices.

     
Mediconsult owns or leases a variety of computers and other computer
equipment for its operational needs.
This year Mediconsult significantly
upgraded and expanded its computers and related equipment in order to increase
efficiency, enhance reliability, and provide the necessary base for business
expansion.

     
Mediconsult believes that its facilities and equipment are suitable and
adequate for its business as presently conducted.


Legal Proceedings

     Mediconsult's wholly-owned subsidiary, Physicians' Online is a defendant
in a lawsuit in which a former officer and director of Physicians' Online
alleges, among other things, that Physicians' Online violated securities laws
in selling stock to the former officer and that Physicians' Online breached its
employment agreement with the former officer.
This action is currently in the
United States District Court in New York.
Physicians' Online has made a motion
in the United States District Court action seeking dismissal of the action.
By
Order dated August 14, 1997, United States District Court Judge for the
Southern District of New York (a) dismissed the first two counts of the former
officer's Amended Complaint alleging violation of certain provisions of the
Securities Act with prejudice, and (b) dismissed the third, fourth and sixth
counts of the former officer's Amended Complaint alleging securities fraud,
common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation; with leave to replead.
By
letter dated November 4, 1997, the former officer notified the Court of the
former officer's decision not to replead the former officer's third, fourth and
sixth counts at this time.

     
Mediconsult is party to an arbitration proceeding in New York, New York in
which the International Council of Infertility Information Dissemination is
pursuing a claim that Mediconsult has violated the exclusive sponsorship
agreement between it and Mediconsult.
Mediconsult believes it has meritorious
defenses to the claims asserted in the proceeding.
Settlement discussions are
currently pending in this matter.

     
Mediconsult is also party to a number of other claims and lawsuits
incidental to its business.

     
Mediconsult's management, based on the advice of counsel, believes that
the ultimate outcome of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will
not have a material adverse effect on Mediconsult results of operations.

                 
BENEFICIAL SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MEDICONSULT

     The following table sets forth, as of the record date, information with
respect to the beneficial ownership of Mediconsult's common stock by (1) each
person who is known by Mediconsult to beneficially own 5% or more of
Mediconsult's outstanding common stock, (2) Mediconsult's chief executive
officer and each of the other named executive officers, as defined in the
Securities Exchange Act, (3) each director of Mediconsult, and (4) all
directors and executive officers of Mediconsult as a group.
Mediconsult is not
aware of any beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock
other than as set forth in the following table.

                                                
Number of Shares       Percent of Class
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)      
Beneficially Owned(2)       
Outstanding
- -----------------------------------------   -----------------------   -----------------

Robert A. Jennings(3) ...................          
12,597,752                22.6%
Ian D. Sutcliffe(4) .....................           1,260,000                 2.2
Timothy McIntyre ........................             200,000                   *
Barry Guld(5) ...........................              
70,000                   *
James L. Bierman ........................                  --                  --
Michael Hand ............................                  --                  --
Edward Kuhlenkamp .......................             504,000                  --
E. Michael Ingram(6) ....................             752,000                 1.3
JHC Limited(7) ..........................          11,807,752                21.2
All directors and executive officers
 as a group (8 persons)(8) ..............          15,383,752                27.2

- ----------------
 *  Less than 1%.
(1)
Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o
    Mediconsult.com, Inc., 560 White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591.

(2) Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in this table have sole
    voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Mediconsult
    common stock listed, which includes shares of Mediconsult common stock
    that such persons have the right to acquire a beneficial interest in
    within 60 days, but does not include any shares of Mediconsult common
    stock that may be deemed to be beneficially owned by Andrx Corporation as
    a result of the merger agreement or credit agreement.

(3) Represents 790,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock held by Mr. Jennings
    and 11,807,752 shares held by JHC Limited, an entity he controls.

(4) Includes 500,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock issuable upon the
    exercise of stock options.

(5) Represents 70,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock issuable upon the
    exercise of stock options.

(6) Represents 502,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock and 250,000 shares of
    Mediconsult common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

(7) Mr. Jennings controls JHC Limited, a Bermuda company.

(8) Includes 920,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock issuable upon the
exercise of stock options.

                           
EXPENSES OF SOLICITATION

     Mediconsult will pay the cost of soliciting proxies for the special
meeting.
In addition to soliciting by mail, Mediconsult directors, officers and
other employees may solicit proxies in person, or by telephone, facsimile
transmission or other means of electronic communication.
Mediconsult will also
pay brokers, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians their reasonable fees
and expenses for sending proxy materials to beneficial owners and obtaining
their instructions.
Mediconsult may retain a proxy solicitor to perform
solicitation services.

                            
LEGAL AND TAX OPINIONS

     Broad and Cassel, a partnership including professional associations,
Miami, Florida has rendered an opinion concerning the validity of the shares of
Cybear tracking stock being issued in the merger.
Broad and Cassel has also
rendered an opinion concerning certain tax matters described under "The
Merger--United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.
"

                                    EXPERTS

     Andrx Corporation's financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and 1998
and for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 1999
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus and Cybear Inc.'s
financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 and for each of the two
fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 1999 and the period from February
5, 1997 (inception) through December 31, 1997 have been so included in reliance
on the reports of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent certified public
accountants, given on their authority as experts in giving said reports.

     
Mediconsult's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 1999
and 1998 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1999,
included in this proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance
on the report (which contains an emphasis of matter paragraph relating to
Mediconsult's need to obtain additional capital to fund operations and
liquidate liabilities in the ordinary course of business during the year ending
December 31, 2001, as described in note 21 to the financial statements) of
PricewaterhouseCoopers, independent accountants, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

     
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Hamilton, Bermuda, Mediconsult's former public
accounting firm was dismissed on June 20, 2000.
Neither of
PricewaterhouseCoopers's reports on the financial statements of Mediconsult for
the past two years contained an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, or
was qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles.
Mediconsult's decision to change public accountants was approved by
both its audit committee and its full board of directors.

     
During Mediconsult's two most recent fiscal years, the most recent interim
period for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 and through the date of the
filing of this proxy statement/prospectus, there were no disagreements with
PricewaterhouseCoopers on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement, disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which
disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of PricewaterhouseCoopers,
would have caused PricewaterhouseCoopers to make a reference to the subject
matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports in the financial
statements for such years.

     
The firm of Ernst & Young LLP was engaged by Mediconsult on June 23, 2000,
as Mediconsult's principal public accountant to audit its financial statements
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2000.

                  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.
                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.:

                                                                                      
Page
                                                                                     -----

Report of Independent Accountants ................................................    F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 .....................    F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
 December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 ................................................    F-4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended
 December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 ................................................    F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
 December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 ................................................    F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .......................................    F-7
Nine Months Year to Date Interim Unaudited Financial Information .................   F-22
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) ...........................   F-25

                                      F-1

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Mediconsult.com, Inc.

     
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity
and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Mediconsult.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1999 and
1998, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1999 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

     
As discussed in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flow from operations
during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and expects these conditions to
continue for the foreseeable future.
In addition, the Company is in default on
notes payable which were due on October 31, 2000.
The Company has negative
working capital and needs additional capital to fund operations and liquidate
liabilities in the ordinary course of business during the year ending December
31, 2001.
In connection therewith, the Company has entered into an agreement to
merge with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation.


PricewaterhouseCoopers
Hamilton, Bermuda

 March 20, 2000 (except for footnote 20 which is dated as of March 31, 2000
 and footnote 21 which is dated as of January 31, 2001.)

                                      F-2

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                           
----------------------------------
                                                                                 1999               1998
                                                                           ----------------   ---------------

ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents .............................................    $  22,320,814      $    135,053
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $31,875
   and $0 at December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively (Note 3)..........        1,062,574           135,790
 Unbilled Revenue ......................................................        3,433,663
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets .............................          556,646                --
                                                                            -------------      ------------
    Total current assets ...............................................       27,373,697           270,843
 Fixed assets, net (Note 7) ............................................        2,291,772            52,790
 Intangible assets, net (Note 8) .......................................      193,115,481           818,750
                                                                            -------------      ------------
    Total assets .......................................................    $ 222,780,950      $  1,142,383
                                                                            =============      ============
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses .................................    $  10,591,054      $    243,413
 Advances from shareholder (Note 10) ...................................          314,979           513,589
 Deferred revenue ......................................................          322,488           107,000
 Notes payable (Note 9) ................................................        4,974,100                --
                                                                            -------------      ------------
    Total current liabilities ..........................................       16,202,621           864,002
                                                                            -------------      ------------
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 17, 20 and 21)

Mandatorily redeemable
 Senior preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized,
   1,000,000 shares designated, no shares issued and outstanding at
   December 31, 1999 and 1998 ..........................................               --                --
Stockholders' equity:
 Junior preferred stock $0.001 par value, 4,000,000 shares designated,
   none and 430,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
   1999 and 1998, respectively .........................................               --         4,300,000
 Common stock, $.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized,
   49,633,275 and 18,519,950 shares issued and outstanding at
   December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively ............................           49,634            18,520
 Additional paid-in capital ............................................      
257,263,537         5,242,981
 Deferred compensation .................................................      (16,051,925)         (884,109)
 Accumulated deficit ...................................................      (34,682,917)       (8,399,011)
                                                                            -------------      ------------
    Total stockholders' equity .........................................      206,578,329           278,381
                                                                            -------------      ------------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity .........................    $ 222,780,950      $  1,142,383
                                                                            =============      ============

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                             financial statements.

                                      
F-3

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                     ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                           1999               1998              1997
                                                                     ----------------   ---------------   ---------------

Revenues .........................................................    $   6,362,226      $  1,030,934      $    256,374
                                                                      -------------      ------------      ------------
Operating expenses:
  Product and content development ................................        
7,574,171         1,316,188           765,864
  Marketing, sales and client services (Note 5) ..................       11,934,645         1,811,710         1,130,340
  General and administrative .....................................        7,055,865         1,012,719           792,213
  Depreciation and amortization ..................................        3,758,210           170,439           132,768
  Fair value of options granted to employees .....................        2,031,251           275,145            40,235
  Fair value of options and warrants granted to consultants
   and third parties .............................................        1,834,175         1,354,000                --
                                                                      -------------      ------------      ------------
    Total operating expenses .....................................       34,188,317         5,940,201         2,861,420
                                                                      -------------      ------------      ------------
Loss from operations .............................................      (27,826,091)       (4,909,267)       (2,605,046)
Interest income (expense), net ...................................        1,542,185                --           (20,000)
                                                                      -------------      ------------      ------------
Net loss .........................................................      (26,283,906)       (4,909,267)       (2,625,046)
Dividends on preferred stock .....................................         (945,505)               --                --
                                                                      -------------      ------------      ------------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .....................    $ (27,229,411)     $ (4,909,267)     $ (2,625,046)
                                                                      
=============      ============      ============
Per common share data:
Basic and diluted net loss per share .............................    $       (1.02)     $      (0.27)     $      (0.16)
                                                                      =============      ============      ============
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding
  used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share .........       
26,711,890        17,910,898        16,729,900
                                                                      =============      ============      ============

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                             financial statements.

                                      
F-4

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
             FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997, 1998 AND 1999

                                                  Junior Preferred Stock          Common Stock
                                               -----------------------------
-----------------------
                                                   Shares         Amount        Shares      Amount
                                               -------------
---------------
------------ ----------

BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1997 ...................       --      $       --      16,209,400   $16,209
Conversion of debentures .....................       --              --       1,000,000     1,000
Options exercised ............................       --              --          82,000        82
Stockholder advances converted to shares .....  250,000       2,500,000                        --
Issuance of compensatory stock options .......       --              --                        --
Amortization of deferred compensation ........       
--              --                        --
Net loss .....................................       --              --              --        --
                                                -------      ----------      ----------   -------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1997 .................  250,000       2,500,000      17,291,400    17,291
Shares issued in exchange for services .......       --              --         100,000       100
Shares issued for acquisition of
 PharmInfoNet ................................       --              --         100,000       100
Stockholder advances converted to shares .....  180,000       1,800,000                        --
Stock options exercised ......................       --              --       1,028,550     1,029
Compensation to non-employees ................       --              --                        --
Issuance of compensatory stock options .......                       --                        --
Amortization of deferred compensation ........                       --                        --
Net loss .....................................       --              --              --        --
                                                -------      
----------      ----------   -------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 .................  430,000       4,300,000      18,519,950    18,520
Issuance of common stock in exchange for
 services and membership interest in
 PharmaMarketing .............................                       --         
200,000       200
Shares issued for acquisition of subsidiaries                        --      19,446,571    19,447
Beneficial conversion of Senior
 Redeemable Preferred Stock ..................                       --                        --
Issuance of common stock in secondary
 public offering, net of issuance costs of
 $5,411,208...................................                       --       4,800,000     4,800
Accretion of Senior Preferred redeemable
 dividend ....................................                       --                        --
Accretion of Junior Preferred dividend .......    8,600          86,000                        --
Conversion of Senior Preferred Stock to
 Common Stock ................................                       --         506,329       506
Junior preferred shares converted to
 common stock ................................
(438,600)     (4,386,000)      3,732,752     3,733
Stock options exercised ......................                                2,236,400     2,237
Amortization of deferred compensation
 related to shares issued to Pharma
 Marketing LLC ...............................                       --                        --
Issuance of compensatory stock options .......                       --                        --
Deferred compensation associated with
 options issued to in connection with
 acquisitions ................................

Issuance of stock upon warrants exercise .....                                   
91,273        91
Issuance of stock upon cash-less exercise of
 warrants ....................................                                  100,000       100
Issuance of warrants to consultants for
 services ....................................                       --                        --
Amortization of deferred compensation ........                       --                        --
Amortization of deferred compensation to
 third parties ...............................                       --                        --
Net loss .....................................       --              --              --        --
                                               --------      ----------      ----------   -------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1999 .................       --      $       --      49,633,275   $49,634
                                               ========      ==========      ==========   =======

                                                  Additional
                                                    Paid-In          Deferred        Accumulated
                                                    Capital        Compensation        Deficit          Total
                                               ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ---------------

BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1997 ...................  $    994,976    $         --      $   (864,698)    $    146,487
Conversion of debentures .....................       499,000              --                --          500,000
Options exercised ............................         3,768              --                --            3,850
Stockholder advances converted to shares .....            --              --                --        2,500,000
Issuance of compensatory stock options .......       153,512        (153,512)               --               --
Amortization of deferred compensation ........            --          40,235                --           40,235
Net loss .....................................            --              --        (2,625,046)      (2,625,046)
                                                
------------    ------------      ------------     ------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1997 .................     
1,651,256        (113,277)       (3,489,744)         565,526
Shares issued in exchange for services .......       119,900              --                --          120,000
Shares issued for acquisition of
 PharmInfoNet ................................       818,650              --                --          818,750
Stockholder advances converted to shares .....            --              --                --        1,800,000
Stock options exercised ......................       
253,199              --                --          254,228
Compensation to non-employees ................     1,354,000              --                --        1,354,000
Issuance of compensatory stock options .......     1,045,976      (1,045,976)               --               --
Amortization of deferred compensation ........            --         275,144                --          275,144
Net loss .....................................            --              --        (4,909,267)      (4,909,267)
                                                ------------    ------------      ------------     ------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 .................     5,242,981        (884,109)       (8,399,011)         278,381
Issuance of common stock in exchange for
 services and membership interest in
 PharmaMarketing .............................     1,649,800      (1,650,000)               --               --
Shares issued for acquisition of subsidiaries    166,732,938              --                --      166,752,385
Beneficial conversion of Senior
 Redeemable Preferred Stock ..................       859,505              --                --          859,505
Issuance of common stock in secondary
 public offering, net of issuance costs of
 $5,411,208...................................    56,983,992              --                --       56,988,792
Accretion of Senior Preferred redeemable
 dividend ....................................      (859,505)             --                --         (859,505)
Accretion of Junior Preferred dividend .......       (86,000)             --                --               --
Conversion of Senior Preferred Stock to
 Common Stock ................................     3,159,494              --                --        3,160,000
Junior preferred shares converted to
 common stock ................................     
4,382,267              --                --               --
Stock options exercised ......................       249,361              --                --          251,598
Amortization of deferred compensation
 related to shares issued to Pharma
 Marketing LLC ...............................            --       1,454,300                --        1,454,300
Issuance of compensatory stock options .......    13,162,053     (13,162,053)               --               --
Deferred compensation associated with
 options issued to in connection with
 acquisitions ................................     3,841,314      (3,841,314)               --               --
Issuance of stock upon warrants exercise .....       111,262                                            111,353
Issuance of stock upon cash-less exercise of
 warrants ....................................          (100)                                                --
Issuance of warrants to consultants for
 services ....................................     1,834,175      (1,834,175)               --               --
Amortization of deferred compensation ........            --       2,031,251                --        2,031,251
Amortization of deferred compensation to
 third parties ...............................            --       1,834,175                --        1,834,175
Net loss .....................................            --                       (26,283,906)     (26,283,906)
                                                ------------                      ------------     ------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1999 .................  $257,263,537    $(16,051,925)     $(34,682,917)    $206,578,329
                                                ============    ============      ============     ============

          The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                             financial statements.

                                      
F-5

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                      Year Ended
                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                   -----------------

                                                                                   -----------------

Cash flows from operating activities
 Net loss ........................................................................   $ (26,283,906)
 
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
   Depreciation of fixed assets ..................................................         
626,440
   Amortization of intangible assets .............................................       3,131,770
   Services received in exchange for common stock ................................              --
   Amortization of deferred compensation related to shares issued for
    services and membership interest in Pharma marketing .........................       1,454,300
   Fair value of options and warrants granted to consultants and employees  .            
3,865,426
   Changes in assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable ..........................................................        (618,499)
    Deferred medical content costs ...............................................              --
    Unbilled revenue .............................................................      (3,433,663)
    
Prepaid expenses and other current assets ....................................        (401,322)
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses ........................................       7,374,835
    Deferred revenue .............................................................        (107,000)
                                                                                     
-------------
     Net cash used in operating activities .......................................     (14,391,619)
                                                                                     
-------------
Cash flows from investing activities
 Fixed assets purchases ..........................................................      (2,405,857)
 Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired of $166,220....................     (21,329,896)
                                                                                     
-------------
     Net cash used in investing activities .......................................     (23,735,753)
                                                                                     
-------------
Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds of advances from shareholder ...........................................         
629,989
 Repayment of advances from shareholder ..........................................        (828,599)
 Proceeds from issuance of senior redeemable preferred shares, net of
   offering costs of $40,000......................................................       3,160,000
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants...............................................         111,353
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock in a secondary offering, net of
   issuance costs of $5,411,208...................................................      56,988,792
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options .........................................         
251,598
                                                                                     -------------
     Net cash provided by financing activities ...................................      60,313,133
                                                                                     -------------
Increase (decrease) in cash ......................................................      22,185,761
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ...................................         
135,053
                                                                                     -------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year .........................................   $  22,320,814
                                                                                     =============

                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                   ---------------------------------
                                                                                         1998             1997
                                                                                   ----------------
----------------

Cash flows from operating activities
 Net loss ........................................................................   
$ (4,909,267)    $ (2,625,046)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
   Depreciation of fixed assets ..................................................        170,439          132,768
   Amortization of intangible assets .............................................             --               --
   Services received in exchange for common stock ................................        
120,000               --
   Amortization of deferred compensation related to shares issued for
    services and membership interest in Pharma marketing .........................             --               --
   Fair value of options and warrants granted to consultants and employees  .           
1,629,144           40,235
   Changes in assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable ..........................................................         22,020         (157,810)
    Deferred medical content costs ...............................................             --          161,600
    Unbilled revenue .............................................................             --               --
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets ....................................             --               --
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses ........................................        
201,014          (19,301)
    
Deferred revenue .............................................................        107,000               --
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
     Net cash used in operating activities .......................................     (2,659,650)      (2,467,554)
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
Cash flows from investing activities
 Fixed assets purchases ..........................................................        (30,225)        (120,474)
 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired of $166,220....................             --               --
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
     Net cash used in investing activities .......................................        (30,225)        (120,474)
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds of advances from shareholder ...........................................      
2,169,751        2,591,997
 Repayment of advances from shareholder ..........................................             --               --
 Proceeds from issuance of senior redeemable preferred shares, net of
   offering costs of $40,000......................................................             --               --
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants...............................................             --               --
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock in a secondary offering, net of
   issuance costs of $5,411,208...................................................             --               --
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options .........................................        254,228            3,850
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
     Net cash provided by financing activities ...................................      2,423,979        2,595,847
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
Increase (decrease) in cash ......................................................       (265,896)           7,819
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ...................................        400,949          393,130
                                                                                     ------------     ------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year .........................................   $    135,053     $    400,949
                                                                                     ============     ============

Non-cash financing and investing activities (Notes 4, 5 and 6)


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      
F-6

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. ORGANIZATION

     Mediconsult.com, Inc. ("Mediconsult" or the "Company") is a provider of
physician and patient-oriented healthcare information and services on the world
wide web.
The Company's sites provide a source of medical information and are
designed to empower physicians and consumers through increased professional and
consumer education regarding medical conditions and treatment alternatives.

These sites also provide a destination on the Internet where visitors can
interact with others in communities centered around chronic medical conditions
and other health issues.
The Company facilitates this environment through an
array of complementary services such as moderated on-line support groups and
discussion forums.
The Company operates in an environment of rapid change in
technology and is dependent upon the continued services of its current
employees, consultants and subcontractors.

     
The Company was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of
Colorado in October 1989.
In April 1996, the Company purchased Mediconsult.com
Limited, a Bermuda corporation (MCL), through a merger in which MCL became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
In December 1996, the Company
consummated a reincorporation merger pursuant to which Mediconsult became a
Delaware corporation.

     
In April 1999 the Company sold 4,800,000 shares of common stock in a
secondary public offering for $13 per share.
The Company raised $56,988,792,
net of offering expenses.


2. NEED FOR FUTURE CAPITAL

     The Company has sustained losses and negative cash flows from operations
since inception and expect these conditions to continue for the foreseeable
future.
At December 31, 1999 and 1998, the Company had an accumulated deficit
of $34,682,917 and $8,399,011 respectively and working capital (deficit) of
$11,171,076 and $(593,159), respectively.
Management expects that available
cash resources as of December 31, 1999, in addition to future revenue generated
from clients, will be sufficient to meet anticipated needs for working capital
and capital expenditures through at least the end of the first quarter of
fiscal 2001.
Although the Company believes it has sufficient resources to
support its operations, it may need to raise additional funds in order to fund
more rapid expansion, to develop new or enhance existing services or products,
to respond to competitive pressures, to acquire complementary products,
businesses or technologies and to execute its long term business strategy.

There can be no assurance that any required additional financing will be
available on terms favorable to the Company if at all.
If additional funds are
raised by the issuance of equity securities, stockholders will experience
dilution of their ownership interest and these securities may have rights
senior to those of the holders of the common stock.
If additional funds are
raised by the issuance of debt or preferred stock, it may subject the Company
to certain limitations of its operations, including limitations on the payment
of dividends.
If adequate funds are not available or not available on
acceptable terms, the Company may need to scale back or discontinue operations,
including our inability to fund its expansion, successfully promote its brand
name, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance services
or respond to competitive pressures or execute its business strategy, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.


3.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     A) USE OF ESTIMATES

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
     accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
     disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
     financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
     during the reporting period.
Significant estimates made by management
     include allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of intangibles,
     estimated useful lives of tangible and intangible

                                      F-7

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES--(Continued)
     assets, contingencies, percentage of completion contracts, fair value of
     options and warrants and accruals.
Actual results could differ from those
     estimates.

     B) BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

     These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
     Mediconsult and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All intercompany balances
     and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.

     
C) REVENUE RECOGNITION

     The Company's revenues are derived primarily from the development and
     implementation of on-line marketing and advertising programs for
     pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies.
Development work could
     include marketing research, focus-group testing, on-line testing of
     visitor preferences, and development of customized client web sites.
Such
     revenues are recognized on the basis of contractual commitments over the
     period of each engagement using the percentage-of-completion method based
     on labor hours and costs incurred as the measure of progress towards
     completion.
Provisions for contract adjustments and losses are recorded in
     the period that such items are identified.
Deferred revenue represents
     amounts billed in advance of services being performed.
Unbilled revenue
     represents revenue recognized but not billed.
At December 31, 1999,
     unbilled revenue primarily relates to Bristol-Myers Squibb.
The Company
     has billed and collected $2 million of such unbilled revenue subsequent to
     December 31, 1999.

     
Revenue from the sale of banner advertisements is recognized ratably in
     the period in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that no
     significant Company obligations remain and collection is probable.
Company
     obligations typically include guarantees of minimum number of
     "impressions", or times that an advertisement appears in pages viewed by
     users of our on-line properties.
To the extent minimum guaranteed
     impressions are not met, the Company defers recognition of the
     corresponding revenues until the remaining guaranteed impression levels
     are achieved.

     
Other revenues include licensing, Internet Service Provider subscriptions
     in connection with Physicians' Online, and electronic commerce.
Revenues
     from the licensing of content are recognized ratably over the period of
     the license agreement.
Subscription service revenues are recognized over
     the period that services are provided.

     
D) CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

     Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant
     concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash
     equivalents, and accounts receivable.
Cash and cash equivalents are held
     at six institutions.
Accounts receivable are typically uncollateralized
     and are derived from revenues earned from pharmaceutical customers
     primarily located in the United States and Europe.
Management performs
     ongoing credit evaluations of the Company's customers and maintains
     reserves for potential credit losses.
One customer accounted for 75% of
     the accounts receivable and unbilled revenue balance at December 31, 1999.
     
Another customer accounted for 53% of the accounts receivable and unbilled
     revenue balance at December 31, 1998.
During 1999 and 1998, two customers
     accounted for 76% and 65% of total revenues, respectively.

     
E) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     The Company considers all highly liquid investments which have original
     maturities of three months or less, when acquired, to be cash equivalents.
     
The carrying amount reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash
     equivalents approximates its fair value.

                                      F-8

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES--(Continued)
     F) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS

     The Company accounts for software development in accordance with Statement
     of Financial Accounting Standards No. 86
"Accounting for Costs of Computer
     Software to Be Sold, Leased or Marketed" which requires that certain
     software product development costs incurred after establishment of
     technological feasibility has been established, be capitalized and
     amortized, commencing the general release of the software to the public,
     over the economic life of the product.
To date, the Company did not incur
     such costs.

     
Software acquired from third parties or obtained in business combinations
is depreciated over its useful lives.

     
G) FIXED ASSETS

     Property and equipment, mainly comprised of purchased computer equipment
     and software is recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line
     method over their estimated useful lives of two years.
The carrying
     amounts and accumulated depreciation for fixed assets sold or retired are
     eliminated from the respective accounts and gains or losses realized on
     disposition are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of
     operations.

     
H) INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Intangible assets are comprised mainly of software, customer lists,
     goodwill and the content and design of certain web sites.
Intangible
     assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated future
     periods to be benefited ranging from three to five years.

     
Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
     in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
     recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
     comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted
     cash flows of the businesses acquired.
If the assets are considered to be
     impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by
     which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value
     of the assets.
To date, no impairment loss has occurred.

     
I) MARKETING, SALES AND CLIENT SERVICES

     Advertising costs are recorded as expense the first time an advertisement
     appears.
All other advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
The Company
     does not incur any direct-response advertising costs.

     
J) EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION COMPENSATION

     The Company accounts for employee stock-based compensation in accordance
     with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
No. 123
     "Accounting For Stock-Based Compensation."
The Company recognizes as an
     expense the fair value of options granted to employees, on the date of the
     grant, and amortizes such expense over the vesting period.
The fair value
     of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
     that takes into account the exercise price, expected life of the options,
     current market price of the common stock and its expected volatility,
     expected dividends on the common stock, and the risk-free interest rate
     based on zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to
     the expected life of the options.

                                      F-9

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES--(Continued)
     K) CONSULTANT STOCK OPTION AND THIRD PARTY WARRANT COMPENSATION

     The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees for
     services rendered is recognized as an expense in accordance with EITF
     96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than
     Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or
     Services."

     L) INCOME TAXES

     The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of
     SFAS 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."
SFAS 109 requires that the
     Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected
     future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial
     statements or tax returns.
Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and
     assets are determined on the basis of the difference between the tax basis
     of assets and liabilities and their respective financial reporting amounts
     ("temporary differences") at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years
     in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.
A valuation
     allowance is established for any deferred tax assets not expected to be
     recoverable.

     M) BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE

     Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net loss
     available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
     shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
     gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during a
     period, consisting primarily of the incremental common shares issuable
     upon conversion of the convertible preferred stock (using the if-converted
     method) and shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and
     warrants (using the treasury stock method).
Common equivalent shares are
     excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive.
Loss
     available to common shareholders is computed by increasing net loss for
     dividends declared in the period on preferred stock and the dividends
     accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock from net loss.

     
N) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     In June 1997, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
     SFAS 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income."
SFAS 130 establishes standards
     for reporting comprehensive income (loss) and its components in a
     financial statement.
Comprehensive income (loss) as defined includes all
     changes in equity (net assets) during a period from non-owner sources.
For
     all years presented, the Company's comprehensive loss was equal to net
     loss.

     
O)
SEGMENTS

     In June 1997, the FASB issued SFAS 131, "Disclosures About Segments Of An
     Enterprise And Related Information."
This statement establishes standards
     for reporting information about operating segments in annual financial
     statements.
It also establishes standards for related disclosures about
     products and services, geographic areas, and major customers.
The Company
     operates in a single segment and therefore, the adoption of SFAS 131 has
     had no impact on the financial statements of the Company.

     
P) FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     SFAS 107
"Disclosure About The Fair Value Of Financial Instruments,"
     requires disclosure about the fair value of certain financial instruments.
     
The Company's financial instruments, including cash and cash

                                      F-10

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES--(Continued)
     equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
     liabilities, notes payable and advances from shareholder are carried at
     cost which approximates their fair value because of the short-term
     maturity of these instruments.

     Q) RECLASSIFICATIONS

     Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to
     the 1999 consolidated financial statement presentation.

     R)
RECENT PRONOUNCEMENTS

     Management believes that the future adoption of recently issued accounting
     standards will not have a material impact on the Company's financial
     statements, except that the Company is currently evaluating the future
     impact that Staff Accounting Bulletin 101, "Revenue Recognition," issued
     in December 1999 by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may have on
     the Company's financial statements in the future.


4. ACQUISITIONS

     All acquisitions were accounted for as purchased business combinations
under APB 16 "Business Combinations.
"

     A) PHARMINFO.COM

     On December 31, 1998, the Company acquired the content and design of the
     PharmInfo.com web site in exchange for 100,000 shares of Mediconsult
     common stock.
The total purchase price was $0.8 million, equivalent to the
     quoted market price of the Company's shares on the date of close, which
     was recorded as goodwill.
The goodwill is being amortized on a
     straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of three years.

     B) CYBERDIET, INC.

     
On May 11, 1999, the Company completed the acquisition of CyberDiet, LLC,
     which provides tailored nutritional information and programs, in exchange
     for 400,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.
The total purchase price,
     including acquisition costs and assumption of net liabilities, was $2.8
     million.
The fair value of shares provided as consideration was determined
     by the market price of the shares at the announcement date (February 25,
     1999).
The excess of the purchase price over net assets acquired was
     recorded as goodwill and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over
     five years.

     C) CYBER-TECH, INC.

     
On June 14, 1999, the Company acquired all of the capital stock of
     Cyber-Tech, Inc. ("Cyber-Tech"), a company that has developed on-line
     content and tools focused on heart disease and related areas.
The
     consideration paid to Cyber-Tech shareholders consisted of $3,765,000 in
     cash and 267,732 shares of Mediconsult common stock.
Mediconsult and the
     shareholders of Cyber-Tech also entered into an escrow agreement with
     respect to certain of the shares of Mediconsult common stock issued to the
     former Cyber-Tech shareholders.
The total transaction value, including
     acquisition costs, was $7.6 million.
The fair value of shares provided as
     consideration was determined by the market price of the shares at the
     transaction date.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets
     acquired was allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
Goodwill
     and other intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis
     over an estimated useful life of three to five years.

                                      F-11

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

4. ACQUISITIONS--(Continued)

     
A summary of the total purchase price for the acquisition of Cyber-Tech is
as follows:

  Cash ..........................  $3,765,000
  Mediconsult common stock ......   3,750,000
  Other direct acquisition costs       99,219
                                   ----------
                                   $7,614,219
                                   ==========

     A summary of the allocation of the total purchase price is as follows:

  Tangible net assets acquired   $    4,403
  Other intangible assets .....     500,000
  Goodwill ....................   7,109,816
                                 ----------
                                 $7,614,219
                                 ==========

     D) MOOD SCIENCES, INC.

     Mood Sciences, a company that specializes in mental health disease
     management innovations, was acquired on October 27, 1999, in exchange for
     215,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.
The total purchase price,
     including acquisition costs of $0.2 million and assumption of net
     liabilities of $0.2 million, was $1.9 million.
The fair value of shares
     provided as consideration was determined by the market price of the shares
     at the transaction date.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets
     acquired was recorded as goodwill and is being amortized on a
     straight-line basis over five years.

     
E) PHYSICIANS'
ONLINE, INC.

     On December 16, 1999, the Company acquired the shares of Physicians'
     Online, Inc. ("POL"), a provider of an exclusive network for physicians in
     addition to on-line medical information and communications.
POL operates a
     secure, physicians-only environment featuring access to medical databases,
     daily medical news, continuing medical education credits, clinical
     symposia, e-mail accounts, Internet access, and other services.
As
     consideration for the acquisition, the Company issued approximately 18.5
     million shares of Mediconsult common stock.
The total value of
     consideration was $183.1 million, including the assumption of debt and
     acquisition costs.
The fair value of shares provided as consideration to
     the previous shareholders was determined by the market price of the shares
     at the announcement date (September 7, 1999).
The effect on the purchase
     price of the POL vested options was computed in accordance with SFAS 123,
     the value of which was not material.
Identifiable intangible assets
     resulting from the transaction are amortized over periods ranging from
     three to five years.

                                      F-12

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

4. ACQUISITIONS--(Continued)

     
A summary of the total purchase price for the acquisition of Physicians'
Online, Inc. is as follows:

  
Mediconsult common stock issued to
  POL stockholders ....................  $156,779,105
  Other direct acquisition costs ......     6,885,346
  Assumption of liabilities ...........    20,333,786
                                         ------------
                                         $183,998,237
                                         ============

     A summary of the allocation of the total purchase price is as follows:

  Current Assets .........  $    419,483
  Fixed Assets ...........       430,779
  Customer list ..........     6,206,000
  Software ...............     7,730,000
  Work force .............     2,142,000
  Trademark ..............     
6,152,000
  Goodwill ...............   160,917,975
                            ------------
                            $183,998,237
                            ============

     The fair value assigned to intangible assets acquired was based on an
     appraisal of such assets as of the date of acquisition and the assets are
     being amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective useful
     lives.
The estimated useful life of software is three years, work force is
     four years, and all other intangible assets, including goodwill, have an
     estimated useful life of five years.
Goodwill represents the excess of the
     purchase price over the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible
     assets acquired.

     F) UNAUDITED PRO FORMA RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Had the acquisitions of Pharminfo.com, CyberDiet, Cyber-Tech, and Mood
     Sciences occurred on January 1, 1998, the unaudited pro forma revenue, net
     loss and related basic and diluted net loss per share for the years ended
     December 31, 1999 and 1998 would have been $7.0 million and $2.2 million,
     $29.5 million and $7.4 million, and $1.12 and $0.39, respectively.
Had the
     acquisition of Physicians' Online, Inc. occurred on January 1, 1998, the
     unaudited pro forma revenue, net loss and related basic and diluted net
     loss per share for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 would have
     been $12.0 million and $7.1 million, $74.7 million and $52.9 million, and
     $1.68 and $1.45, respectively.
Had all acquisitions occurred on January 1,
     1998, the unaudited pro forma revenue, net loss and related basic and
     diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998
     would have been $12.6 million and $8.2 million, $77.0 million and $37.4
     million, and $1.72 and $1.48, respectively.
Note that the per share data
     was adjusted to reflect the weighted average number of shares of common
     stock as a result of the acquisitions.
These unaudited pro forma results
     are based on various assumptions and are not necessarily indicative of
     what would have occurred had the acquisitions been consummated on January
     1, 1998.


5. PHARMA MARKETING, LLC

     On September 7, 1999 the Company entered into various agreements
(collectively "Agreements") whereby, among other things, the Company purchased
a 35% membership interests of Pharma Marketing LLC ("Pharma"), an entity
organized to perform certain sales and marketing operations of the Company and
operate solely on behalf of the Company, for $1,250,000 and 200,000 shares of
Mediconsult common stock.
The remaining 65% of Pharma is

                                      F-13

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

5.
PHARMA MARKETING, LLC--(Continued)

owned by a certain individual ("Individual").
Under the terms of the
Agreements, Pharma distributed to the individual the $1,250,000 contributed by
the Company and 100,000 of the 200,000 shares contributed by the Company.
The
remaining 100,000 shares will be distributed to the individual in the future.

For financial reporting purposes, the cash contributed to Pharma have been
deemed to be cost of services provided by the Individual and as such have been
expensed.
Total expense, which includes the cash contributed, other expenses,
and the fair value of Company common stock issued to the Individual, recorded
in connection with these agreements for the year ended December 31, 1999
approximated $3,730,000.
The remaining 100,000 shares of the Company's common
stock to be issued to the Individual are being accounted for in accordance with
EITF 96-18.
Accordingly, the Company will be required to recognize as an
expense the fair value of the shares of common stock over the vesting period.

     
Mediconsult.com, Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, has entered into a
service agreement with Pharma under which Pharma agrees to provide
pharmaceutical sales and marketing services to Mediconsult.com, Limited and its
affiliates.
Under this service agreement, Pharma is entitled to receive a
monthly retainer and commissions based on revenues generated under contracts
that Pharma assists in obtaining.
Pharma entered into an employment agreement
with the Individual, under which, the Individual is principally responsible for
performing the services under Pharma's service agreement with Mediconsult.com,
Limited.

     
Subject to certain conditions described in the operating agreement, the
members of Pharma, other than Mediconsult, have the right to put their Pharma
membership interests to the Company in exchange for shares of the Company's
common stock.


6.
NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES

     Non-cash financing activities include, on April 6, 1999, in conjunction
with a public offering of the Company's common stock, $3.2 million of the
senior preferred stock and $4.3 million of the junior preferred stock were
converted to common stock.
In addition, the Company assumed debt in the amount
of $5.3 million of which $4.7 million was outstanding at December 31, 1999
(Note 9).
Non-cash investing activities included the acquisitions noted in
Notes 4 and 5.
These resulted in a total of 19,446,569 shares being issued with
a deemed value of $166.8 million.


7. FIXED ASSETS

     Fixed assets consist of the following:

                                                         December 31,
                                                  
---------------------------
                                                       1999          1998
                                                  -------------
-------------

  Computer equipment ............................  $1,935,382    $  132,626
  Computer programming ..........................   
1,019,440       223,371
  Furniture and equipment .......................     242,335            --
  Leasehold improvements ........................      24,262            --
                                                   ----------    ----------
                                                    3,221,419       355,997
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization .....    (929,647)     (303,207)
                                                   ----------    ----------
                                                   $2,291,772    $   52,790
                                                   ==========    ==========

                                      F-14

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     The Company's intangible assets consist of the following:

                                           December 31,
                                   ----------------------------
                                         1999          1998
                                   ---------------
------------

  Goodwill .......................  $173,517,251    $ 818,750
  Other intangible assets ........       
500,000           --
  Software .......................     7,730,000           --
  Customer lists .................     6,206,000           --
  Trademarks .....................     6,152,000           --
  Work force .....................     2,142,000           --
                                    ------------    ---------
                                     196,247,251    $ 818,750
  Accumulated amortization .......    (3,131,770)          --
                                    ------------    ---------
                                    $193,115,481    $ 818,750
                                    ============    =========

9.
NOTES PAYABLE

     Notes payable consist of advances from POL's shareholders made to provide
POL with working capital prior to the acquisition by Mediconsult.
The notes
bear interest at 11% and are repayable as follows:

  February 29, 2000 .........  
$2,639,551
  October 31, 2000 ..........   2,334,549
                               ----------
  Total .....................  
$4,974,100
                               ==========

     Accrued interest payable at December 31, 1999 in the amount of $477,276 is
included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
Subsequent to December
31, 1999, the Company had repaid the notes payable which were due on February
29, 2000.

10.
ADVANCES FROM SHAREHOLDER

     Advances from shareholder are interest free and repayable on demand.


11.
CAPITAL STOCK

     SENIOR PREFERRED STOCK

     On February 26, 1999, the Company sold in a private placement an aggregate
     of 506,329 shares of newly designated voting senior preferred stock at
     $6.32 per share and warrants exercisable for five years to purchase
     224,000 shares of the senior preferred stock at $6.32 per share to Nazem &
     Company IV, L.P. Transatlantic Venture Fund C.V. (a joint venture of Nazem
     & Company and Banque Nationale de Paris) and certain other individual
     investors, for an aggregate of $3.2 million.
The senior preferred stock
     contains a redemption provision whereby the holder has the option to
     receive $6.32 per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends, at any time
     after February 25, 2003.
In addition, the Company has recognized a senior
     preferred stock dividend of approximately $859,000.
Such amount represents
     the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature using the
     conversion terms that are most beneficial to the holders.
During April
     1999, all shares of senior preferred stock and accumulated dividends were
     converted into an equal number of common shares.
As of December 31, 1999
     the 224,000 warrants remain outstanding, however such warrants are
     exercisable into an equal number of shares of common stock.

                                      
F-15

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

11.
CAPITAL STOCK--(Continued)

     JUNIOR PREFERRED STOCK

     In September 1998, the board of directors and the stockholders,
     respectively, approved an amendment (the "Amendment") to the Certificate
     of Designation of the Preferred Stock to, among other things, change the
     existing $10 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock to a cumulative preferred
     stock and change the name to "Preferred Stock".
Under the amendment each
     issued and outstanding share of preferred stock entitles the holder of
     record to receive cumulative dividends payable in additional shares of
     preferred stock at the rate of 8% per annum, payable semi-annually.
Each
     share of preferred stock is automatically convertible into shares of
     common stock, subject to an adjustment, upon certain occurrences.
The
     conversion rate of the preferred stock has standard anti-dilution
     protections in the event of stock splits, dividends, combinations, mergers
     and reorganizations, but is not protected from issuances below the base
     conversion rate.
No dividends were declared prior to September 30, 1998,
     when dividends on such shares became cumulative.
During April 1999, all
     shares of junior preferred stock and accumulated dividends were converted
     into 3,732,752 common shares.


12.
STOCK OPTIONS

     The Company maintains its 1996 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") to provide
incentives to employees, directors and consultants.
The maximum term of options
granted under the Plan is ten years.
The board of directors has the exclusive
power over the granting of options and their vesting provisions.
During the
year ended December 31, 1999, the number of shares of common stock covered by
the Plan was increased from 2,500,000 to 7,000,000.

     
Stock options for common stock comprise:

                                                1999                       1998                     1997
                                     ========================== ========================== =======================
                                                      Weighted                   Weighted                 Weighted
                                                       Average                    Average                 Average
                                        Number Of     Exercise     Number Of     Exercise    Number Of    Exercise
                                          Shares        Price        Shares        Price       Shares      Price
                                     ---------------
----------
--------------- ----------
------------- ---------

Outstanding--Beginning of year .....     
2,716,000      $0.37       1,150,000      $0.25       980,000     $0.03
Granted during the year ............     3,627,851       5.30       2,605,050       0.38       252,000      1.03
Exercised during the year ..........    (2,236,400)      0.11      (1,028,550)      0.23       (82,000)     0.05
Canceled during the year ...........       (98,800)      4.33         (10,500)      0.29            --        --
                                        ----------                 ----------                  -------
Outstanding--End of year ...........     
4,008,651       4.50       2,716,000       0.37     1,150,000      0.25
                                        ==========                 ==========                =========
Exercisable--End of year ...........     1,564,285       1.84       2,318,800       0.12       967,000      0.28
                                        ==========                 ==========                =========

     The options granted during the year include 1,465,151 Physicians' Online
options converted to options to acquire the Company's common stock upon the
closing of the acquisition.
The weighted-average exercise price of these
options after conversion was $1.53.
The number of converted shares exercisable
at December 31, 1999 was 1,050,770.

                                      F-16

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

12.
STOCK OPTIONS--(Continued)

                                  1.
Options Outstanding                   2.
Options Exercisable
                    --------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------
                                   Weighted-Average
                                      Remaining
 Range of Exercise      Number       Contractual     Weighted-Average      Number     Weighted-Average
       Prices        Outstanding     Life (Years)     
Exercise Price    Exercisable    Exercise Price
- ------------------- -------------
----------------- ------------------ ------------- -----------------

    $0.50--$3.50      1,956,151               8.11        $ 1.53         1,492,785         $ 1.53
    $5.63--$6.97        351,700               9.79        $ 6.05             9,000         $ 6.50
    $7.00--$7.97        932,500               9.71        $ 7.16                --             --
    $8.00--$9.94        502,300               9.76        $ 8.55            58,000         $ 8.26
  $11.12--$17.25        266,000               9.28        $12.58             4,500         $11.19

     During the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 the fair values of the
options granted to employees, recognized as deferred expense, excluding options
converted from Physicians' Online in 1999, were $13,162,050 and $1,045,976
respectively.
The weighted average exercise price and weighted average fair
value of options whose exercise price was less than the market value at the
grant date during 1999 were $11.43 and $8.71, respectively.
The weighted
average exercise price and weighted average fair value of options whose
exercise price was equal to the market value at the grant date during 1999 were
$7.30 and $5.85, respectively.
The fair value of unvested options issued in
exchange for POL options was valued at $3,841,314.
Such amount will be expensed
over the remaining vesting period.

     
The fair values of each option granted was estimated using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The following assumptions were used in
computing the fair value of the option grants in 1999: expected volatility of
the common stock ranging between 110% and 133%; expected lives ranging from one
to five years; zero dividend yield and weighted average risk-free interest
rates ranging between 4.63% and 6.45%.

13.
WARRANTS

     
In addition to the warrants issued in connection with the senior preferred
stock as discussed in Note 11A, the Company issued warrants to purchase 400,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.22 per share to Arnhold and
S. Bleichroeder, Inc. in consideration of investment advisory services.
These
warrants have been delivered or are being held in escrow and are deliverable as
follows: 200,000 were delivered upon initial filing of Mediconsult's secondary
offering prospectus in April 1999 and have been exercised; 100,000 were
delivered on March 15, 2000; and 100,000 will be delivered on September 15,
2000.
The delivery of the remaining 100,000 warrants is subject to the
continued performance of financial advisory services for the Company by a
particular individual on behalf of this firm.
Such remaining 100,000 warrants
deliverable in 2000, are being accounted for in accordance with EITF 96-18.

Accordingly, the Company will be required to recognize as an expense the fair
value of the warrants over the vesting period.
These warrants, which expire on
March 1, 2004, have net issue election and anti-dilution provisions comparable
to the senior preferred stock warrants.
These warrants do not confer upon the
holder any voting or any other right of a stockholder.
Total expense associated
with these warrants was $1.8 million during 1999.

                                      
F-17

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

14.
EARNINGS PER SHARE

     For each of the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, the Company
reported net losses and, therefore, common stock equivalents were not included
in the calculation of diluted earnings per share since such inclusion would
have been anti-dilutive.
The following common stock equivalents have been
excluded from diluted per share amounts because their effect would have been
anti-dilutive:

                                           December 31,
                               
------------------------------------
                                   1999        1998        1997
                               -----------
----------- ------------

  Options ....................  
4,008,651   2,716,000   1,150,000
  Warrants ...................    424,000          --          --
  Convertible preferred stock          --   4,300,000   2,500,000
                                ---------   ---------   ---------
                                4,432,651   7,016,000   3,650,000
                                =========   =========   =========

15.
INCOME TAXES

     The Company's operations are conducted by its U.S., Bermudan and Canadian
subsidiaries.
The Bermuda subsidiary has received an undertaking from the
Bermuda Government exempting it from all local income, profits and capital
gains taxes until the year 2016.
At the present time, no such taxes are levied
in Bermuda, however, there can be no assurance that the Bermuda subsidiary will
not be deemed to be transacting business in the U.S. by regulatory authorities
and therefore become subject to U.S. taxation.
The Company and its U.S.
subsidiary are Delaware companies and the Canadian subsidiary is incorporated
under the laws of that country.
The Company and its U.S. and Canadian
subsidiaries are subject to income tax, however no income tax provision has
been recorded for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 or 1997 as the
Company has experienced net operating losses in each year for both U.S. and
foreign income tax purposes.

     
The primary difference between the Company's effective income tax rate and
the Federal statutory tax rate is attributable to the valuation allowance
recorded on all deferred tax assets and the difference between the U.S. and
foreign income tax rates.

     
The tax effect of temporary differences, net operating losses and tax
credit carryforwards as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 are as follows:

                                          1999           1998
                                    ---------------
-------------

  U.S. Deferred tax assets ........  $  3,530,011    $       --
  Foreign Deferred tax assets .....     
2,884,139       580,060
  Valuation allowance .............    (6,414,150)     (580,060)
                                     ------------    ----------
                                     $         --    $       --
                                     ============    ==========

     The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against all deferred tax
assets considering its history of net operating losses and uncertainty
regarding the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the
future to utilize these deferred tax assets.

     
As of December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, the Company has available,
for U.S. and Canadian tax reporting purposes, net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately $16.6 million and $1.3 million respectively which will expire
in various years through 2019.
In addition, at December 31, 1999 and 1998 the
Company has no undistributed foreign earnings.

                                      F-18

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

16.
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION BENEFIT PLANS

     Beginning in 1999, through a professional organization, NELCO Companies,
Mediconsult made available a 401K employee savings plan to the United States
based employees.
The plan is not contributed to by Mediconsult.
Employee
contributions are limited to the lesser of 15% of each employee's annual
compensation and the statutory limit on such contributions.

     
Physicians' Online established a 401K employee savings plan on January 1,
1995, which was amended on April 1, 1998.
The plan is not contributed to by
Physicians' Online.
Employee contributions are limited to the lesser of 15% of
each employee's annual compensation and the statutory limit on such
contributions.
The Physicians' Online 401K employee savings plan was adopted by
the Company in connection with the acquisition of POL.


17.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     The Company has various operating leases in effect for corporate and
operating activities.
The operating leases expire over the next one to five
years.
Certain leases contain escalation charges for real estate taxes and
electricity.
Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 1999 was $497,340.

Future minimum lease payments under non cancelable operating leases are as
follows:

  2000 .........  $434,000
  2001 .........   227,000
  2002 .........   227,000
  2003 .........   
218,000
  2004 .........   
160,000

18.
LITIGATION

     The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, POL is a defendant in a lawsuit in
which a former officer and director of POL alleges, among other things, that
POL violated securities laws in selling stock to the former officer and that
POL breached its employment agreement with the former officer.
This action is
currently in the United States District Court in New York.
POL has made a
motion in the United States District Court action seeking dismissal of the
action.
By Order dated August 14, 1997, United States District Court Judge for
the Southern District of New York (a) dismissed the first two counts of the
former officer's amended complaint alleging violation of certain provisions of
the Securities Act of 1933 with prejudice, and (b) dismissed the third, fourth
and sixth counts of the former officer's amended complaint alleging securities
fraud, common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation; with leave to replead.

By letter dated November 4, 1997, the former officer notified the Court of the
former officer's decision not to replead the former officer's third, fourth and
sixth counts at this time.

     
Management, based on the advice of its legal counsel, believes that the
ultimate outcome of this action will not have a material adverse effect on the
Company's financial position or results of operations.

     
The Company is also party to a number of other claims and lawsuits that
are incidental to the ordinary course of business.
Management, based on the
advice of its legal counsel, believes that the outcome of any such claims and
lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations.


19.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     
During the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999, advances from
shareholders of $2,169,751 and $315,000, respectively, were made to the
Company, of which $1,800,000 and $0 were converted to common stock respectively
and $30,000 and $513,610, respectively, were repaid.

                                      
F-19

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

19.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS--(Continued)

     
The Company has an office in Hamilton, Bermuda, occupying space in the
office of Robert A. Jennings, Chief Executive Officer and shareholder, at no
cost.

20.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On February 11, 2000, the Company acquired Web North Star Interactive
Corp. ("NIC"), an entity engaged in the development and marketing of certain
market research software and services, in exchange for 435,161 shares of the
Company's common stock in addition to cash consideration which will be
determined based on the collection of NIC accounts receivable.
For the purpose
of the acquisition, the Company established Northstar Acquisition Inc., ("NAI")
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
On February 11, 2000, NIC merged with
and into NAI.
The Company intends to amortize the intangible assets associated
with the acquisition over the estimated useful live periods ranging from three
to five years.

     
On March 21, 2000, the Company acquired certain assets of Doerr
Consulting, including the storknet.com URL, customer lists and other intangible
and tangible assets for a total consideration of $200,000 payable in 33,676
shares of the Company's common stock.
The Company intends to amortize the
intangible assets over their estimated useful live periods ranging from three
to five years.

     
On March 23, 2000, the Company and Accenture (f/k/a Andersen Consulting
LLP) entered into a two years marketing alliance agreement for the joint
marketing of certain products and services to the pharmaceutical industry by
the Company and Accenture.
Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will
pay Accenture marketing assistance fees calculated on the basis of revenues
generated from the sale of such products and services.
The Company and
Accenture also entered into a warrant agreement under which the Company issued
Accenture warrants to purchase 1,503,425 shares of the Company's common stock
at an exercise price of $3.8125 per share in connection with consulting
services rendered by Accenture to the Company under a consulting services
agreement signed on September 10, 1999.
The warrants have a term of five-years
and vest over time, based upon consulting services performed by Accenture on
the Company's behalf.
In connection with the issuance of these warrants the
Company reserved 1,503,425 shares of common stock issuable upon exercising of
these warrants.
The Company will account for these warrants in accordance with
EITF 96-18 and accordingly, the fair value of the warrants will be expenses
over the respective vesting period.

     
On March 24, 2000, the Company entered into a non-cancelable operating
lease for office space in Philadelphia.
The lease commences on April 1, 2000
and will expire in three years.
The minimum annual rent payable is $454,356.

     
On March 28, 2000, the Company entered into a non-cancelable operating
lease for office space in Tarrytown, NY.
The lease commences on April 1, 2000
and will expire in five years.
The minimum annual rent payable is $460,800.

21.
NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL

     The Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flow from
operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and expects these
conditions to continue for the foreseeable future.
In addition, the Company is
in default on notes payable which were due on October 31, 2000.
The Company has
negative working capital and needs additional capital to fund operations and
liquidate liabilities in the ordinary course of business during the year ending
December 31, 2001.
Management's current plan, which is discussed in greater
detail below, includes merging with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx
Corporation ("Andrx").
In the event the Company's planned merger with Andrx is
not completed or if the Company is otherwise unable to obtain needed capital on
appropriate terms, operations would need to be significantly scaled back or
discontinued.

                                      F-20

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

21.
NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL--(Continued)

     
In January 2001, the board of directors of the Company approved a merger
agreement with Andrx, under which the Company will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Andrx.

     
Under the agreement, each share of common stock of the Company, issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will
automatically convert into 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to
adjustment.
In addition, options and warrants to acquire shares of the
Company's common stock outstanding immediately before the effective time of the
merger will be assumed by Andrx and converted into options and warrants to
acquire shares of Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430 shares of Cybear
tracking stock for each share of Company common stock, subject to adjustment.

The Cybear tracking stock is a class of Andrx common stock designed to track
the financial performance of Andrx Corporation's Internet assets which are
referred to as the Cybear Group.

     
In connection with the merger, the Company entered into a credit agreement
with Cybear Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx, whereby, Cybear Inc.
agreed to provide the Company with up to $2.0 million in interim financing to
fund the Company's operating activities until the effective time of the merger.

Amounts borrowed under such credit agreement are due on July 15, 2001, and
collateralized by all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Physicians
Online, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company).
In the event that the
merger agreement is terminated, the amount due is convertible into shares of
the Company's common stock at a conversion price of $0.125 per share.
In
addition, the Company issued to Cybear Inc. a warrant to purchase 8,926,502
shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $0.125 per share,
exercisable at any time after the merger agreement is terminated up to January
9, 2006.

     
In the event that the merger is terminated under certain conditions
defined in the merger agreement, the breaching party will pay the other party a
termination fee of $750,000.
In the event that the merger agreement is
terminated under certain conditions defined in the merger agreement, the
Company will pay Andrx a termination fee of $1.0 million and will issue to
Andrx a warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then outstanding capital stock
of the Company.

                                      F-21

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                     UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                  NINE MONTHS YEAR TO DATE INTERIM UNAUDITED
                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                                                                                           September 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                2000             1999
                                                                                         ----------------- ---------------

ASSETS
Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents .............................................................  $      892,314    $  22,320,814
 Accounts receivable ...................................................................       5,602,170        1,062,574
 Unbilled revenue ......................................................................              --        3,433,663
 Assets held for disposal ..............................................................         
276,892               --
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets .............................................         810,402          556,646
                                                                                          --------------    -------------
    Total current assets ...............................................................       7,581,778       27,373,697
                                                                                          --------------    -------------
Fixed assets, net ......................................................................       3,477,378        2,291,772
Intangible assets, net .................................................................     157,598,836      193,115,481
                                                                                          --------------    -------------
    Total assets .......................................................................  $  168,657,992    $ 222,780,950
                                                                                          --------------    -------------
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses .................................................  $   10,134,795    $  10,591,054
 Advances from shareholder .............................................................              --          314,979
 Deferred revenue ......................................................................         992,212          322,488
 Notes payable .........................................................................       2,334,549        4,974,100
                                                                                          --------------    
-------------
    Total current liabilities ..........................................................      
13,461,556       16,202,621
                                                                                          --------------    -------------
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity
 Senior Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, 1,000,000 shares
   designated, no shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2000 and
   December 31, 1999, respectively .....................................................              --               --
 Junior preferred stock, 4,000,000 shares designated, no shares issued and outstanding
   at September 30, 2000 and December 31, 1999, respectively ...........................              --               --
 Common stock, $.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 54,224,312 and
   49,633,275 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2000 and December 31,
   1999, respectively ..................................................................          54,224           49,634
 Additional paid-in capital ............................................................     
267,247,181      257,263,537
 Deferred compensation .................................................................     (10,069,076)     (16,051,925)
 Accumulated deficit ...................................................................    (102,035,893)     (34,682,917)
                                                                                          --------------    -------------
 Total stockholders' equity ............................................................     155,196,436      206,578,329
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity ............................................  $  168,657,992    $ 222,780,950
                                                                                          --------------    -------------

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-22

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                                                                                           Nine Months Ended
                                                                                   ----------------------------------
                                                                                     September 30,     September 30,
                                                                                          2000             1999
                                                                                   ----------------- ----------------

Revenues .........................................................................   $  17,270,999    $   3,715,432
                                                                                     -------------    -------------
Operating expenses:
 Product and content development .................................................      19,753,410        4,641,565
 Marketing, sales and client services ............................................      12,143,572        7,661,904
 General and administrative ......................................................       5,679,344        3,332,837
 Depreciation and amortization ...................................................      32,440,039        1,392,204
 Restructuring charge ............................................................       2,830,599               --
 Charge for impairment of long-lived assets ......................................       8,557,690               --
 Fair value of options granted to employees ......................................       1,536,346        1,060,949
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .................................       1,805,347        1,707,611
                                                                                     -------------    -------------
 Total operating expenses ........................................................      84,746,347       19,797,070
                                                                                     -------------    -------------
Loss from operations .............................................................     (67,475,348)     (16,081,638)
Interest (expense) income, net ...................................................         122,372        1,168,308
                                                                                     -------------    -------------
Net loss .........................................................................     (67,352,976)     (14,913,330)
Dividends on preferred stock .....................................................              --         (945,505)
                                                                                     -------------    
-------------
Net loss attributed to common stockholders .......................................   
$ (67,352,976)   
$ (15,858,835)
                                                                                     
=============    =============
Per common share data:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share ............................................   $       (1.28)   $       (0.64)
                                                                                     =============    =============
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing basic and
 diluted net loss per share ......................................................      52,654,870       24,882,258
                                                                                     =============    =============

                                           See accompanying notes.

                                      
F-23

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                                Nine Months Ended
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
                                                                                         September 30,     September 30,
                                                                                              2000              1999
                                                                                       -----------------
-----------------

  Cash flows from operating activities
  Net loss ...........................................................................   
$ (67,352,976)    $ (14,913,330)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities
   Depreciation of fixed assets ......................................................       
2,121,907           389,586
   Bad debts expense .................................................................         216,900                --
   Amortization of intangible assets .................................................      30,318,132         1,002,618
   Fair value of options and warrants granted ........................................       6,733,650         2,768,560
   Restructuring charge ..............................................................       2,830,599                --
   Charge for impairment of long-lived assets ........................................       8,557,690                --
   Forfeiture of options by employees ................................................      (3,613,607)               --
   Services received in exchange for common stock ....................................       
2,028,710                --
   Amortization of deferred compensation related to interest in Pharma marketing .....         
421,200         1,219,280
  Changes in assets and liabilities
   Accounts receivable ...............................................................      (4,756,496)         
(278,000)
   Unbilled revenue ..................................................................       
3,433,663        (1,812,100)
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets .........................................        (253,756)         (397,322)
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses .............................................      (3,286,861)        1,818,746
   Deferred revenue ..................................................................         
669,724          (107,000)
                                                                                         -------------     
-------------
  Net cash used in operating activities ..............................................     (21,931,521)      (10,308,962)
                                                                                         -------------     -------------
  Cash flows from investing activities
   Fixed assets purchases ............................................................      (3,808,445)       (1,511,414)
   
Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired ......................................        (215,381)       (4,127,343)
   Advance to Physicians' Online, Inc. ...............................................              --       (10,096,438)
                                                                                         -------------     -------------
  Net cash used in investing activities ..............................................      (4,023,826)      (15,735,195)
                                                                                         -------------     -------------
  Cash flows from financing activities
   Proceeds from advances from shareholder ...........................................              --           315,000
   Repayment of advances from stockholder ............................................        
(314,979)         (828,599)
   Proceeds from issuance of senior preferred stock ..................................              --         3,160,000
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock in a public offering .......................              --        56,988,792
   Proceeds from exercise of warrants ................................................              --           111,353
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock in a private offering ......................       
6,500,000                --
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options ...........................................         981,377            90,154
   Payment of long-term debt .........................................................      (2,639,551)               --
                                                                                         -------------     -------------
  Net cash provided by financing activities ..........................................       4,526,847        59,836,700
                                                                                         -------------     -------------
  (Decrease) increase in cash ........................................................     (21,428,500)       33,792,543
  Cash--beginning of period ..........................................................      
22,320,814           135,053
                                                                                         -------------     -------------
  Cash--end of period ................................................................   $     892,314     $  33,927,596

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      
F-24

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     
These consolidated financial statements are unaudited and reflect all
adjustments that in the opinion of management are necessary for a fair
presentation of the results for the interim period.
The results of operations
for the current interim period are not necessarily indicative of results to be
expected for the current year or any other period.
Certain amounts have been
reclassified to conform to the fiscal 2000 presentation.
These consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto, included in Mediconsult.com, Inc.'s
(the "Company") Annual report on Form 10-K, and first and second quarter 10-Q's
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

2.
STOCK OPTIONS

     
We have a 1996 stock option plan (the "Plan") to provide incentives to
employees, directors and consultants.
The maximum term of options granted under
the Plan is ten years.
The board of directors has the exclusive power over the
granting of options and their vesting provisions.
Stock options for common
stock comprise:

                                               September 30, 2000
                                              -------------------    
Weighted Average
                                                   Number of             Exercise
                                                     Shares               Price
                                              -------------------   -----------------

Outstanding -- December 31, 1999 ..........         4,008,651             $4.50
Granted during the period .................         2,336,047              1.27
Exercised during the period ...............        (1,266,238)             0.66
Forfeited during the period ...............        (1,394,192)             7.07
                                                   ----------             
-----
Outstanding -- September 30, 2000 .........         3,684,268              4.08
                                                   ----------             -----
Exercisable -- September 30, 2000 .........           689,274             $1.88

     During the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and 1999 the fair values
of the options granted to employees were $1,895,396 and $1,555,095,
respectively.


3. WARRANTS

     On March 23, 2000, the Company and Accenture (f/k/a Andersen Consulting
LLP) entered into a warrant agreement under which the Company issued Accenture
warrants to purchase 1,503,425 shares of the Company's common stock at an
exercise price of $3.8125 per share in connection with consulting services
rendered by Accenture to the Company under a consulting services agreement
signed on September 10, 1999.
The warrants have a term of five years and vest
over time, based upon consulting services performed by Accenture on the
Company's behalf.
In connection with the issuance of these warrants the Company
reserved 1,503,425 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these
warrants.


4.
RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

     During the third quarter of 2000, the Company initiated a restructuring
program.
The restructuring is intended to reduce the Company's cost structure
for its web site operations to focus resources on its core businesses related
to educating and connecting physicians and patients.
The restructuring
predominantly affects the Company's operations in its Canadian location.
During
the

                                      F-25

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)--(Continued)

4. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES--(Continued)
third quarter of 2000, a charge of approximately $2.8 million was recorded with
respect to the restructuring of the Company's Canadian location and web site
operations.
Approximately 100 employees were notified of terminations as
operations were curtailed in line with current demands for the company's
products.
As a result 96 employees were terminated as of September 30, 2000 and
the remaining employees will be terminated by December 31, 2000.
The remaining
restructuring costs relate to non-cancellable operating leases for office space
at the Canadian location and contracts for telephone and web site services.

     
The following table illustrates the different components of the
restructuring accrual:

                                                                                         Other
                                                        Employee        Operating      Long-term
                                                      Compensation        Leases       Contracts        Total
                                                     --------------   -------------   -----------   
-------------

Accrual in third quarter .........................     $1,338,826      $  660,135      $ 831,639     $2,830,600
Payments made through September 30, 2000 .........       (609,686)       
(124,536)       (62,513)      (796,735)
                                                       ----------      
----------      ---------     
----------
Ending Balance ...................................     $  729,140      $  535,599      $ 769,126     $2,033,865

5. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

     As a result of the Company's restructuring program resulting in the
closing of its Canadian location and related operations, the Company has
realized an impairment of long-lived assets.
A charge of approximately $8.3
million was recorded related to the write-off of the carrying value of goodwill
originally acquired with the purchase of the operations affected by the
restructuring.
Management has determined that there are no future cash flows
associated with the goodwill.
In addition, certain fixed assets used in the
restructured operations will be disposed of during the fourth quarter resulting
in a charge of approximately $0.3 million to reflect a reduction in their
carrying value to approximate their fair value, which is the estimated disposal
sales price of the fixed assets.


6. DEFAULT ON NOTES PAYABLE

     The Company is in default with respect to all of its notes payable due on
October 31, 2000, of $2.9 million including interest of $0.6 million.

Management is currently in negotiations with the holders of these notes to
arrange payment alternatives.

                                      
F-26

                                    ANNEX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                      A-1

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  BY AND AMONG

                               ANDRX CORPORATION,
                       MEDICONSULT ACQUISITION CORP., AND
                              MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                                 January 9, 2001

                                      A-2

                                

                                                                                                               Page

1.       
Definitions.............................................................................................1

2.       Basic Transaction.......................................................................................7

         (a)      
The Merger.....................................................................................7

         (b)      Filing of Certificate of Merger, Effective Time................................................7

         (c)      Effect of Merger.
.............................................................................7

                  (i)      General...............................................................................7

                  (ii)     Articles of Incorporation.............................................................8

                  (iii)    Bylaws................................................................................8

                  (iv)     Directors.............................................................................8

                  (v)      Officers..............................................................................8

         (d)      The Closing....................................................................................8

         (e)      Effect on Capital Stock........................................................................8

         (f)      Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Shares of Mediconsult Common Stock Owned by Andrx...........9

         (g)      Unvested Mediconsult Common Stock..............................................................9

         (h)      
Capital Stock of Merger Sub....................................................................9

         (i)      Fractional Shares..............................................................................9

         (j)      
Exchange Agent................................................................................10

         (k)      Andrx to Provide Stock and Cash...............................................................10

         (l)      Exchange Procedures...........................................................................10

         (m)      Dividends; No Further Ownership Rights in Mediconsult Capital Stock; Etc......................11

         (n)      
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates........................................................12

         (o)      Dissenters' Rights............................................................................12

         (p)      Tax Consequences..............................................................................12

         (q)      Adjustment to Exchange Ratio..................................................................12

         (r)      
Taking of Necessary Action, Further Action....................................................15

3.       
Representations and Warranties of Mediconsult..........................................................15

         (a)      Organization, Qualification, and Corporate Power..............................................16

         (b)      Capitalization................................................................................16

         (c)      Authorization of Transaction..................................................................17

                                      A-3

                                
                                   (continued)

                                                                                                               
Page

         (d)      Noncontravention..............................................................................17

         (e)      Filings with the SEC..........................................................................18

         (f)      Financial Statements..........................................................................18

         (g)      Events Subsequent to Most Recent Mediconsult Fiscal Period End................................19

         (h)      Undisclosed Liabilities.......................................................................20

         (i)      Litigation....................................................................................20

         (j)      Restrictions on Business Activities...........................................................20

         (k)      Compliance With Laws..........................................................................20

         (l)      
Title to Property.............................................................................20

         (m)      Intellectual Property.........................................................................21

         (n)      Environmental Matters.........................................................................23

         (o)      Taxes.........................................................................................24

         (p)      Employee Benefit Plans........................................................................24

         (q)      Employee Matters..............................................................................27

         (r)      Interested Party Transactions.................................................................28

         (s)      Insurance.....................................................................................28

         (t)      Regulatory Matters............................................................................28

         (u)      Material Contracts............................................................................29

         (v)      
Mediconsult Options...........................................................................31

         (w)      Opinion of Financial Advisor..................................................................31

         (x)      Tax and Accounting Treatment..................................................................31

         (y)      
Representations Complete......................................................................32

         (z)      Brokers' Fees.................................................................................32

4.       Representations and Warranties of Andrx................................................................32

         (a)      Organization of Andrx.........................................................................32

         (b)      Capitalization................................................................................32

         (c)      Authorization of Transaction..................................................................33

         (d)      Noncontravention..............................................................................33

         (e)      Filings with the SEC..........................................................................34

         (f)      Financial Statements..........................................................................34

                                      A-4

                                
                                   (continued)

                                                                                                               Page

         (g)      Events Subsequent to Most Recent Andrx Fiscal Period End......................................34

         (h)      Undisclosed Liabilities.......................................................................35

         (i)      Brokers' Fees.................................................................................35

         (j)      Disclosure....................................................................................35

         (k)      Litigation....................................................................................35

         (l)      
Compliance With Laws..........................................................................35

         (m)      Tax and Accounting Treatment..................................................................35

5.       
Representations and Warranties of Merger Sub...........................................................36

         (a)      Organization of Merger Sub....................................................................36

         (b)      Authorization of Transaction..................................................................36

         (c)      Undisclosed Liabilities.......................................................................36

         (d)      Litigation....................................................................................36

6.       
Covenants..............................................................................................37

         (a)      General.......................................................................................37

         (b)      Notices and Consents..........................................................................37

         (c)      Regulatory Matters and Approvals..............................................................37

                  (i)      Securities Act, Securities Exchange Act, and State Securities Laws;
                           Registration Statement and Proxy Statement...........................................37

                  (ii)     
Mediconsult Stockholder Meeting......................................................38

                  (iii)    HSR and other Filings; Reasonable Efforts............................................39

         (d)      Operation of Business.........................................................................39

         (e)      
Full Access...................................................................................40

         (f)      Notice of Developments........................................................................41

         (g)      Insurance and Indemnification.................................................................41

         (h)      
Mediconsult Options and Warrants..............................................................43

         (i)      
Certain Tax Matters...........................................................................44

                  (i)      
Return Filing; Information Sharing Until the Closing Date............................44

                  (ii)     Tax Covenants........................................................................44

         (j)      
No Solicitation...............................................................................45

         (k)      Interim Financing.............................................................................46

                                      A-5

                                
                                   (continued)

                                                                                                               Page

         (l)      Voting Agreement..............................................................................46

7.       Conditions to Obligation to Close......................................................................46

         (a)      Conditions to Obligation of Andrx and Merger Sub..............................................46

         (b)      Conditions to Obligation of Mediconsult.......................................................49

8.       
Termination............................................................................................50

         (a)      Termination of Agreement......................................................................50

         (b)      Effect of Termination.........................................................................51

         (c)      Expenses and Termination Fees.................................................................51

9.       
Miscellaneous..........................................................................................52

         (a)      Survival......................................................................................52

         (b)      Press Releases and Public Announcements.......................................................52

         (c)      No Third Party Beneficiaries..................................................................53

         (d)      Entire Agreement..............................................................................53

         (e)      Succession and Assignment.....................................................................53

         (f)      Counterparts..................................................................................53

         (g)      Headings......................................................................................53

         (h)      
Notices.......................................................................................53

         (i)      
Governing Law.................................................................................55

         (j)      Amendments and Waivers........................................................................55

         (k)      Severability..................................................................................55

         (l)      Construction..................................................................................55

         (m)      Incorporation of Exhibits and Schedules.......................................................55

         (n)      Waiver of Jury Trial..........................................................................55

         (o)      
Consent to Jurisdiction.......................................................................55

EXHIBIT A - ANDRX OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE
EXHIBIT B - MEDICONSULT OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE
EXHIBIT C - FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT D - FORM OF BREAKUP WARRANT

                                      A-6

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

         This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of January 9, 2001, by and among Andrx Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Andrx"), Mediconsult Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and
wholly owned subsidiary of Andrx ("Merger Sub"), and Mediconsult.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Mediconsult").
Andrx, Merger Sub and Mediconsult are
individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively referred to herein as the
"Parties.
"

                                 R E C I T A L S

         A.       The Board of Directors of each of Andrx and Merger Sub has
unanimously (i) determined that it is advisable and fair to, and in the best
interests of each such company that, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, Merger Sub merge with and into Mediconsult, with
Mediconsult being the surviving corporation (the "Merger"), and (ii) approved
this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

         
B.       The Board of Directors of Mediconsult has unanimously (i)
determined that it is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of,
Mediconsult and its stockholders that, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, the Merger be consummated, (ii) approved this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (iii)
recommended the approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the stockholders of
Mediconsult.

         
C.       Pursuant to the Merger, among other things, the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share ("Mediconsult Common Stock"),
of Mediconsult shall be converted into the right to receive the consideration
set forth herein.

         
D.       The Parties intend, by executing this Agreement, that the
Merger qualify as a "reorganization" under the provisions of Section
368(a)(1)(A) (by reason of Section 368(a)(2)(E)) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, including all rules and regulations thereunder (the "Code").

         
Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties,
and covenants herein contained, the Parties agree as follows.


1.       Definitions

         "Action" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(g).

         
"Adjustment Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(q)(ii).

         
"Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations
         promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act.

         