URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/768262/000095014901500234/0000950149-01-500234.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     
In the fourth quarter of 2000, the Corporate Development Group at Sybase,
under the direction of Marty Beard, Sybase's Vice President, Corporate
Development, researched companies offering enterprise application integration
products and identified NEON as a potential candidate for a strategic
relationship.

     
In December 2000, NEON engaged Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
("CSFB") to provide financial advisory services in connection with a possible
business combination involving NEON.
In December 2000 and January 2001, CSFB and
officers of NEON contacted approximately seven parties to determine their
interest in engaging in a business combination with NEON.

     
On December 27, 2000, Mr. Beard placed a telephone call to George F. (Rick)

Adam, Jr., NEON's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, inviting Mr. Adam to
participate in an initial discussion regarding a possible strategic
relationship.

     
On January 1, 2001, Mr. Beard and Mr. Adam had an initial discussion by
telephone.
During that conversation, Mr. Beard introduced the possibility of a
business combination transaction, and Mr. Adam expressed an interest in
exploring such a transaction.

     
On January 3, 2001, Mr. Adam met, at Sybase's offices in Emeryville,
California, with Mr. Beard, John S. Chen, Sybase's President and Chief Executive
Officer, Raj Nathan, Sybase's General Manager, Internet Applications Division,
and Billy Ho, Sybase's Vice President of Research and Development to discuss a
possible business combination.
At the meeting, Mr. Adam and Mr. Chen presented
each other with strategic overviews of their respective companies and confirmed
their mutual interest in pursuing further discussions regarding a possible
business combination.

     
On January 12, 2001, Mr. Chen conveyed to Mr. Adam Sybase's proposed terms
for a possible business combination involving Sybase and NEON.

     
On January 15, 2001, NEON's board of directors authorized NEON to continue
discussions with Sybase regarding a possible business combination.

     
On January 16, 2001, at the direction of Mr. Adam, CSFB contacted Mr. Chen
to express NEON's desire to continue discussions regarding a potential business
combination.
At this time, Mr. Chen expressed Sybase's desire to continue
discussions as well.

     
On January 17, 2001 NEON and Sybase entered into a mutual nondisclosure
agreement pursuant to which they agreed to exchange confidential information
regarding their respective businesses.

     
On January 19, 2001, Mr. Adam, Dr. Patrick Fortune, NEON's President and
Chief Operating Officer, Stephen Webb, NEON's Chief Financial Officer, and Peter
Hoversten, NEON's Chief Technology Officer, met with Pieter Van der Vorst,
Sybase's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Beard and Mark Wilson, Sybase's Senior
Director, Corporate Development, in San Francisco, California to review
strategic, financial, product and operational information about NEON, and to
continue discussions regarding the merits of a business combination.
That night,
Mr. Adam and Mr. Chen continued discussions of a possible business combination.

     
On January 22, 2001, Merrill Lynch & Co. ("Merrill Lynch") was engaged to
act as Sybase's financial advisor in connection with a possible transaction with
NEON.

     
On January 24, 2001, Merrill Lynch began its due diligence review of NEON,
which continued through the signing of the reorganization agreement.

Representatives of Merrill Lynch met with

representatives of NEON management at NEON's offices in Englewood, Colorado to
review background historical information on NEON's strategy, products and
financial and operational performance.

     
On January 26, 2001, Sybase transmitted a proposed term sheet and certain
ancillary documents to NEON.

     
On January 27, 2001, Mr. Adam notified Mr. Beard that NEON was interested
in continuing discussions with Sybase regarding a possible business combination.

     
On January 30 and 31, 2001, several discussions took place among
representatives of Sybase, Merrill Lynch, CSFB and NEON with respect to the
proposed financial terms of the business combination transaction.

     
On February 1, 2001, NEON retained Cooley Godward LLP to act as its outside
legal counsel in connection with the possible business combination transaction.

Later that evening, management of the two companies agreed to continue
discussions regarding a business combination transaction and directed their
outside legal counsel to commence negotiation of a definitive reorganization
agreement.

     
On February 5, 2001, representatives from Sybase, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, outside legal counsel to Sybase, and Ernst &
Young LLP, independent accountants to Sybase, began their due diligence review
of NEON which continued through the signing of the reorganization agreement.

     
Between February 5 and February 7, 2001, Mr. Adam, Dr. Fortune, Mr. Webb,
Mr. Hoversten, Fred Horn, NEON's Executive Vice President of Operations, Leonard
Goldstein, NEON's Senior Vice President, Senior Counsel and Secretary, Leslie
Lundberg, NEON's Vice President of Human Resources, Brian Duff, NEON's
Controller, and other members of NEON management met with Mr. Van der Vorst, Mr.
Beard, Mr. Nathan, Dan Carl, Sybase's General Counsel, Pamela George, Sybase's
Vice President of Marketing, Nita White-Ivy, Sybase's Vice President of Human
Resources, and other members of Sybase management, at the offices of Cooley
Godward in San Francisco, California.
During these meetings, the parties
discussed the business, financial condition and organization of the two
companies.
Simultaneously, Scott Powell, NEON's Group President of Engineering,
and Mr. Ho met in Denver, Colorado, to discuss both companies' product
architecture and specifications.

     
On February 6, 2001, the NEON board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to discuss the potential business combination.
Members of NEON's
management and representatives of CSFB explained the background and status of
the negotiations.
At this meeting, representatives of Cooley Godward reviewed
the responsibilities of the board of directors in considering the proposed
business combination transaction.
The NEON board of directors discussed the
strategic rationale for a proposed business combination and authorized
management to continue negotiations with Sybase.
Later that evening, Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati delivered drafts of the reorganization agreement and
related agreements to Cooley Godward.

     
From February 9, 2001 through February 20, 2001, negotiations on the terms
of the reorganization agreement and related agreements continued among Sybase,
NEON and their respective legal counsel and financial advisors.
These
negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including, among other
things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the restrictions
on the conduct of their businesses, the conditions to completion of the offer
and the merger, the provisions regarding termination, the details of the "no
shop" clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fee and the
consequences of termination, and the delivery and terms of the stockholder
agreements.
During this period, executive officers of NEON who were asked to
enter into employment and non-competition agreements and agreements amending
certain change of control severance agreements negotiated the terms of these
agreements with Sybase.

     
On February 14, 2001, the NEON board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting during which the NEON board of directors discussed the proposed business
combination with Sybase.
Mr. Adam reviewed the background of NEON's discussions
with Sybase as well as the current status of negotiations

and reviewed the terms of the proposed business combination transaction.

Representatives of CSFB reviewed the financial terms of the transaction as
proposed at that time.
In addition, representatives of Cooley Godward outlined
the board's fiduciary duties and other applicable legal principles in the
context of business combination transactions and reviewed the reorganization
agreement and stockholder agreements and related matters.
The NEON board of
directors discussed the strategic, business and financial merits and the timing
of a possible transaction with Sybase and the terms of Sybase's proposal, and
directed management to continue negotiations with Sybase.

     
From February 12, 2001 to February 14, 2001, Mr. Chen, Mr. Van der Vorst,
Mr. Beard and representatives of Merrill Lynch had several conversations with
the individual members of the Sybase board of directors regarding the proposed
business combination with NEON, including the strategic rationale for the
transaction and the proposed financial and other transaction terms.

     
On February 15, 2001, the Sybase board of directors met and reviewed the
proposed transaction terms and the results of Sybase's due diligence
investigation.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati also participated.
The Sybase board of directors received a presentation
from its financial advisor, Merrill Lynch, concerning the transaction.

Representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati reviewed the proposed
principal terms of the reorganization agreement and outlined the legal
principles applicable to the Sybase board of directors' consideration and
approval of the proposed transaction.
The Sybase board of directors, by
unanimous vote of the directors present and voting at the meeting, authorized
Sybase to enter into a reorganization agreement with NEON in substantially the
form proposed at the meeting consistent with the Sybase board of directors'
guidance on certain open issues, including the completion of the audit of NEON's
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2000.

     
On February 19, 2001, a representative of Merrill Lynch telephoned a
representative of CSFB to discuss open issues in the negotiations, including
valuation and the potential exchange ratio.
In addition, on February 19, 2001,
Mr. Chen telephoned Mr. Adam to discuss open issues in the negotiations,
including valuation and the potential exchange ratio.

     
On February 19, 2001, the NEON board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to review the status of negotiations and discussions with Sybase since
the board's February 14, 2001 meeting and reviewed revised drafts of the
reorganization agreement and related agreements.
Representatives of CSFB and
Cooley Godward also participated.
Representatives of Cooley Godward reviewed
with the NEON board of directors the main legal principles applicable to the
proposed business combination transaction (including the board's fiduciary
duties and authority in considering the transaction).
Representatives of Cooley
Godward also reviewed in detail the principal terms of the proposed
reorganization agreement and related agreements and summarized the remaining
open issues and responded to questions by the NEON board of directors.
The NEON
board of directors reviewed and discussed the principal terms of the proposed
transaction, including the exchange ratio, closing conditions, termination
rights, the termination fee, the stockholder agreements and NEON's ability to
consider alternative proposals.
Also at this meeting, CSFB reviewed with NEON's
board of directors the financial terms of the transaction proposed at that time
and indicated that, subject to agreement on the final exchange ratio consistent
with the financial terms as proposed at that time, it was prepared to render an
opinion to the NEON board of directors that, as of such date and based upon and
subject to various considerations, the exchange ratio in the transaction was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of NEON common stock.
After
further deliberation, the NEON board of directors, by the unanimous vote of all
directors present and voting at the meeting:

     - determined that the reorganization agreement and the transactions
       contemplated thereby, including the offer and the merger, are consistent
       with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of NEON and
       are advisable and are fair to and in the best interest of NEON and its
       stockholders,

     - approved and adopted the reorganization agreement and the transactions
       contemplated thereby, including the offer and the merger and the
       stockholder agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby,
       together with such changes as were discussed at the meeting,

     - resolved to recommend acceptance of the offer and approval and adoption
       of the reorganization agreement by NEON's stockholders, and

     - authorized Mr. Adam to execute, on behalf of NEON, the reorganization
       agreement and such other documents that certain of NEON's officers find
       necessary or advisable in their sole discretion, together with any
       changes, deletions, additions and alterations that such officers approve
       consistent with the resolutions of the NEON board of directors.

     
After the close of trading on the Nasdaq National Market on February 20,
2001, Sybase and NEON agreed on the final exchange ratio of 0.3878 and entered
into the reorganization agreement.
Following agreement on the final exchange
ratio, CSFB rendered to the NEON board of directors its written opinion that, as
of February 20, 2001, and based upon and subject to various considerations set
forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio in the transaction was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of NEON common stock, other than Sybase
and its affiliates.
CSFB was not aware of any ownership of shares of NEON common
stock by Sybase or its affiliates.
A copy of CSFB's opinion is included in
NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which is being
mailed to NEON stockholders together with this prospectus.
Stockholders should
read CSFB's opinion carefully in its entirety.

     
Also on February 20, 2001, the directors and certain officers and
stockholders of NEON entered into stockholder agreements with Sybase, pursuant
to which they agreed to tender their NEON shares in the offer and vote their
NEON shares in favor of the approval and adoption of the reorganization
agreement.
In addition, the directors and certain officers and stockholders of
NEON entered into affiliate agreements with Sybase, acknowledging the
restrictions imposed by the federal securities laws, in some instances, on their
ability to sell Sybase shares following the completion of the offer or the
merger, as applicable.
In addition, certain officers of NEON also signed
amendments to the change of control severance agreements to which such officers
are party to, among other things, waive certain severance and other rights that
may be triggered as a direct or indirect result of the transactions contemplated
by the reorganization agreement.
Messrs. Adam, Fortune, Horn and Hoversten each
entered into employment and non-competition agreements with Sybase, effective
upon consummation of the merger, under which they agreed not to engage in
certain activities or make certain investments, and not to solicit Sybase
employees, during the period of their employment by the surviving corporation
and for eighteen months following their termination of employment with the
surviving corporation.
See the section entitled "Interests of NEON Officers and
Directors in the Transaction" beginning on page 55 of this prospectus,
specifically "-- Certain Executive Agreements" beginning on page 56 of this
prospectus, for a further description of some of these agreements.

     
After the parties signed the reorganization agreement, Sybase issued a
press release announcing the transaction.

     
On March 15, 2001 Neel Acquisition Corp. commenced the offer.

REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND MERGER

Improve our e-Business/Enterprise Application Integration Products

     - We believe the combination of Sybase and NEON furthers our strategy of
       improving and expanding our product offerings in the
       e-business/enterprise application integration marketplace.
This
       marketplace is demanding the integration of new e-business applications
       with existing and older legacy applications on the web to facilitate
       seamless e-business.
Enterprise application integration is one of the
       fastest growing areas of the information technology industry and Sybase's
       acquisition of NEON would provides us with processes, integration
       technology, portal servers and other elements critical for our growth in
       this area.


Strengthen our Market Position

     - We believe the combination of Sybase and NEON will strengthen our
       position in the emerging e-business marketplace.
Acquisition of NEON's
       technology would broaden Sybase's e-business platform, enabling it to
       respond to customer demand by providing products complimentary to
       Sybase's application server, replication server and messaging middleware.
       
We believe an enhanced e-business platform would meet the needs of
       customers interested in maximizing and integrating all business
       interactions, from the consumer to suppliers and the back-office.

     
- We believe the combination of Sybase and NEON will enable us to
       strengthen our market presence by broadening the total number of products
       available to customers and allowing customers to develop e-business
       solutions faster.

     - NEON's strength in the manufacturing, distribution, retail and utilities
       vertical markets should provide an opportunity for us to expand our
       presence into those vertical markets.


Increase Our Selling Opportunities

     - We believe enterprises will increasingly demand e-business implementation
       and integration services from one vendor.
The combined products of Sybase
       and NEON will allow us to meet this demand and offer our customers
       additional products and capabilities, as well as reach new customers who
       are seeking a broad e
-business/enterprise application integration
       solution.

     - NEON has over 3,000 worldwide customers, mostly in the Fortune Global
       2000, which we believe will provide opportunities for cross-selling of
       other Sybase products.


Improve Organizational Capabilities

     - NEON had approximately 1,000 employees as of February 23, 2001.
Many of
       these employees, including 260 engineers, 280 consultants, and 85 sales
       representatives, we believe will strengthen Sybase's development,
       professional services and sales capabilities.

     
-
We believe that the combined company's capabilities will allow us to
       deliver new e-business solutions to the market faster, in months instead
       of years.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE NEON BOARD; FACTORS CONSIDERED

     In approving the offer, the merger, the reorganization agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the reorganization agreement and recommending that
all holders of NEON shares accept the offer and tender their NEON shares
pursuant to the offer, the NEON board of directors considered a number of
factors, including:

     - the complementary strategies and direction of NEON, a leading supplier of
       e-business integration software and services, and Sybase, a leading
       global provider of software solutions that help businesses manage and
       deliver information across distributed mixed computing environments,
       including the Internet;

     - the combination of Sybase's e-business platform products and NEON's suite
       of e-business integration products, creating a complete e-business
       infrastructure solution for companies building on-line businesses;

     - the opportunity for NEON to access Sybase's installed base of 40,000
       customers for cross-selling opportunities, and to leverage Sybase's
       distribution channels to drive sales of NEON's e-business integration
       products;

     - Sybase offers a more significant international presence for the
       distribution of NEON products;

     - the exchange ratio for the offer and the merger representing a premium of
       65.2% over the closing price of the NEON common stock on the Nasdaq
       National Market on February 16, 2001, the last

       trading day prior to the NEON board's approval of the reorganization
       agreement, as well as 80.2% and 82.5% premiums over the average of the
       closing prices for the ten and 30 trading days, respectively, ending on
       February 16, 2001;

     - the presentations of CSFB regarding the financial terms of the proposed
       transaction and the opinion of CSFB that, as of February 20, 2001 and
       based upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in the
       CSFB opinion, the exchange ratio in the transaction was fair, from a
       financial point of view, to the holders of NEON common stock, other than
       Sybase and its affiliates.
A copy of the opinion is included in NEON's
       Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which is being
       mailed to NEON stockholders together with this prospectus.
NEON
       stockholders should read the opinion carefully in its entirety;

     - the financial and other terms of the offer, the merger and the
       reorganization agreement, including the benefits of the transaction being
       structured as a first-step exchange offer and second-step merger, which
       may provide NEON's stockholders with an opportunity to receive shares of
       Sybase common stock on an accelerated basis;

     - the opportunity for the holders of the NEON shares to participate in a
       significantly larger and more diversified company and, as stockholders of
       the combined company, to have greater liquidity in their shares and to
       benefit from any future growth of the combined company;

     - the strengths and weaknesses of Sybase's and NEON's businesses and the
       key attributes and opportunities of the combined company in terms of,
       among other things, products, sales, customers, management, and financial
       and competitive position;

     - the nature of the e-business software industry and the belief of NEON's
       board of directors that greater size and resources are increasingly
       required for companies to successfully compete in this industry;

     - the increasing competition that NEON faces from both existing and
       potential competitors, many of which have greater assets and resources
       than NEON, which has occurred as a result of, among other reasons, the
       consolidation taking place in the software industry in general;

     - historical information concerning Sybase's and NEON's respective
       businesses, financial performance and condition, operations, technology,
       management and competitive position, including public reports concerning
       results of operations filed with the SEC;

     - the consideration to be received by NEON stockholders in the offer and
       the merger and an analysis of the market value of the Sybase common stock
       to be issued in exchange for the NEON common stock in light of comparable
       transactions;

     - current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
       volatility and trading information with respect to Sybase common stock
       and the NEON common stock;

     - the belief that the terms of the reorganization agreement, including the
       parties' representations, warranties and covenants, and the conditions to
       the parties' respective obligations, are reasonable;

     - the impact of the offer and the merger on NEON's customers and employees;
       and

     - reports from management, legal advisors and financial advisors as to the
       results of their due diligence investigation of Sybase.

     
NEON's board of directors also considered the terms of the reorganization
agreement regarding NEON's rights to consider and negotiate other acquisition
proposals, as well as the possible effects of the provisions regarding
termination fees.
In addition, NEON's board of directors noted that the offer
and merger are expected to be a tax-free transaction.
NEON's board of directors
also considered various alternatives to the offer and the merger, including
remaining as an independent company.
NEON's board of directors believed that
these factors, including the NEON board's review of the terms of the
reorganization agreement, supported the board's recommendation of the offer and
the merger when viewed

together with the risks and potential benefits of the offer and the merger.

NEON's board of directors also identified and considered a variety of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the offer and the
merger, including, but not limited to:

     - the risk that the potential benefits sought in the offer and the merger
       might not be fully realized;

     - certain risks applicable to Sybase's business (see the section of this
       prospectus under the heading "Risk Factors -- Risks Related to Our
       Business" on page 12);

     - the possibility that the offer and the merger might not be completed and
       the effect of public announcement of the offer and the merger on NEON's
       sales and operating results, and its ability to attract and retain key
       technical, marketing and management personnel;

     - the risk that the terms of the transaction could be dilutive to Sybase's
       earnings and that such potential dilution could negatively impact the
       trading price of Sybase common stock.

     - the substantial charges to be incurred in connection with the offer and
       the merger, including costs of integrating the businesses and transaction
       expenses arising from the offer and the merger;

     - the risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key technical,
       marketing and management personnel might not remain employed by the
       combined company; and

     - the difficulty of managing separate operations at different geographic
       locations.

     
NEON's board of directors believed that these risks were outweighed by the
potential benefits of the offer and the merger.

     
The NEON board of directors did not assign relative weights to the
foregoing factors or determine that any factor was of particular importance.

Rather, the NEON board of directors viewed its position and recommendations as
being based on the totality of the information presented to and considered by
the NEON board of directors.
In addition, individual members of the NEON board
of directors may have given different weights to different factors.

     
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
NEON board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to
include the material factors considered by the NEON board of directors.
In view
of the wide variety of factors, both positive and negative, considered by the
NEON board of directors, the NEON board of directors did not find it practical
to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors considered.


OPINION OF NEON FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     On February 20, 2001, CSFB delivered its opinion to NEON's board of
directors that, as of that date, based upon and subject to the various
considerations set forth in the CSFB opinion, the exchange ratio in the
transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of NEON common
stock, other than Sybase and its affiliates.
CSFB was not aware of any ownership
of shares of NEON common stock by Sybase or its affiliates.

     
WE INCORPORATE BY REFERENCE THE FULL TEXT OF THE CSFB OPINION DATED
FEBRUARY 20, 2001.
THE FULL TEXT OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF CSFB, WHICH SETS
FORTH THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW
UNDERTAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPINION IS ATTACHED AS SCHEDULE II TO NEON'S
SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT ON SCHEDULE 14D-9, WHICH IS BEING MAILED
TO NEON STOCKHOLDERS TOGETHER WITH THIS PROSPECTUS.
WE URGE NEON STOCKHOLDERS TO
READ THE OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY AND THE DISCUSSION IN NEON'S
SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT REGARDING THE OPINION.


MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following discussion summarizes the material United States federal
income tax consequences of the offer and the merger to holders of NEON shares
who exchange their NEON shares for Sybase shares in the offer and/or the merger.

This discussion and the tax opinions described below are based on the

Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (which we refer to as the "Code"),
applicable Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations and court
decisions in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which may change,
possibly with retroactive effect.
Any such change could alter the tax
consequences described in this summary and the tax opinions.

     
This discussion of material federal income tax consequences of the offer
and the merger is intended to provide only a general summary, and is not a
complete analysis or description of all potential federal income tax
consequences of the offer and/or the merger.
It does not address all aspects of
federal income taxation that may be important to a holder of NEON shares in
light of that holder's particular circumstances or to a holder subject to
special rules, such as:

     - a foreign entity or an individual stockholder who is not a citizen or
       resident of the United States;

     - a financial institution or insurance company;

     - a tax-exempt organization;

     - a dealer or broker in securities;

     - a stockholder who is subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of
       the Code;

     - a stockholder whose shares are qualified small business stock for
       purposes of Section 1202 of the Code;

     - a stockholder who holds NEON shares as part of a hedge, appreciated
       financial position, straddle, constructive sale or conversion
       transaction;

     - a stockholder who acquired NEON shares pursuant to the exercise of
       incentive stock options or who holds NEON shares that are subject to a
       substantial risk of forfeiture; or

     - a stockholder who does not hold NEON shares as capital assets.

     
In addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or foreign
income tax or non-income tax consequences of the offer and/or the merger or of
any transactions other than the offer and the merger.
We urge holders of NEON
shares to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular federal
income tax or other tax consequences to them of participation in the offer
and/or the merger.

     
Although there is limited authority, the offer and the merger will be
treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code if, among other things, all of the following
factual assumptions (which we refer to as the supporting conditions) are met:

     - the offer and the merger are completed under the current terms of the
       reorganization agreement;

     - the minimum tender condition for the offer is satisfied; and

     - the merger is completed promptly after the offer.

     
The consummation of the offer is conditioned upon the receipt by Sybase and
NEON of tax opinions to the foregoing effect from Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation and Cooley Godward LLP, respectively.
These
opinions will rely upon, and the consequences summarized below under "-- Federal
Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Qualify As a Reorganization" are
based upon, representations and covenants made by Sybase and NEON, and those
contained in certificates of officers of Sybase and NEON to be delivered to tax
counsel prior to the consummation of the offer, and upon certain assumptions,
including the absence of changes in facts or in law between the date of the
consummation of the offer and the effective time of the merger.
If any of those
representations, covenants or assumptions is inaccurate, the tax consequences of
the offer and the merger could differ materially from those summarized below
under "-- Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Qualify As a
Reorganization."
In addition, the ability to satisfy the supporting conditions,
and therefore the federal income tax consequences of the offer and the merger,
depend in part on facts that will not be available before the completion of the
merger.
There can be no assurance that the merger will be completed, or that the
supporting conditions will be satisfied.
If the supporting conditions are not
satisfied, the opinions of

Cooley Godward and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati described above may not be
relied upon.
Furthermore, Cooley Godward's and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati's opinions will neither bind the IRS nor preclude the IRS or the courts
from adopting a contrary position.
NEON stockholders should be aware that
neither the IRS nor any court has ruled on the tax treatment of a combination of
transactions identical to the offer and the merger and no ruling has been or
will be requested from the IRS in connection with the offer and the merger.

Accordingly, it is possible that the offer and/or the merger may not qualify as
a reorganization, and the tax consequences of the offer and the merger could
differ materially from those summarized below under "-- Federal Income Tax
Consequences If the Offer and Merger Qualify As a Reorganization."
See
"-- Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Do Not Qualify As a
Reorganization.
"

     Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Qualify As a
Reorganization.
Assuming that the offer and the merger qualify as a tax-free
reorganization, for federal income tax purposes:

     - A holder of NEON shares will not recognize any gain or loss on its
       exchange in the offer or the merger of its NEON shares for Sybase shares.

     - If a holder of NEON shares receives cash instead of a fraction of a
       Sybase share, the holder will be required to recognize capital gain or
       loss, measured by the difference between the amount of cash received
       instead of that fraction of a share and the portion of the tax basis of
       that holder's NEON shares allocable to that fraction of a share.
This
       gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder has
       held the NEON shares exchanged for that fraction of a Sybase share for
       more than one year at the time such NEON shares are accepted in the offer
       or at the effective time of the merger, as the case may be.
The
       deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations for both
       individuals and corporations.

     
- A holder of NEON shares will have a tax basis in the Sybase shares
       received in the offer or the merger equal to (1) the tax basis in the
       NEON shares surrendered by that holder in the offer or merger, reduced by
       (2) any tax basis in such NEON shares that is allocable to a fraction of
       a Sybase share for which cash is received.

     - The holding period for Sybase shares received in exchange for NEON shares
       in the offer or the merger will include the holding period for NEON
       shares surrendered in the offer or the merger.

     - Under specified circumstances, holders of NEON shares may be entitled to
       appraisal rights in connection with the merger.
See "-- Purpose of the
       Offer; The Merger; Appraisal Rights" below.
If appraisal rights are
       available and a holder of NEON shares receives cash pursuant to the
       exercise of appraisal rights, such holder will recognize gain or loss,
       measured by the difference between the amount realized and such holder's
       tax basis in such NEON shares.
Holders of NEON shares who exercise
       appraisal rights are urged to consult their own tax advisors.

     - NEON will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the offer and the
       merger.

     
Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Do Not Qualify as a
Reorganization.
The tax consequences described above are based on factual
assumptions, representations and covenants, including the satisfaction of the
supporting conditions.
If any of those factual assumptions, representations or
covenants are not satisfied or observed, or in the event of a contrary ruling by
the IRS or a court, the federal income tax consequences of the offer and the
merger to holders of NEON shares could differ materially from those summarized
above under "-- Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Qualify
As a Reorganization."
In that event, exchanges by NEON stockholders pursuant to
the offer and/or the merger could be taxable transactions for federal income tax
purposes depending on the particular facts surrounding the offer and/or the
merger, some of which may not be known before the completion of the merger or
later points in time.

     
If the offer and/or the merger is taxable, each NEON stockholder
participating in the offer and/or the merger, as applicable, will recognize
capital gain or loss, measured by the difference between the fair market value
of the Sybase shares (together with any cash instead of a fraction of a Sybase
common

share) received by such stockholder and such stockholder's tax basis in the NEON
shares surrendered.
This gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if
such stockholder had held such NEON shares for more than one year at the time
such NEON shares are accepted in the offer or at the effective time of the
merger, as applicable.

     
Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Merger Is Not Consummated.
In
addition to the limitations, assumptions and qualifications described above, no
opinion has been given concerning any tax consequences of the offer if the
merger is not consummated, or if the merger is not consummated promptly after
the offer.
Except as described under this heading, if the merger is not
consummated, exchanges pursuant to the offer generally will be taxable
transactions for federal income tax purposes with the consequences described
above under "-- Federal Income Tax Consequences If the Offer and Merger Do Not
Qualify As a Reorganization."

     
Even if the merger is not consummated, the offer will still be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code so long as the following factual assumptions are met:

     - in general, Neel Acquisition Corp. must acquire at least 80% of the NEON
       shares in the offer;

     - any acquisition of additional NEON shares from other stockholders that
       Sybase or Neel Acquisition Corp. may decide to effect must not be for
       consideration other than Sybase voting stock; and

     - the representations and covenants made by Sybase and NEON to Cooley
       Godward and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati must remain effective.

     
Whether these factual assumptions will be satisfied will not be known at
the time of the offer and there can be no assurances that such factual
assumptions will be satisfied.

     
We urge each holder of NEON shares to consult his or her own tax advisor to
determine the particular United States federal, state or local or foreign income
or other tax consequences of participation in the offer and/or the merger.

     
Federal Backup Withholding.
To prevent backup federal income tax
withholding with respect to cash, if any, received pursuant to the offer and/or
the merger, you must either provide the exchange agent with your correct
taxpayer identification number and certify whether you are subject to backup
withholding of federal income tax by completing the substitute Form W-9 included
in the letter of transmittal or establish a basis for exemption from backup
withholding.
Some stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and
some foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and
reporting requirements.
In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an
exempt recipient, the stockholder must submit a Form W-8BEN, W-8ECI, W-8EXP or
W-8IMY, as appropriate, signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that
individual's exempt status.
NEON stockholders that fail to provide their
taxpayer identification numbers and the appropriate certifications or that fail
to establish an exemption as described above will be subject to backup
withholding of 31% on cash amounts received in the offer and/or the merger and
may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the IRS.
If withholding is made and
results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained.
Cash amounts paid
pursuant to the tender offer and/or the merger will be reported to the extent
required by the Code to NEON stockholders and the IRS.

     
Each NEON stockholder that receives our common shares in the offer and/or
the merger is required to file a statement with his, her or its federal income
tax return setting forth the stockholder's basis in the NEON shares surrendered
and the fair market value of our common shares and the proceeds from the cash in
lieu of fractional shares received in the offer and the merger and is required
to retain permanent records of these facts relating to the offer and the merger.


PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; THE MERGER; APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Purpose.
We are making the offer in order to acquire control of at least a
majority of the common stock of NEON on a fully diluted basis.
The offer is the
first step in our acquisition of NEON and is

intended to facilitate the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of NEON
common stock.
We intend, as soon as practicable after completion of the offer,
to have Neel Acquisition Corp. merge with and into NEON.
The purpose of the
merger is to acquire all NEON shares not tendered and exchanged pursuant to the
offer.
In the merger, each then outstanding NEON share (except for NEON shares
held in NEON's treasury and NEON shares owned by Sybase or Neel Acquisition
Corp. and, if applicable, NEON stockholders exercising appraisal rights) would
be converted into the right to receive the same number of Sybase shares as is
paid in the offer subject to appraisal rights that may be exercised under the
Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL").

     
Approval of the Merger.
Under Section 251 of the DGCL, the approval of the
board of directors of a company and the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of its outstanding shares are required to approve and adopt a merger
and a reorganization agreement.
The NEON board of directors has previously
approved the merger.
Accordingly, if we complete the offer, we would have a
sufficient number of NEON shares to approve the merger without the affirmative
vote of any other holder of NEON shares.
Therefore, unless the merger is
consummated in accordance with the short-form merger provisions under the DGCL
described below (in which case no action by the stockholders of NEON, other than
by Sybase acting in its capacity as the majority shareholder, will be required
to consummate the merger), the only remaining corporate action of NEON will be
the approval and adoption of the reorganization agreement by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding NEON shares.

     
Possible Short-Form Merger.
Section 253 of the DGCL would permit the merger
to occur without a vote of NEON's stockholders (a "short-form merger") if Sybase
were to acquire at least 90% of the outstanding NEON shares in the offer or
otherwise (including as a result of purchases by Sybase during any subsequent
offering period).
If, however, we do not acquire at least 90% of the then
outstanding NEON shares pursuant to the offer or otherwise, and a vote of NEON's
stockholders is required under the DGCL, a longer period of time will be
required to effect the merger.

     
Appraisal Rights.
NEON stockholders do not have appraisal rights in
connection with the offer.

     
If we complete the offer but less than 90% of the outstanding NEON shares
are validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in the offer, we will effect a
long-form merger (as described above) as permitted under Section 251 of the
DGCL.
NEON stockholders who have not exchanged their NEON shares in the offer
will not have appraisal rights in connection with a long-form merger.

     
However, if at least 90% of the outstanding NEON shares are validly
tendered and not properly withdrawn in the offer, we will effect a short-form
merger (as described above) as permitted under Section 253 of the DGCL, NEON
stockholders at the time of a short-form merger will have the right under
Section 262 of the DGCL to dissent and demand appraisal of their NEON shares.

Under Section 262, dissenting stockholders who comply with the applicable
statutory procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial determination of the
fair value of their NEON shares (exclusive of any element of value arising from
the accomplishment or expectation of the merger) and to receive payment of this
fair value in cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any.
In Cede & Co.
and Cinerama, Inc. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Supreme Court of the State of
Delaware construed Section 262 of the DGCL and held that the "accomplishment or
expectation" exclusion from the calculation of fair value set forth in the
preceding sentence is narrow and is designed to eliminate use of pro forma data
and projections of a speculative variety relating to the completion of a merger.

The court held that it is appropriate to include in the calculation of fair
value any known elements of value.
We cannot assure you as to the methodology a
court would use to determine fair value or how a court would select which of the
elements of value are to be included in such a determination.

CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     The offer is subject to a number of conditions, which are described below:

Minimum Tender Condition

     There must be validly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the
expiration of the offer a number of NEON shares which will constitute at least a
majority of the total number of outstanding NEON shares on a fully diluted basis
(as though all currently exercisable options or other securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for NEON shares had been so converted,
exercised or exchanged) as of the date that we accept the NEON shares pursuant
to our offer.
Based on information supplied by NEON, the number of NEON shares
needed to satisfy the minimum tender condition would have been approximately
19,898,416 as of February 15, 2001.


Regulatory Clearance Condition

     This condition has been satisfied as the waiting period under the HSR Act
has been terminated.


Registration Statement Effectiveness Condition

     The registration statement on Form S-4 of which this prospectus is a part
must have become effective under the Securities Act and not be the subject of
any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order.


Nasdaq Listing Condition

     The shares of Sybase common stock issuable to NEON stockholders in the
offer and the merger must have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National
Market, subject to official notice of issuance, or be exempt from such
requirement under the applicable laws, regulations and rules of the Nasdaq Stock
Market, Inc.

Tax Opinion Conditions

     Sybase and NEON must have received opinions from their respective counsel,
reasonably satisfactory to both, on the basis of customary facts,
representations and assumptions, that the offer and the merger will be a
tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes; provided that if NEON's
counsel does not render the opinion, this condition shall still be considered
satisfied if counsel to Sybase renders the opinion to NEON.


Other Conditions of the Offer

     The offer is also subject to the conditions that, at the time of acceptance
for exchange of NEON shares pursuant to the offer:

          (1) There shall not have been any action taken, law enacted, judgment
     entered or similar barrier imposed, by any governmental entity, other than
     the application of the waiting period provisions of the HSR Act to the
     offer or the merger, and there shall not be pending any action, suit or
     proceeding by any governmental entity against Sybase, NEON, Neel
     Acquisition Corp. or any of their respective subsidiaries, that, in the
     reasonable judgment of Sybase, is likely, directly or indirectly, to:

             (i) prohibit, or make illegal, the acceptance for payment of or
        payment for NEON common stock or the consummation of the offer or the
        merger,

             (ii) render Neel Acquisition Corp. unable to accept for payment or
        pay for some or all of the shares of NEON common stock,

             (iii) impose material limitations on the ability of Sybase
        effectively to exercise full rights of ownership of the NEON shares,
        including the right to vote the NEON common stock purchased by it on all
        matters properly presented to NEON's stockholders,

             (iv) prohibit or impose any material limitations on Sybase's direct
        or indirect ownership or operation (or that of any of its affiliates) of
        all or a material portion of its or NEON's businesses or assets,

             (v) compel Sybase or its affiliates to dispose of or hold separate
        any portion of the business or assets of NEON or Sybase and their
        respective subsidiaries which would be material in the context of NEON
        and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,

             (vi) oblige NEON, Sybase or any of their respective subsidiaries to
        pay material damages in connection with the transactions contemplated by
        the reorganization agreement or

             (vii) otherwise constitute a material adverse effect on NEON or, as
        a result of the transactions contemplated by the reorganization
        agreement, Sybase;

          (2) NEON shall not have materially breached any of its covenants,
     obligations or agreements under the reorganization agreement; the
     representations and warranties of NEON contained in the reorganization
     agreement shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of
     the date of the reorganization agreement and shall be true and correct in
     all respects on and as of the date of the expiration of the offer with the
     same force and effect as if made on that date, except for certain breaches
     which individually or in the aggregate do not constitute a material adverse
     effect;

          (3) all change of control severance agreements entered into between
     selected NEON officers and NEON and Amendment No. 1 to the Preferred Shares
     Right Agreement, dated August 5, 1998 shall be in full force and effect;
     and

          (4) the reorganization agreement shall not have been terminated in
     accordance with its terms.


REGULATORY CLEARANCES

     We and NEON have agreed pursuant to the reorganization agreement to use all
reasonable efforts to take whatever actions are required to obtain necessary
regulatory approvals with respect to the offer and the merger.
Other than
clearance under the antitrust laws applicable to the offer and the merger which
are described below, the SEC declaring the effectiveness of the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part and the filing of a certificate of
merger under the DGCL with respect to the merger, we do not believe that any
additional material governmental filings are required with respect to the offer
and the merger.

     
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR
Act") and the related rules, the merger may not be completed until we and NEON
notify and furnish information to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice and specified waiting period requirements
have been satisfied.
The notifications required under the HSR Act to the Federal
Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice have
been filed and we received notice of early termination on March 9, 2001.

     
We and NEON also conduct operations in Germany where other regulatory
filings or approvals are required in connection with the completion of the offer
or the merger.
We and NEON have made all necessary filings required by the
German regulatory authorities.
With respect to such filings, we cannot be
certain that the German approvals or consents will be granted and, if these
approvals or consents are received, we cannot be certain as to the date of those
approvals or consents.
In addition, we cannot be certain that we will be able to
cause NEON or its subsidiaries to satisfy or comply with those laws or that
compliance or noncompliance will not have adverse consequences for NEON or any
subsidiary of NEON after purchase of the shares of NEON common stock pursuant to
the offer or the merger.


POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF OUR OFFER

     Reduced Liquidity; Possibly no Longer Included for Quotation.
The tender of
NEON shares pursuant to the offer will reduce the number of holders of NEON
shares and the number of NEON shares that might otherwise trade publicly and
could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining

NEON shares held by the public.
NEON shares are included for quotation and
principally traded on the Nasdaq National Market.
Depending on the number of
NEON shares acquired pursuant to the offer, following consummation of the offer,
NEON shares may no longer meet the requirements of the Nasdaq National Market
for continued quotation.
The NASD's requirements for continued inclusion in the
Nasdaq National Market, among other things, require that an issuer have either:

     - at least 750,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 stockholders
       of round lots, with a market value of at least $5 million and net
       tangible assets of at least $4 million and at least two registered and
       active market makers for the shares; or

     - at least 1,100,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400
       stockholders of round lots, with a market value of at least $15 million
       and at least four registered and active market markers, and either:

       - a market capitalization of at least $50 million; or

       - total assets and total revenue of at least $50 million each for the
         most recently completed fiscal year or two of the last three most
         recently completed fiscal years.

     
The shares might nevertheless continue to be included in the Nasdaq
National Market with quotations published in the Nasdaq "additional list" or in
one of the "local lists," but if the number of holders of the shares were to
fall below 300, the number of publicly held shares were to fall below 500,000 or
there were not at least two registered and active market makers for the shares,
the NASD's rules provide that the shares would no longer be "qualified" for
Nasdaq reporting and Nasdaq would cease to provide any quotations.
Shares held
directly or indirectly by directors, officers or beneficial owners of more than
10% of the shares are not considered as being publicly held for this purpose.

If, following the closing of offer, the shares of NEON no longer meet the
requirements of the NASD for continued inclusion in the Nasdaq National Market
or in any other tier of Nasdaq and the shares were no longer included in the
Nasdaq National Market or in any other tier of Nasdaq, the market for NEON
shares could be adversely affected.

     
If the NEON shares no longer meet the requirements of the NASD for
continued inclusion in any tier of the Nasdaq, it is possible that the shares
would continue to trade in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations
would be reported by other sources.
The extent of the public market for the NEON
shares and the availability of quotations for NEON shares would, however, depend
upon the number of holders of shares remaining at that time, the interest in
maintaining a market in NEON shares on the part of securities firms, the
possible termination of registration of the shares under the Exchange Act, as
described below, and other factors.
We cannot predict whether the reduction in
the number of NEON shares that might otherwise trade publicly would have an
adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for, or marketability of, the
NEON shares.

     
According to NEON, there were, as of March 8, 2001, approximately
36,848,779 shares of NEON common stock outstanding.

     
Status as "Margin Securities."
The NEON shares are presently "margin
securities" under the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, which has the
effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the
collateral of NEON shares.
Depending on the factors similar to those described
above with respect to market quotations, following consummation of the offer,
the NEON shares may no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of
the Federal Reserve Board's margin regulations, in which event the NEON shares
would not be eligible as collateral for margin loans made by brokers.

     
Registration Under the Exchange Act.
NEON shares are currently registered
under the Exchange Act.
NEON can terminate that registration upon application to
the SEC if the outstanding shares are not listed on a national securities
exchange, quoted on an automated inter-dealer quotation system or if there are
fewer than 300 holders of record of NEON shares.
Termination of registration of
the NEON shares under the Exchange Act would reduce the information that NEON
must furnish to its stockholders and to the SEC and would make certain
provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery

provisions of Section 16(b) and the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement
in connection with stockholders meetings pursuant to Section 14(a) and the
related requirement of furnishing an annual report to stockholders, no longer
applicable with respect to NEON shares.
In addition, if NEON shares are no
longer registered under the Exchange Act, the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under
the Exchange Act with respect to "going-private" transactions would no longer be
applicable to NEON.
Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of NEON and persons
holding "restricted securities" of NEON to dispose of these securities pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be impaired or eliminated.
If
registration of the shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, they would no
longer be eligible for Nasdaq reporting or for continued inclusion on the
Federal Reserve Board's list of "margin securities.
"

RELATIONSHIPS WITH NEON

     Except as set forth herein, neither we nor, to the best of our knowledge,
any of our directors, executive officers or other affiliates has any contract,
arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other person with respect to
any securities of NEON, including, but not limited to, any contract,
arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or the voting
of any such securities, joint ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts or
calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties against loss or the giving or withholding
of proxies.
Except as described herein, there have been no contacts,
negotiations or transactions since January 1, 1997, between us or, to the best
of our knowledge, any of our directors, executive officers or other affiliates
on the one hand, and NEON or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a
merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer or other acquisition of
securities, an election of directors, or a sale or other transfer of a material
amount of assets.
Neither we nor, to the best of our knowledge, any of our
directors, executive officers or other affiliates has since January 1, 1997 had
any transaction with NEON or any of its officers, directors or affiliates that
would require disclosure under the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable
to the offer.

     
Neither we nor, to the best of our knowledge, any of our directors,
executive officers or other affiliates beneficially owns or has any right to
acquire, directly or indirectly, any NEON shares and neither we nor, to the best
of our knowledge, any of our directors, executive officers or other affiliates
has effected any transaction in the NEON shares during the past 60 days.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     The merger of Sybase and NEON will be accounted for as a "purchase," as
that term is used under generally accepted accounting principles, commonly
referred to as "GAAP", for accounting and financial reporting purposes.
NEON
will be treated as the acquired corporation for these purposes.
NEON's assets,
liabilities and other items will be adjusted to their estimated fair value on
the closing date of the merger and combined with the historical book values of
the assets and liabilities of Sybase.
Applicable income tax effects of these
adjustments will be included as a component of the combined company's deferred
tax asset or liability.
The difference between the estimated fair value of the
assets, liabilities and other items (adjusted as discussed above) and the
purchase price will be recorded as an intangible asset and amortized against the
combined company's earnings over six years following completion of the merger.

For further information concerning the amount of goodwill or other intangibles
to be recorded in connection with the merger and the amortization of that
goodwill, see "Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
Statements on page 32."

     Sybase has prepared the unaudited pro forma financial information contained
in this prospectus using the purchase accounting method to account for the offer
and the merger.
See "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
Statements" on page 27.

FEES AND EXPENSES

     We have retained Merrill Lynch to provide certain financial advisory
services to us in connection with the offer and the merger.
Merrill Lynch will
receive customary compensation for these services.
We have agreed to indemnify
Merrill Lynch and related persons against certain liabilities and expenses in

connection with its services as financial advisor, including certain liabilities
and expenses under the federal securities laws.
From time to time, Merrill Lynch
and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of NEON for
their own account or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may hold a
long or short position in these securities.

     
We have retained Corporate Investor Communications, Inc. to act as
Information Agent in connection with the offer.
The Information Agent may
contact holders of NEON shares by mail, telephone, telex, telegraph, e-mail and
personal interview and may request brokers, dealers and other nominee
stockholders to forward material relating to the offer to beneficial owners of
NEON shares.
We will pay the Information Agent reasonable and customary
compensation for these services in addition to reimbursing the Information Agent
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
We have agreed to indemnify the
Information Agent against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with
the offer, including certain liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws.

     
In addition, we have retained American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as
the Exchange Agent.
We will pay the Exchange Agent reasonable and customary
compensation for its services in connection with the offer, will reimburse the
Exchange Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will indemnify the
Exchange Agent against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain
liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws.

     
Except as set forth above, we will not pay any fees or commissions to any
broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of NEON shares pursuant to
the offer.
We will reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust
companies and other nominees, upon request, for customary clerical and mailing
expenses incurred by them in forwarding offering materials to their customers.

          
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     Sybase common stock and NEON common stock are listed on the Nasdaq National
Market.
Sybase's ticker symbol is "SYBS" and NEON's ticker symbol is "NEON."
The
following table shows, for the periods indicated, the highest and lowest last
sale prices for shares of Sybase common stock and shares of NEON common stock on
the Nasdaq National Market for the quarters indicated.
Neither Sybase nor NEON
have paid any cash dividends during the periods presented.

                                                          
SYBASE
                                                       COMMON STOCK         NEON COMMON STOCK
                                                    ------------------      ------------------
                                                       MARKET PRICE            MARKET PRICE
                                                    ------------------      ------------------
                                                     HIGH        LOW         HIGH        LOW
                                                    ------      ------      ------      
------

  First Quarter...................................  $11.00      $ 5.53      $74.75      $41.50
  Second Quarter..................................   
11.00        6.48       73.38       34.94
  Third Quarter...................................   
13.19       10.00       44.06       13.00
  Fourth Quarter..................................   
18.50       10.63       59.00       20.50

  First Quarter...................................  $29.75      $16.50      $91.63      $39.00
  Second Quarter..................................   
24.94       18.25       42.50       19.81
  Third Quarter...................................   28.50       21.13       45.38       21.00
  Fourth Quarter..................................   24.31       17.56       21.44        4.47

  First Quarter (through March 14, 2001)..........  $25.88      $16.81      $ 7.50      $ 2.59

     According to NEON, there were, as of March 8, 2001, approximately
36,848,779 shares of NEON common stock outstanding, held by 750 holders of
record.

     
There were, as of February 15, 2001, approximately 87,881,136 shares of
Sybase common stock outstanding held by 1,505 holders of record.

     
On February 20, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the offer and the merger, the last sale price per share of
Sybase common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $24.50 and the last sale
price per share of NEON common stock was $6.94.
On March 14, 2001, the most
recent practicable date prior to the filing of this document, the last sale
price per share of Sybase common stock was $16.88 and the last sale price per
share of NEON common stock was $6.34.
We urge you to obtain current market
quotations for Sybase and NEON shares of common stock before making any decision
on the offer and the merger.

     
Neither Sybase nor NEON has ever declared or paid any cash dividends on
their common stock nor other securities and neither anticipates paying cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.

          
INTERESTS OF NEON OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE TRANSACTION

     
The information contained in the Information Statement attached as Schedule
I to the Schedule 14D-9 of NEON dated March 15, 2001 is incorporated herein by
reference.

     
Except as described in this prospectus or incorporated herein by reference
as a result of the previous sentence, as of the date of this prospectus, there
exists no material agreement, arrangement or understanding or any actual or
potential conflict of interest between NEON or its affiliates and (1) NEON's
executive officers, directors or affiliates or (2) Sybase or Neel Acquisition
Corp. or their respective executive officers, directors or affiliates.


TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS

     
The reorganization agreement provides that each outstanding option to
purchase shares of NEON common stock under the NEON stock option plans will be
assumed upon consummation of the merger by Sybase and shall thereafter be
exercisable for that number of shares of Sybase common stock equal to the number
of shares of NEON common stock for which it is exercisable multiplied by the
exchange ratio rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Sybase
common stock.
In addition, the per share exercise price of each assumed option
shall be determined by dividing the original exercise price by the exchange
ratio rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

     
According to the terms of the NEON 1995 Stock Option Plan, 1998
Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan and 1997 Director Option Plan, 12 months of
unvested options held by employees, directors and officers of NEON shall
accelerate in the event that the employee, director or officer is terminated
without cause or as a result of constructive termination at any time within 12
months following consummation of the offer.

     
In addition, George F. (Rick) Adam, Jr., Frederick T. Horn, Peter
Hoversten, Leonard Goldstein and Stephen E. Webb and Dr. Patrick J. Fortune hold
unvested options that will become exercisable in full upon consummation of the
Offer.
(See "-- Certain Executive Agreements" below.)

     
The following table sets forth, with respect to each of the executive
officers and non-employee directors of NEON:

     - the number of shares of NEON common stock subject to options held by such
       persons that will be exercisable immediately upon the consummation of the
       merger (including options that are currently exercisable as well as
       options which will become exercisable in connection with the transactions
       contemplated by the reorganization agreement);

     - the range of exercise prices of the options held by such persons;

     - the weighted average exercise price of the options held by such persons;
       and

     - the cash value (i.e., the total stock value less the exercise price) of
       all options held by such persons which are in-the-money (i.e. represent a
       positive spread between the respective exercise prices of the options and
       the per share of NEON common stock value of the consideration to be
       received in the offer and the merger), based upon an assumed per share of
       NEON common stock amount of

       consideration to be received by NEON stockholders in the offer and the
       merger of $6.54 in Sybase common stock, based on the last sales price of
       Sybase common stock on March 14, 2001 of $16.88.

                                                                                              
AGGREGATE
                                    OPTIONS WHICH        RANGE OF        WEIGHTED AVERAGE      VALUE OF
                                       WILL BE        EXERCISE PRICES     EXERCISE PRICE     IN-THE-MONEY
               NAME                 EXERCISABLE(1)       PER SHARE          PER SHARE          OPTIONS
               ----                 
--------------    ---------------    ----------------    ------------

George F. Adam, Jr. ..............     302,905(2)      $5.25 - 54.45          $10.60         $316,357.02
Melvyn Bergstein..................      25,886(3)     13.00 - 20.62            14.08                  --
Patrick J. Fortune................     754,683(2)      4.78 - 49.50            24.20          410,144.52
Mark L. Gordon....................      30,332(3)      6.00 - 38.88            17.07               5,400
Joseph Kasputys...................      43,664(3)     19.25 - 38.88            22.36                  --
Steven Lazarus....................      56,998(3)      6.28 - 38.88            12.07            9,487.33
Robert I. Theis...................     129,270         3.62 -  7.00             5.52          156,264.60
Leonard Goldstein.................     107,023(2)      4.78 -  7.00             5.88           89,365.92
Frederick T. Horn.................     423,665(2)      3.62 - 49.50            11.91          425,765.33
Peter Hoversten...................     201,828(2)      4.50 -  7.00             5.60          219,163.44
Franz Koepper.....................       3,125            7.00                  7.00                  --
Stephen E. Webb...................     235,448(2)      4.50 - 49.50            10.07          222,180.21

- ---------------
(1) Assumes a closing date of April 16, 2001.


(2) Includes options which will become exercisable upon consummation of the
    offer.


(3) Includes options which will become exercisable if these individuals are
    deemed to no longer serve as directors of NEON following the consummation of
    the offer.


CERTAIN EXECUTIVE AGREEMENTS

     In connection with the negotiation of the reorganization agreement, Sybase
required that the change of control severance agreements between NEON and each
of Messrs. Adam, Horn, Hoversten, Goldstein and Webb and Dr. Fortune be amended
with new terms to be effective upon the consummation of the offer.
Each of the
amended change of control severance agreements provides that all NEON options
granted to such person prior to the date of the amended agreements will vest and
all restrictions on restricted stock held by such person will lapse upon
consummation of the offer.
The amended agreements of Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Webb
provide for a cash payment of $750,000 to be paid to each of them upon
consummation of the offer.
The amended agreements of Mr. Horn, Mr. Hoversten and
Dr. Fortune provide cash payments of $1,092,000, $390,000 and $1,560,000,
respectively, based upon their continued employment with Sybase following the
consummation of the offer.
The cash payments to Mr. Horn, Mr. Hoversten and Dr.
Fortune are payable as follows: 5/13 on the 12-month anniversary of the
consummation of the offer, 3/13 on the 18-month anniversary of the consummation
of the offer, and the remaining 5/13 on the 24-month anniversary of the
consummation of the offer.
If any of Mr. Horn, Mr. Hoversten or Dr. Fortune is
terminated by Sybase without cause prior to the 24-month anniversary of the
consummation of the offer, he will receive his respective cash payment (less any
amounts previously paid) in a lump sum payment.
The amended agreement of Mr.
Adam does not provide for a cash payment.

     
This summary of the terms of the amended change of control severance
agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the
amended change of control severance agreements, which have been filed as
exhibits (e)(6) through (e)(11) of NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
on Schedule 14D-9 and are incorporated herein by reference.
Information
regarding the prior change of control severance agreements with certain
executive officers is included in Schedule I of NEON's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 .

     
Also, Dr. Franz Koepper is a party to a Change of Control Severance
Agreement with NEON, dated January 30, 2001, which provides that if Dr. Koepper
is terminated other than "for cause" (as defined

therein) within 18 months following the consummation of the offer, Dr. Koepper
will receive a lump sum cash payment equal to 100% of his annual compensation,
accelerated vesting of all NEON options held and, for a period of one year
following the date of termination, continued employee benefits.
This summary of
the terms of Dr. Koepper's Change of Control Severance Agreement is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Change of Control
Severance Agreement, which has been filed as exhibit (e)(12) of NEON's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 and is incorporated
herein by reference.
Information regarding Dr. Koepper's employment agreement
with NEON is included in Schedule I of NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9.

     
In connection with the negotiation of the reorganization agreement, Sybase
required that Messrs. Adam, Horn and Hoversten and Dr. Fortune enter into
employment and non-competition agreements in order to help retain these officers
following the merger.
These agreements, which become effective only upon the
effective date of the merger, provide for initial base salaries of $400,000 for
Mr. Adam, $400,000 for Dr. Fortune, $300,000 for Mr. Horn and $250,000 for Mr.
Hoversten.
The agreements provide for annual target bonuses of up to $200,000 in
the cases of Mr. Adam and Dr. Fortune, up to $120,000 in the case of Mr. Horn,
and up to $100,000 in the case of Mr. Hoversten.
The agreements provide that
upon the effective date of the merger, Messrs. Adam, Horn and Hoversten and Dr.
Fortune will be granted stock options to purchase 155,000, 125,000, 125,000 and
125,000 shares of Sybase common stock, respectively, 1/8 of which will vest on
the six-month anniversary of the merger (based upon continued employment) and
1/48 of which will vest monthly thereafter through the 48th month following the
effective date of the Merger (based upon continued employment).
The agreements
for Messrs. Adam, Horn and Hoversten and Dr. Fortune provide that in the event
they are terminated "without cause," they will receive (provided the officer
executes a release in favor of Sybase) a severance payment as follows: an amount
equal to 18 months of salary and bonus in the case of Mr. Adam, an amount equal
to the senior vice president severance package then applicable to such employees
in the case of Dr. Fortune and an amount equal to the vice president severance
package then applicable to such employees in the cases of Mr. Horn and Mr.
Hoversten.
Each of the agreements also provides for certain restrictive
covenants on behalf of the officers in favor of Sybase, including provisions
regarding noncompetition, nonsolicitation and nondisclosure of confidential
information.

     
This summary of the terms of the employment and non-competition agreements
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the employment
agreements (and the amendments thereto), which have been filed as exhibits
(e)(13) through (e)(20) of NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 and are incorporated herein by reference.
Information regarding
employment agreements between NEON and certain of its executive officers is
included in Schedule I of NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9.


INDEMNIFICATION

     From and after the effective time of the merger, Sybase will fulfill and
honor in all respects the obligations of NEON pursuant to the provisions of each
indemnification agreement between NEON and its directors or officers in effect
prior to the effective time of the merger and the indemnification provisions of
the NEON certificate of incorporation in effect as of the date of the
reorganization agreement (or indemnification provisions at least as favorable as
the provisions of the NEON certificate of incorporation).
Furthermore, Sybase
has agreed to maintain for six years after the effective time of the Merger,
subject to certain cost limitations, a policy of directors' and officers'
liability insurance covering the directors and officers of NEON.

          
THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT AND THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS

     
The following descriptions of the reorganization agreement and the
stockholder agreements describe the material terms of such agreements but does
not purport to describe all the terms of such agreements.
The complete text of
the reorganization agreement, and the form of the stockholder agreement are

attached as Annex A and Annex B, respectively, to this prospectus.
All
stockholders are urged to read the reorganization agreement and the form of the
stockholder agreement in their entirety because they are the legal documents
that govern the offer and the merger.


THE OFFER

     Terms of the Offer.
The reorganization agreement provides for the
commencement by Neel Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sybase, of
this offer to exchange all outstanding shares of NEON common stock for shares of
Sybase common stock.
The reorganization agreement provides for the consideration
that we will pay in the offer, including the exchange ratio of 0.3878 of a share
of Sybase common stock for each share of NEON common stock.
The reorganization
agreement provides that the initial expiration date of the offer is the
twentieth business day following commencement of the offer and that the offer is
subject to a number of conditions, including the minimum tender condition.
For a
description of those matters, refer to the discussion under "The Offer" on page
34 of this prospectus.

     
The reorganization agreement prohibits Neel Acquisition Corp., without the
consent of NEON, from amending or waiving the minimum tender condition or
amending the offer to change the form or amount of consideration to be paid,
decreasing the number of shares of NEON common stock sought in the offer,
imposing additional conditions to the offer, extending the expiration date of
the offer except as described below or making any other change which is adverse
to the holders of the shares of NEON common stock.

     
Mandatory Extensions of the Offer.
If any of the conditions to the offer is
not satisfied or waived on any scheduled expiration date of the offer, Neel
Acquisition Corp. will extend the offer for successive extension periods of not
more than 10 business days until all conditions to the offer are satisfied or
waived; provided that Neel Acquisition Corp. is not required to extend the offer
beyond June 30, 2001.

     
Optional Extensions of the Offer.
Neel Acquisition Corp. will have the
right to extend the offer (i) after acceptance of shares in the initial offering
period, as it may be extended, for a further period of time by means of a
subsequent offering period not to exceed 20 business days for the purpose of
having Sybase and Neel Acquisition Corp. collectively own at least 90% of the
outstanding shares of NEON common stock and (ii) for any period required by any
rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or its staff applicable
to the offer.

     
Prompt Payment for NEON Shares after the Closing of the Offer.
Subject to
the conditions of the offer, Neel Acquisition Corp. will accept for payment and
pay for, as promptly as practicable after the expiration of the offer, all
shares of NEON common stock validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant
to the offer.


THE MERGER

     The Merger.
The reorganization agreement provides that Neel Acquisition
Corp. will be merged with and into NEON no later than the second business day
following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the
reorganization agreement unless the parties agree to another date.
Under the
terms of the reorganization agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each
share of NEON common stock will be converted into the right to receive from Neel
Acquisition Corp. 0.3878 of a share of Sybase common stock for each share of
NEON common stock, the same per share consideration paid to holders of NEON
common stock who exchanged their NEON shares in the offer.
Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the merger consideration will not be payable in respect of NEON
shares held by NEON, Sybase or Neel Acquisition Corp.

     Effective Time of the Merger.
The merger will become effective upon the
filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of Delaware or
such later time as is agreed by NEON and Sybase and specified in the certificate
of merger.
The filing of the certificate of merger will take place as soon as
practicable on or after the closing date of the merger.


NEON BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Upon the acceptance for exchange of shares of NEON common stock pursuant to
the offer, Sybase will be entitled to designate a number of directors of NEON
(rounded up to the next whole number) that equals the product of (i) the total
number of directors on NEON's board of directors (giving effect to the election
of additional directors) and (ii) the percentage that the number of shares
beneficially owned by Sybase and Neel Acquisition Corp. bears to the total
number of shares of NEON common stock outstanding.
Until the merger has become
effective, NEON's board of directors shall include at least two members who were
directors of NEON prior to the consummation of the offer.
The reorganization
agreement provides that, prior to the effective time of the merger, the
affirmative vote of a majority of the continuing NEON directors will be required
for NEON to:

     - amend or terminate the reorganization agreement;

     - waive any rights, benefits or remedies under the reorganization
       agreement;

     - extend the time for performance of Sybase's or Neel Acquisition Corp.'s
       obligations under the reorganization agreement; or

     - approve any other action by NEON which is reasonably likely to adversely
       affect the interests of NEON's stockholders with respect to the
       transactions contemplated by the reorganization agreement.


TREATMENT OF NEON STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK

     At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding NEON option,
regardless of the extent vested, shall become an option to acquire, on the same
terms and conditions as were applicable under the NEON stock option, the same
number of shares of Sybase common stock as the holder of the NEON option would
have been entitled to receive pursuant to the reorganization agreement had the
holder exercised the NEON option in full immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger multiplied by the exchange ratio, rounded down to the nearest
whole number.
The price per share shall equal the per share exercise price at
which the NEON option was exercisable immediately prior to the effective time,
divided by the exchange ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

     
Sybase has agreed to take all action necessary to implement the above,
including the reservation for issuance and listing of a sufficient number of
shares of Sybase common stock for delivery upon exercise of these assumed
options.
Sybase has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 with
respect to the shares of Sybase common stock subject to the above options as
soon as is reasonably practicable (and in any event within 10 business days)
after the effective time of the merger.

     
Shares of Sybase common stock that are issued upon conversion of shares of
NEON common stock that immediately prior to the effective time of the merger are
unvested or are subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other
condition under any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other
agreement will continue to be unvested or subject to the same options, risks or
other conditions after the effective time of the merger unless the relevant
agreement provides that the option, risk or condition will be altered or will
terminate on consummation of the merger.


COVENANTS AND REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Reasonable Efforts.
The reorganization agreement provides that each of
Sybase and NEON will use its reasonable efforts to take all actions necessary to
close the offer and the merger.

     
Conduct of Business Pending the Appointment of Directors.
The
reorganization agreement obligates NEON, until the first acceptance for exchange
of shares of NEON common stock pursuant to the offer, to conduct its operations
in the ordinary course of business.
The reorganization agreement expressly
restricts the ability of NEON to engage in certain material transactions, such
as purchases and sales of assets or the sale or redemption of outstanding
securities of NEON, without the prior written consent of Sybase.

     
No Solicitation of Alternative Transactions.
The reorganization agreement
provides that, except in the circumstances described below, NEON will not,
directly or indirectly:

     - solicit, initiate or knowingly take any action to assist, facilitate,
       induce or encourage the making, submission or announcement of, any
       Acquisition Proposal (as defined below);

     - engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or
       knowingly furnish any information relating to NEON or any of NEON's
       subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books
       or records of NEON or any of NEON's subsidiaries to any person that has
       made, or knowingly take any other action to assist or facilitate any
       inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
       reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal;

     - approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

     - enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
       agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any
       Acquisition Proposal.

     
However, the reorganization agreement does provide that in response to an
unsolicited Acquisition Proposal that did not result from a breach by NEON of
its obligations not to solicit alternative transactions and following delivery
to Sybase of notice of the Acquisition Proposal, NEON's board of directors may,
subject to certain conditions:

     - engage or participate in discussions or negotiations with or furnish to
       any third party that makes a bona fide Acquisition Proposal nonpublic
       information relating to NEON or any of NEON's subsidiaries under a
       confidentiality agreement no less favorable than the confidentiality
       agreement between NEON and Sybase and/or

     - following receipt of such an Acquisition Proposal, withhold, withdraw,
       modify or change in a manner adverse to Sybase or fail to make its
       recommendation to its stockholders of the offer and the merger,

if, in each case, the NEON board of directors concludes in good faith (after
consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that
the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal (as defined below) and
determines in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel)
that it is necessary to take such action(s) in order to satisfy its fiduciary
duties to NEON's stockholders under Delaware law.

     
"Acquisition Proposal" means any offer or proposal by a third party
relating to:

     - any acquisition or purchase from NEON by any person or group of more than
       15% of the outstanding voting securities of NEON or any of its
       subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated
       would result in any person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of
       the outstanding voting securities of NEON or any of its subsidiaries or
       any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
       involving NEON pursuant to which the stockholders of NEON immediately
       preceding that transaction would hold less than 85% of the equity
       interests in the surviving or resulting entity of that transaction;

     - any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business),
       exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
       business), acquisition, or disposition of more than 15% of the
       consolidated assets of NEON; or

     - any liquidation or dissolution of NEON.

     
"Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal not
received in violation of the solicitation prohibitions of the reorganization
agreement for at least a majority of the outstanding shares of NEON common stock
on terms that the NEON board of directors determines in good faith by a majority
vote, after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation and taking into account all the terms and conditions of the
Acquisition Proposal, are more favorable to the NEON stockholders than the offer
and the merger; provided that no proposal shall be deemed a "Superior Proposal"
if any

financing required to consummate the transaction contemplated in that offer is
not committed and is not likely in the good faith judgment of the NEON board of
directors to be obtained by that party on a timely basis.

     
Antitrust Laws.
Each of Sybase and NEON will take those lawful actions that
are necessary to make the filings required under any applicable antitrust laws
in connection with the reorganization agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the reorganization agreement.

     
Employee Benefits.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we have
agreed to give credit under all employee benefit plans, programs, policies and
arrangements maintained by us or the surviving corporation (other than
sabbatical benefits) to each employee of NEON or its subsidiaries for all
service with NEON or its subsidiaries.
In addition, we have agreed to provide
employees of NEON and its subsidiaries who are retained by us with the benefits
substantially comparable in the aggregate to those benefits provided to our
similarly situated employees; provided that such benefits are available on
reasonable terms, we are permitted to make any changes required by law and there
shall be no duplication of benefits.

     Representations and Warranties.
The reorganization agreement contains a
number of customary representations and warranties relating to each of the
parties and their ability to consummate the offer and the merger.
All
representations and warranties of each party expire upon the filing of the
certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.


CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     For a description of the conditions of the offer, see "The
Offer -- Conditions of the Offer" on page 50.

CONDITIONS OF THE MERGER

     The obligations of Sybase, Neel Acquisition Corp. and NEON to consummate
the merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, any of
which may be waived in writing by both Sybase and NEON:

     - if required by Delaware law, the reorganization agreement shall have been
       approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the NEON stockholders under
       Delaware law and NEON's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

     - Neel Acquisition Corp. shall have accepted for exchange and exchanged all
       shares of NEON common stock tendered pursuant to the offer;

     - no provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment,
       injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the
       merger;

     - the shares of Sybase common stock to be issued in the merger shall have
       been approved for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to official notice of
       issuance or shall be exempt from such requirement under then applicable
       laws, regulations and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.; and

     - the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the merger, including
       any post-effective amendment thereto, shall have become effective under
       the Securities Act and not be the subject of any stop order or
       proceedings seeking a stop order.


TERMINATION OF THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

     Termination by Mutual Agreement.
The reorganization agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the effective time of the merger by mutual
written consent of the Sybase and NEON boards of directors.

     
Termination by either Sybase or NEON.
The reorganization agreement may be
terminated by either Sybase or NEON:

          (1) at a time prior to the effective time of the merger if:

             (i) the offer expires or terminates in accordance with the terms of
        the reorganization agreement without Sybase or Neel Acquisition Corp.
        having accepted for exchange any shares of NEON common stock, except
        that Sybase will not be permitted to terminate the reorganization
        agreement for this reason if the offer expires or terminates as a result
        of Sybase's breach of the reorganization agreement;

             (ii) the offer has not been consummated on or before June 30, 2001,
        unless the failure to consummate the offer is principally caused by or
        results from the action or failure to act of the party seeking
        termination and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of
        the reorganization agreement; or

             (iii) there shall be any applicable law or regulation that makes
        consummation of the merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or any
        judgment, injunction, or order which is final and nonappealable
        prohibiting the consummation of the merger; or

          (2) at any time prior to the first acceptance for exchange of shares
     of NEON common stock pursuant to the offer, if any representation or
     warranty of the non-terminating party contained in the reorganization
     agreement was when made or becomes untrue or inaccurate such that, overall,
     the untruths or inaccuracies would reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on the non-terminating party, or the
     non-terminating party materially breaches any covenant or agreement
     contained in the reorganization agreement, if that untruth, inaccuracy or
     breach has not been or is incapable of being cured by the non-terminating
     party within 30 days following receipt by the non-terminating party of
     written notice from the terminating party of the, untruth, inaccuracy or
     breach.

     
Termination by Sybase.
Sybase can terminate the reorganization agreement at
any time prior to the first acceptance of shares of NEON common stock in the
offer by Sybase if:

          (1) the NEON board of directors, or any of its committees, approves or
     recommends to the NEON stockholders any Acquisition Proposal other than the
     offer and the merger;

          (2) the NEON board of directors, or any of its committees, withholds,
     withdraws, modifies or changes in any way adverse to Sybase, or fails to
     make, its recommendation to the NEON stockholders that they accept the
     offer and approve and adopt the reorganization agreement;

          (3) NEON fails to include in various documents relating to the offer
     the recommendation of the NEON board of directors to the NEON stockholders
     that they accept the offer and approve and adopt the reorganization
     agreement;

          (4) the NEON board of directors fails to reaffirm its recommendations
     within ten business days after Sybase requests in writing that the
     recommendations be reaffirmed at any time following the announcement and
     during the pendency of an Acquisition Proposal;

          (5) NEON enters into any letter of intent or similar document or any
     agreement, contract or commitment (other than a confidentiality agreement
     as permitted by the reorganization agreement) accepting any Acquisition
     Proposal;

          (6) a tender or exchange offer relating to 15% or more of the shares
     of NEON common stock is commenced by a third party, and NEON does not send
     to its stockholders pursuant to certain rules under the Exchange Act,
     within 10 business days of the day that the offer is first published, sent
     or given, a statement that NEON recommends rejection of that tender or
     exchange offer; or

          (7) NEON breaches any of the terms regarding nonsolicitation contained
     in the reorganization agreement in any material respect.

     
Termination by NEON.
NEON may terminate the reorganization agreement at any
time prior to the first acceptance for exchange of shares of NEON common stock
pursuant to the offer, to enter into a letter of intent or similar document or
any agreement, contract or commitment with respect to an Acquisition Proposal,
provided that:

          (1) NEON is not in breach of its obligations under the conditions
     listed below and under the nonsolicitation provisions of the reorganization
     agreement and continues to comply with all such obligations in all
     respects;

          (2) the NEON board of directors has authorized, subject to complying
     with the terms of the reorganization agreement, NEON to enter into a
     definitive written agreement for a transaction that constitutes a Superior
     Proposal;

          (3) NEON notifies Sybase in writing that it has received a Superior
     Proposal and intends to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to
     that Superior Proposal, attaching the most current version of that
     agreement to the notice;

          (4) Sybase does not make, within five business days after receipt of
     NEON's written notice of its intention to enter into a definitive agreement
     for a Superior Proposal, any offer that the NEON board of directors in good
     faith determines, after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
     recognized standing and its outside legal counsel, is at least as favorable
     to NEON's stockholders as such Superior Proposal;

          (5) during that period NEON has fully cooperated with Sybase,
     including but not limited to, informing Sybase of the terms and conditions
     of such Superior Proposal, and the identity of the person making such
     Superior Proposal, with the intent of enabling both parties to agree to a
     modification of the terms and conditions of the reorganization agreement so
     that the transactions contemplated by the reorganization agreement may be
     effected;

          (6) prior to NEON's termination under these circumstances, NEON pays
     to Sybase the termination fee as described below under "-- Termination
     Fee"; and

          (7) immediately following such termination NEON enters into a
     definitive agreement to effect the Superior Proposal.


TERMINATION FEE

     If the reorganization agreement is either terminated:

     - by Sybase prior to the first acceptance for exchange of shares of NEON
       common stock as described under "-- Termination of the Reorganization
       Agreement -- Termination by Sybase"; or

     - by NEON as described under "-- Termination of the Reorganization
       Agreement -- Termination by NEON,"

then NEON shall be required to pay to Sybase a termination fee in an amount
equal to $15 million in immediately available funds.

     
If Sybase or NEON terminates the reorganization agreement as described in
paragraphs (1)(i) and (1)(ii) under "-- Termination of the Reorganization
Agreement -- Termination by either Sybase or NEON" prior to the first acceptance
of shares of NEON common stock in the offer and no event described under
"-- Termination of the Reorganization Agreement -- Termination by Sybase" has
occurred, and (i) after the date of the reorganization agreement and prior to
the date of termination of the reorganization agreement any Acquisition Proposal
has been publicly announced or has become publicly known and not withdrawn at
least 5 business days prior to the termination by NEON and (ii) within 9 months
following termination of the reorganization agreement either a Company
Acquisition occurs or NEON enters into an agreement or binding letter of intent
providing for a Company Acquisition (and such Company Acquisition is later
consummated), then NEON shall pay to Sybase, no later than one business day
after Sybase demands payment, $15 million in immediately available funds.

     
For purposes of the preceding paragraph, "Company Acquisition" means any of
the following transactions (other than the offer and the merger):

     - a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
       liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving NEON pursuant
       to which the NEON stockholders immediately preceding that transaction
       hold less than 50% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving or
       resulting entity of the transaction or a parent entity following the
       transaction;

     - a sale or other disposition by NEON of a business or assets representing
       50% or more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of
       NEON immediately prior to such sale; or

     - the acquisition by any person or group (including by way of a tender
       offer or an exchange offer or issuance by NEON), directly or indirectly,
       of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership of
       shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of the then
       outstanding shares of capital stock of NEON.


AMENDMENTS

     The reorganization agreement may be amended by action taken by Sybase, Neel
Acquisition Corp. and NEON at any time prior to the closing of the merger.
The
reorganization agreement provides that if Sybase designates directors of NEON
prior to the effective time of the merger, any amendment of the reorganization
agreement, any termination of the reorganization agreement by NEON, any
extension by NEON of the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
other acts of Sybase or Neel Acquisition Corp. under the reorganization
agreement, waiver by NEON of any rights of NEON under the reorganization
agreement or any approval of any other action by NEON which is reasonably likely
to adversely affect the interests of the NEON stockholders with respect to the
transactions provided for under the reorganization agreement, will require the
concurrence of a majority of the NEON directors then in office who were not
designated by Sybase.


THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS

     Parties.
As an inducement for Sybase and Neel Acquisition Corp. to enter
into the reorganization agreement, immediately prior to the signing of the
reorganization agreement, certain of NEON's directors and officers and
affiliated stockholders entered into stockholder agreements with Sybase.

     
The obligations of those stockholders under the stockholder agreements
cover, in the aggregate, 4,408,112 NEON shares, which represented approximately
12% of the outstanding NEON shares as of February 15, 2001 (approximately 14%
after giving effect to all options which will become exercisable within 60 days
of February 15, 2001).

     
Agreement to Tender.
Each stockholder who signed a stockholder agreement
agreed to tender in the offer and not withdraw that portion of his or her shares
of NEON covered by such stockholder agreement as well as any additional NEON
shares acquired by such stockholders after the date of the stockholder
agreement.

     
Proxy.
Each stockholder who signed a stockholder agreement granted Sybase
or any nominee of Sybase a proxy to vote or grant a consent with respect to that
portion of that stockholder's NEON shares covered by the stockholder agreement:

     - in favor of the adoption and approval of the reorganization agreement and
       the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the reorganization
       agreement;

     - against the approval of any Acquisition Proposal;

     - against any merger, consolidation, business combination or sale of assets
       of NEON with any party other than Sybase;

     - against the reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation or winding up
       of NEON or any other extraordinary transaction involving NEON;

     - against the corporate action that would prevent or delay consummation of
       the offer, the merger or any other transaction contemplated by the
       reorganization agreement; or

     - against any other matters relating to the foregoing.

     Termination.
All obligations under the stockholder agreements terminate
upon the earlier of (i) the effective time of the merger or (ii) the termination
of the reorganization agreement in accordance with its terms.

                
COMPARISON OF SYBASE AND NEON STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

     Set forth on the following pages is a summary comparison of material
differences between the rights of a Sybase stockholder under the current Sybase
certificate of incorporation and bylaws (left column) and the rights of a NEON
stockholder under the current NEON certificate of incorporation and bylaws
(right column).
Copies of these documents will be sent to holders of shares of
NEON common stock upon request.
A summary by its nature is not complete.
We
encourage you to refer to the relevant portions of the Sybase certificate of
incorporation and bylaws incorporated in this document by reference, the NEON
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the relevant provisions of Delaware
law.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         GENERAL
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - The rights of Sybase stockholders are governed by Sybase's  - The rights of NEON stockholders are governed by NEON's
  certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in addition to       certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in addition to
  Delaware law.                                                 
Delaware law.

- - Upon completion of the merger, the Sybase certificate of    - Upon completion of the merger, NEON stockholders will
  incorporation and bylaws will be the same in all respects     become Sybase stockholders.
  
as the present documents.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    AUTHORIZED CAPITAL
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - The authorized capital stock of Sybase consists of:         - The authorized capital stock of NEON consists of:
  - 200,000,000 shares of Sybase common stock, with a par     - 200,000,000 shares of NEON common stock, with a par value
  value of $0.001 per share; there were 87,881,136 shares of    of $0.0001 per share; there were 36,848,779 shares of
  common stock outstanding as of February 15, 2001.             
common stock outstanding as of March 8, 2001.
  - 8,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of  - 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of
  $0.001 per share, none issued or outstanding as of            $0.0001 per share, none issued or outstanding as of March
  February 15, 2001.                                            8, 2001.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             AMENDMENT OF GOVERNING DOCUMENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CHARTER
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           SYBASE                                                         NEON

- - Except for the matters specified in the following section,  - Except for the matters specified in the following section,
  an authorization of the Sybase board, followed by the vote    an authorization of the NEON board, followed by the vote
  of a majority of the outstanding shares of Sybase common      of a majority of the outstanding shares of NEON common
  stock is required for an amendment to the Sybase              stock is required for an amendment to the NEON certificate
  certificate of incorporation.                                 of incorporation.

                           
SYBASE                                                         NEON

- - An amendment to the Sybase certificate of incorporation     - An amendment to the NEON certificate of incorporation
  providing for the following requires the affirmative vote     which substantially alters the certificate of
  of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding       incorporation in a manner adversely and substantially
  shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, voting      affecting the preferred stock requires the approval of the
  separately as a class:                                        majority of outstanding shares of NEON preferred stock.
  - amending the certificate of incorporation in a manner
    materially and adversely affecting the powers and
    preferences of the Series A Participating Preferred
    Stock.


- - The affirmative vote of the holders of at least  2/3 of
  the combined voting power of all of the then-outstanding
  shares of Sybase entitled to vote is required to alter,
  amend or repeal stockholder voting rights in the election
  of directors and the provision of the bylaws relating to
  stockholder action by written consent without a meeting
  unless such amendment is approved by a majority of
  directors not affiliated with any person or entity holding
  26% or more of the voting power of Sybase's outstanding
  capital stock.

BYLAWS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           SYBASE                                                         NEON

  - The Sybase bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed     - The NEON bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by:
     by:
     - the board of directors; or                             - the board of directors; or
     - the stockholders entitled to vote.                     - the stockholders entitled to vote.
  -
The affirmative vote of at least  2/3 of the combined
    voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of
    Sybase entitled to vote is required to alter, amend or
    repeal stockholder voting rights and the provision of
    the bylaws relating to the stockholder action by written
    consent without a meeting unless such amendment is
    approved by a majority of the directors not affiliated
    or associated with any person or entity holding 26% or
    more of the voting power of Sybase's outstanding capital
    stock.


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DIRECTORS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NUMBER
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - Sybase's bylaws provide that the board of directors shall   - The NEON bylaws provide that the board of directors shall
  consist of 7 directors.                                       
consist of 9 members.
This number may be changed by an
                                                                amendment to the certificate of incorporation or by an
                                                                amendment to the bylaws adopted by the board of directors
                                                                or by the stockholders.
- - The current number of directors is 7.                       -
The current number of directors is 7.

CLASSIFICATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - The board of directors is divided into three classes, each  - The board of directors is divided into three classes with
  as nearly equal in number as possible, with one class         overlapping three-year terms.
There are two Class I
  being elected annually to a three-year term.
There are two    directors, whose terms will expire at the annual meeting
  Class I directors, whose terms will expire at the annual      to be held in 2003; three Class II directors, whose term
  meeting to be held in 2002; three Class II directors,         will expire at the annual meeting to be held in 2002; and
  whose terms will expire at the annual meeting to be held      two Class III directors, whose terms will expire at the
  in 2003; and four Class III directors, whose terms will       annual meeting to be held in 2001.
  
expire at the annual meeting to be held in 2001.


NOMINATIONS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - A stockholder must make any nomination for a director in    - A stockholder must make any nomination for a director in
  writing to the secretary of Sybase at least 90 days prior     writing to the secretary of NEON not less than 90 days in
  to the annual or special meeting; however, in the event       advance of the annual meeting or special meeting;
  that less than 100 days notice or prior public disclosure     provided, however, that in the case of a meeting called by
  of the date of the meeting is given or made to                or on behalf of the board of directors of NEON where prior
  stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must     notice, or public disclosure, of the meeting has not been
  be so received not later than the close of business on the    given or made at least 100 days prior to such meeting,
  tenth day following the day on which such notice of the       notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received
  date of the meeting was mailed or such public disclosure      not later than the close of business on the tenth day
  was made.                                                     
following the day on which such notice of the date of the
                                                                meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made.

REMOVAL
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - Sybase directors may be removed with or without cause, by   - Any director or the entire board or directors may be
  the holders of a majority of shares then entitled to vote     removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a
  at an election of directors.
However, so long as              majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an
  stockholders are entitled to cumulative voting, if less       election of directors.
  
than the entire board is to be removed, no director may be
  removed without cause if the votes cast against his or her
  removal would be sufficient to elect him or her if then
  cumulatively voted at an election of the entire board of
  directors.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNUAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - The annual meeting of stockholders must be held on a date   - The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held on a date
  and at a place within or without Delaware as may be           and at a place fixed by the NEON board of directors.
In
  designated by resolution of the board of directors.           
the absence of such designation, the annual meeting of
                                                                stockholders shall be held on the third Friday in June in
                                                                each year at 3:00 p.m.
However, if such day falls on a
                                                                legal holiday, then the meeting shall be held at the same
                                                                time and place on the next succeeding full business day.

SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purposes,     - A special meeting of stockholders may be called at any
  may be called at any time by the board of directors, by       time by the board of directors, the chairman of the board
  the chairman of the board, by the president or by the         or the chief executive officer, or by one or more
  chief executive officer, or by one or more stockholders       stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to
  holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less     cast not less than 20% of the votes of all shares of stock
  than 10% of the votes at that meeting.                        
owned by stockholders entitled to vote at that meeting.


STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - A Sybase stockholder wishing to bring business before the   - A NEON stockholder wishing to bring business before the
  annual or special stockholders' meeting must provide          annual stockholders' meeting must provide written notice
  written notice to the corporation's secretary.
The notice     not less than 90 days in advance of the annual meeting;
  must be received not less than 90 days prior to the           provided, however, that in the case of a meeting called by
  meeting.                                                      
or on behalf of the board of directors of NEON where prior
                                                                notice, or public disclosure, of the meeting has not been
                                                                given or made at least 100 days prior to such meeting,
                                                                notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received
                                                                not later than the close of business on the tenth day
                                                                following the day on which such notice of the date of the
                                                                meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made.

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLANS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SYBASE                                                        NEON
- - Sybase entered into a Preferred Shares Rights Agreement     - NEON entered into a Preferred Shares Rights Agreement
  dated as of March 24, 1992 between Sybase and The First       dated as of August 5, 1998 between NEON and Bank Boston,
  National Bank of Boston as rights agent (commonly referred    N.A. as rights agent (commonly referred to as a "poison
  to as a "poison pill").                                       pill").
NEON has amended this agreement so that it will
                                                                not apply to the offer and merger.

- - Rights will separate from Sybase's common stock and become  - Rights will separate from NEON's common stock and become
  exercisable following the tenth day (or such later date as    exercisable following (a) the fifteenth day (or such later
  may be determined by a majority of the directors not          date as may be determined by a majority of the board of
  affiliated with the acquiring person or group) after a        directors) after a person or group acquires beneficial
  person or group (a) acquires beneficial ownership of 15%      ownership of 15% or more of NEON's common stock or (b) the
  or more of Sybase's common stock or (b) announces a tender    fifteenth day (or such later date as may be determined by
  or exchange offer, the consummation of which would result     a majority of the board of directors) after a person or
  in ownership by a person or group of 15% or more of           group announces a tender or exchange offer, the
  Sybase's common stock.                                        
consummation of which would result in ownership by a
- - There is an exception, under certain terms, for an            person or group of 15% or more of NEON's common stock.
  
acquisition by Lotus Development Corporation.                 
However, with respect to George F. (Rick) Adam, Jr., the
                                                                applicable percentage shall be 25% in lieu of 15% and with
                                                                respect to other stockholders of record on the record
                                                                date, the applicable percentage shall be 20% in lieu of
                                                                15%.

- - After the distribution date, each Right will entitle the    - After the distribution date, each Right will entitle the
  holder, other than the acquiring person or group, to          holder, other than the acquiring person or group, to
  purchase shares of Sybase common stock at a 50% discount      purchase shares of NEON common stock at a 50% discount to
  to its market price as of the purchase date.                  
its market price as of the purchase date.


STATE ANTI-TAKEOVER LAWS

     Under Delaware law, a Delaware corporation generally may not engage in a
"business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three
years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.

"Business combination" includes a merger, consolidation, asset sale or other
transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder.

"Interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and
associates, owns, or within three years, did own 15% or more of the
corporation's voting stock.
This prohibition does not apply if

     - the corporation has elected not to be governed by these restrictions;

     - prior to the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder,
       the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business
       combination or the transaction resulting in the stockholder's becoming an
       interested stockholder;

     - upon consummation of the transaction resulting in the stockholder's
       becoming an interested stockholder, the stockholder owns at least 85% of
       the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, excluding voting stock
       owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock
       plans; or

     - at or subsequent to the time that the stockholder became an interested
       stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board and
       authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by
       written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the
       outstanding voting stock that the interested stockholder does not own.

     
Neither Sybase nor NEON has elected not to be governed by these
restrictions.
The NEON board of directors has taken the necessary action to make
the above restrictions on business combinations inapplicable to the offer and
the merger.

                         
BENEFICIAL SHARE OWNERSHIP BY
                     PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The following table sets forth certain information concerning the
beneficial ownership of shares of NEON common stock as of February 15, 2001 for
the following: (1) each person or entity who is known by NEON to own
beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding Shares; (2) each of NEON's
directors; (3) each of the executive officers of NEON named in the Summary
Compensation Table set forth in NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation on Schedule
14D-9; and (4) all directors and executive officers of NEON as a group.

                                                                 
SHARES        PERCENTAGE
                                                              BENEFICIALLY    BENEFICIALLY
    5% STOCKHOLDERS, DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS(1)        OWNED(2)        OWNED(2)
    
----------------------------------------------------      ------------    ------------

George F. (Rick) Adam, Jr.(3)...............................   3,940,823          10.7%
Patrick J. Fortune(4).......................................     247,374             *
Melvyn E. Bergstein(5)......................................      
11,110             *
Mark L. Gordon(6)...........................................      
27,499             *
Joseph E. Kasputys(7).......................................      
44,554             *
Steven Lazarus(8)...........................................      95,364             *
Robert I. Theis(9)..........................................     192,185             *
Stephen E. Webb(10).........................................     
145,923             *
Frederick T. Horn(11).......................................     215,478             *
Franz Koepper(12)...........................................      
71,667             *
All directors and executive officers as a group (12
  persons)(13)..............................................   5,197,834          13.8

- ---------------
  *  Less than 1%.

 
(1) This information was obtained from filings made with the SEC pursuant to
     Sections 13(d) or 13(g) of the Exchange Act.
Unless otherwise indicated,
     the address of each of the individuals or entities named above is: c/o New
     Era of Networks, Inc., 6550 Greenwood Plaza Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado
     80111.

 
(2) The number and percentage of shares of NEON common stock beneficially owned
     is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, and the
     information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any
     other purpose.
Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares of
     NEON common stock as to which the individual or entity has voting power or
     investment power and also any shares of NEON common stock which the
     individual or entity has the right to acquire within 60 days of February
     15, 2001 through the exercise of any stock option or other right.
Unless
     otherwise indicated in the footnotes, each person has sole voting and
     investment power (or shares such powers with his or her spouse) with
     respect to the shares shown as beneficially owned.

 
(3) Includes an aggregate of 383,272 shares of NEON common stock held by
     certain entities over which Mr. Adam has voting and investment control.
     
Also includes 122,278 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of
     stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.

 
(4) Includes 195,931 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of
     stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.

 
(5) Consists solely of shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of
     stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.

 
(6) Includes 3,000 shares of NEON common stock held by the Mark L. Gordon Trust
     and 500 shares of NEON common stock held by Mr. Gordon's wife.
Also
     includes 19,999 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of stock
     options that are exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.

 
(7) Includes 25,554 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of stock
     options that are exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.

 
(8) Includes 5,496 shares of NEON common stock held by ARCH Venture Fund II,
     L.P., a limited partnership of which Mr. Lazarus is a general partner.
Also
     includes 2,000 shares of NEON common stock held by Mr. Lazarus's wife,
     16,481 shares of NEON common stock held by the Arlene Lazarus Trust and
     4,100 shares of NEON common stock held by the Lazarus Investment Limited
     Partnership.
Also includes 46,665 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon
     exercise of stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of February
     15, 2001.

 
(9) Includes 129,269 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of
     stock options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.


(10) Includes 100,655 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of
     stock options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.


(11) Includes 200 shares of NEON common stock held by Mr. Horn as custodian for
     his daughter and 136,997 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise
     of stock options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.


(12) Includes 3,125 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon exercise of stock
     options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.


(13) Includes an aggregate of 900,015 shares of NEON common stock issuable upon
     exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2001.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

     Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, counsel to
Sybase, will pass on the validity of the shares of Sybase common stock to be
issued to NEON stockholders in the offer and merger.

                                    
EXPERTS

     Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited our consolidated
financial statements and schedule included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 1999, as set forth in their report, which is
incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement.
Our financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance on
Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as experts in accounting
and auditing.

     
The consolidated financial statements of New Era of Networks, Inc. included
in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000,
incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public
accountants, as indicated in their report with respect thereto, and are
incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the authority of said firm as
experts in giving said report.

     
The financial statements of Home Financial Network, Inc. as of December 31,
1999 and 1998 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
1999 incorporated in this registration statement by reference to the Current
Report on Form 8-K dated February 3, 2000 (as amended) of Sybase, Inc. have been
so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

                                                                      
SCHEDULE I

                      INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS AND
                       EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF SYBASE, INC.

     Directors and Executive Officers.
The following table sets forth the name,
age and present principal occupation or employment, and material occupations,
positions, offices or employments for the past five years, of each director and
executive officer of Sybase.
Except as indicated below, the business address of
each such person is Sybase, Inc., 6475 Christie Avenue, Emeryville, California
94608.

                                                    
PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT
      NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS        AGE               AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
      -------------------------        ---   --------------------------------------------------------

John S. Chen.........................  44    
Mr. Chen has been Chairman, President and Chief
                                             Executive officer of Sybase, Inc. since November 1998.
                                             
From February through November 1996, he served as
                                             co-Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Chen joined Sybase in
                                             August 1997 as Chief Operating Officer and served in
                                             that capacity until February 1998.
From March 1995 to
                                             July 1997, Mr. Chen was President of the Open Enterprise
                                             Computing Division, Siemens Nixdort, a computer and
                                             electronics company, and Chief Executive Officer and
                                             Chairman of Siemens Pyramid, a subsidiary of Siemens
                                             Nixdorf.
He has also served as a Board member of Beyond.
                                             com since March 1999.

Alan B. Salisbury....................  62    Dr. Salisbury has served as a director since July 1993.
                                             
He is also a member of the Audit Committee.
From April
                                             1993 through August 1998, he served as President and
                                             General Manager of Learning Tree International USA,
                                             Inc., a provider of advanced technology and technical
                                             management training.
Since August 1998, he has served as
                                             Chairman of Learning Tree International USA, Inc.
                                             Between June 1991 and April 1993, Dr. Salisbury served
                                             as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
                                             of Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corp., an
                                             information technology research and development
                                             consortium.
From November 1984 through September 1987,
                                             Dr. Salisbury served as the Commanding General of the
                                             U.S. Army Information Systems Engineering Command.
Dr.
                                             Salisbury is also a director of TelePad Corp., Template
                                             Software, Inc. and Learning Tree International.

Linda K. Yates.......................  37    Ms. Yates is a founder of Strategos, an international
                                             strategy consulting firm, where she served as Chief
                                             Executive Officer from January 1995 through August 1999.
                                             
Ms. Yates currently serves in various advisory and board
                                             roles with approximately 10 Silicon Valley start-ups.
                                             
Prior to founding Strategos in 1995, Ms. Yates spent six
                                             years with the Mac Group/Gemini Consulting where she
                                             served as Vice President and head of the West Coast from
                                             1992 to 1994.

                                       I-1

                                                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT
      NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS        AGE               AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
      
-------------------------        ---   --------------------------------------------------------

Richard C. Alberding.................  
69    Mr. Alberding has served as a director since September
                                             1993.
He is also a member of the Compensation Committee.
                                             
Mr. Alberding served as an Executive Vice President of
                                             Hewlett-Packard Company, an electronics and computer
                                             manufacturer, before retiring from the company in 1991.
                                             
He had served in various management positions with HP
                                             beginning in 1958.
Mr. Alberding is also a director of
                                             Digital Microwave Corp, Paging Network Inc., JLK Direct
                                             Distribution, Inc., Kennametal, Inc., Walker Interactive
                                             Systems, and PCTEL Inc.
L. William Krause....................  57    Mr. Krause has served as a director since February 1995.
                                             
He is also a member of the Compensation Committee.
Mr.
                                             Krause has been President of LWK Ventures, a private
                                             investment company, since November 1998.
Prior to that,
                                             beginning in October 1991, he served as President, Chief
                                             Executive Officer and director of Storm Technology,
                                             Inc., a provider of computer peripherals and software
                                             for digital imaging which filed for protection under the
                                             Federal Bankruptcy Laws in November 1998.
He is also a
                                             director of Pinnacle Systems, Inc. and Ramp Networks,
                                             Inc.
Robert P. Wayman.....................  54    Mr. Wayman has served as a director since July 1995.
He
                                             is also a member of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Wayman has
                                             been Chief Financial Officer of Hewlett-Packard Company,
                                             a computer and electronics company, since 1984, and its
                                             Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration
                                             since 1992.
He is also a director of HP and CNF Inc.,
                                             and is the current Chairman, Private Sector Council and
                                             member of the Kellogg Advisory Board to Northwestern
                                             University School of Business.

Cecilia Claudio......................  45    Ms. Claudio has served as a director since November
                                             1999.
Ms. Claudio has been Senior Vice President and
                                             Chief Information Officer of Farmers Group, Inc., a
                                             large automobile and home insurance company, since 1998.
                                             
From 1994 to 1997, she was a faculty member of Harvard
                                             School of Public Health.
Ms. Claudio has also held
                                             various senior management positions at Anthem Blue
                                             Cross/Blue Shield, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, Xerox
                                             Corporation, The Gap Inc. and Olivetti (Worldwide).

Eric L. Miles........................  53    Mr. Miles has served as Senior Vice President and
                                             General Manager of the Business Intelligence Division
                                             since December 1998.
Between December 1997, when he
                                             joined Sybase, and December 1998, he was Senior Vice
                                             President, Product Operations.
From November 1995 until
                                             he joined Sybase, Mr. Miles served as Vice President,
                                             Product Development at Informix Corporation.

Raj Nathan...........................  46    Dr. Nathan has served as Senior Vice President and
                                             General Manager of the Internet Applications Division
                                             since December 1998.
Joining Sybase in November 1997, he
                                             served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Program
                                             Office until December 1998.
From May through November
                                             1997, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer
                                             of Siemens Pyramid, and held a number of executive
                                             positions with Siemens Pyramid prior to that.

                                       
I-2

                                                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT
      NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS        AGE               AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
      
-------------------------        ---   --------------------------------------------------------

Terry Stepien........................  
41    Mr. Stepien has served as President of iAnywhere
                                             Solutions, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sybase since
                                             March 1999.
From September 1996 to March 1999, he was
                                             Vice President and General Manager, Mobile and Embedded
                                             Computing Division.
From September 1996 to September
                                             1998, he served as Vice President, Marketing for
                                             Database Products.
Mr. Stepien was Vice President,
                                             Marketing for Workplace Database Products from February
                                             1995 to September 1996.

Pieter van der Vorst.................  
45    Mr. Van der Vorst has served as Vice President and Chief
                                             Financial Officer since January 1999.
Between November
                                             1997 and January 1999, he served as Corporate
                                             Controller, and prior to that, he served as Vice
                                             President, Tax and Corporate Accounting beginning in
                                             April 1997.
Mr. Van der Vorst has held various other
                                             positions since joining Sybase in 1991.

Pamela J. George.....................  54    Ms. George has served as Vice President of Corporate
                                             Marketing since April 1999.
Prior to that she was Vice
                                             President of Corporate Communications at Maxager
                                             Technology, beginning in December 1997.
From October
                                             1991 through October 1995, Ms. George was Director of
                                             Corporate Communications for Cisco Systems.

Daniel R. Carl.......................  47    Mr. Carl has served as Vice President, General Counsel
                                             and Secretary since April 1999.
Immediately prior to
                                             that, he served as Director of European Legal Affairs,
                                             beginning in January 1997.
Mr. Carl has been a Vice
                                             President of Sybase since May 1996, and served as
                                             Associate General Counsel from 1992 to April 1999.

Martin J. Healy......................  37    Mr. Healy has served as Vice President and Corporate
                                             Controller since January 1999.
Between January 1997 and
                                             January 1999, he served as Vice President,
                                             Intercontinental Operations.
Mr. Healy was Director of
                                             Finance, Asia (excluding Japan) from January 1994 to
                                             December 1997, and prior to that held various positions
                                             within the Company's finance organization.
Before
                                             joining Sybase in 1989, Mr. Healy was Financial
                                             Reporting Manager at WordStar International.

Nita C. White-Ivy....................  53    Ms. White-Ivy has served as Vice President of Human
                                             Resources since March 1998.
Prior to that, she was a
                                             human resources consultant to Sybase beginning in
                                             January 1998.
Before joining Sybase, she was with
                                             Siemens Pyramid, serving as Vice President of Worldwide
                                             Human Resources from February 1994 to October 1997.

Marty Beard..........................  
38    Mr. Beard has served as Vice President of Corporate
                                             Development since August 2000.
Prior to joining Sybase,
                                             Mr. Beard served as Vice President of Oracle Online
                                             during December 1998 to July 2000, and Senior Director
                                             of Mid Markets Business Solutions for Oracle Corporation
                                             from June 1997 to 1999.
From 1993 through 1997, Mr.
                                             Beard was Staff Director of Corporate Strategy and
                                             Development for Pacific Telesis Group.

                                       
I-3

                                                                         ANNEX A
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

                                  BY AND AMONG

                                  SYBASE, INC.

                             NEEL ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      AND

                           NEW ERA OF NETWORKS,
INC.

                         DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 20, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

ARTICLE I THE OFFER AND THE MERGER..........................   A-1
  Section 1.01 The Offer....................................   A-1
  Section 1.02 Company Action...............................   A-3
  Section 1.03 Directors....................................   A-3
  Section 1.04 The Merger...................................   A-4
  Section 1.05 Effective Time; Closing......................   A-4
  Section 1.06 Effect of the Merger.........................   A-4
  Section 1.07 Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.........   A-4
  Section 1.08 Directors and Officers.......................   A-5
  Section 1.09 Effect on Capital Stock......................   A-5
  Section 1.10 Surrender of Certificates....................   A-6
  Section 1.11 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common
     Stock..................................................   A-7
  Section 1.12 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.......   A-7
  Section 1.13 Tax and Accounting Consequences..............   A-8
  Section 1.14 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action...   A-8
  Section 1.15 Dissenting Shares............................   A-8
ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY........   A-8
  Section 2.01 Organization and Qualification;
     Subsidiaries...........................................   A-8
  Section 2.02 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws......   A-9
  Section 2.03 Capitalization...............................   A-9
  Section 2.04 Authority Relative to this Agreement.........  A-11
  Section 2.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents...  A-11
  Section 2.06 Legal Compliance; Permits....................  A-12
  Section 2.07 SEC Filings; Financial Statements............  A-12
  Section 2.08 No Undisclosed Liabilities...................  A-12
  Section 2.09 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.........  A-13
  Section 2.10 Absence of Litigation........................  A-13
  Section 2.11 Employee Matters and Benefit Plans...........  A-13
  Section 2.12 Restrictions on Business Activities..........  A-17
  Section 2.13 Title to Property............................  A-17
  Section 2.14 Taxes........................................  A-17
  Section 2.15 Intellectual Property........................  A-19
  Section 2.16 Reorganization...............................  A-22
  Section 2.17 Brokers......................................  A-22
  Section 2.18 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments........  A-22
  Section 2.19 Insurance....................................  A-23
  Section 2.20 Opinion of Financial Advisor.................  A-23
  Section 2.21 Board Approval...............................  A-23
  Section 2.22 Vote Required................................  A-24
  Section 2.23 Environmental Matters........................  A-24
  Section 2.24 Interested Party Transactions................  A-24
  Section 2.25 State Takeover Statutes......................  A-25
ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND
            MERGER SUB......................................  A-25
  Section 3.01 Organization and Qualification;
     Subsidiaries...........................................  A-25
  Section 3.02 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws......  A-26

                                        i

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

  Section 3.03 Capitalization...............................  A-26
  Section 3.04 Authority Relative to this Agreement.........  
A-26
  Section 3.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents...  A-26
  Section 3.06 SEC Filings; Financial Statements............  A-27
  Section 3.07 No Undisclosed Liabilities...................  A-27
  Section 3.08 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.........  A-27
  Section 3.09 Absence of Litigation........................  A-28
  Section 3.10 Operations and Assets of Merger Sub..........  A-28
  Section 3.11 Taxes........................................  A-28
  Section 3.12 Reorganization...............................  A-28
  Section 3.13 Brokers......................................  A-28
ARTICLE IV INTERIM CONDUCT..................................  A-28
  Section 4.01 Conduct of Business by Company...............  A-28
  Section 4.02 Conduct of Business by Parent................  A-31
ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.............................  A-32
  Section 5.01 Stockholder Approval; Preparation of
               Registration Statement and Proxy Statement/
               Prospectus...................................  A-32
  Section 5.02 Regulatory Filings...........................  A-33
  Section 5.03 No Solicitation..............................  A-34
  Section 5.04 Obligations of Merger Sub....................  A-35
  Section 5.05 Voting of Shares.............................  A-36
  Section 5.06 Registration Statement.......................  A-36
  Section 5.07 Confidentiality; Access to Information.......  A-36
  
Section 5.08 Public Disclosure............................  A-36
  Section 5.09 Reasonable Efforts; Notification.............  A-36
  Section 5.10 Disclosure Documents.........................  A-37
  Section 5.11 Stock Options; ESPP..........................  A-38
  
Section 5.12 Form S-8.....................................  A-39
  Section 5.13 Nasdaq Listing...............................  A-39
  Section 5.14 Indemnification..............................  A-39
  Section 5.15 Company Affiliate Agreements.................  A-39
  Section 5.16 Termination of Certain Company Plans.........  A-39
  Section 5.17 Tax Matters..................................  A-40
  Section 5.18 No Rights Plan Amendment.....................  A-40
  Section 5.19 Employee Benefits............................  A-40
  Section 5.20 Action by Board of Directors.................  A-41
ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.........................  A-41
  Section 6.01 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to
     Effect the Merger......................................  A-41
ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER...............  A-41
  Section 7.01 Termination..................................  A-41
  Section 7.02 Notice of Termination; Effect of
     Termination............................................  A-43
  Section 7.03 Fees and Expenses............................  A-43
  Section 7.04 Amendment....................................  A-44
  Section 7.05 Extension; Waiver............................  A-44
ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS.............................  A-45
  Section 8.01
Non-Survival of Representations and
     Warranties.............................................  A-45
  Section 8.02 Notices......................................  A-45
  Section 8.03 Interpretation...............................  A-46

                                        ii

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

  Section 8.04 Counterparts.................................  A-46
  Section 8.05 Entire Agreement; Third Party
     Beneficiaries..........................................  A-46
  Section 8.06 Severability.................................  A-47
  Section 8.07 Other Remedies; Specific Performance.........  A-47
  Section 8.08 Governing Law................................  A-47
  Section 8.09 Rules of Construction........................  A-47
  Section 8.10 Assignment...................................  A-47
  Section 8.11 Waiver of Jury Trial.........................  A-47

ANNEX I CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER

                               INDEX OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit A      Form of Company Stockholder Agreement
Exhibit B      Form of Company Affiliate Agreement
Exhibit C      Form of Employment and Non-Competition Agreement

                                       iii

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

     This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of February 20, 2001, among Sybase, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Neel Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and New Era of Networks, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Company").

                                    
RECITALS

     
The respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Company have
approved this Agreement, and declared advisable that Merger Sub make an exchange
offer (the "Offer") to exchange shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") for all of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ("Company Common Stock"), of
Company (the "Shares") and the merger of Merger Sub with and into Company (the
"Merger") upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware
Law").

     
A. It is intended that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the
Offer and the Merger (together, the "Transaction") shall be treated as an
integrated transaction and shall qualify as a "reorganization" within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code").
For accounting purposes, the Merger is intended to be accounted for as
a "purchase" under United States generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP").

     
B. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement and as a condition and
inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement: (1) the
directors, executive officers and certain stockholders of Company are entering
into Stockholder Agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the "Company Stockholder Agreements"), (2) the Company Affiliates (as defined
in Section 5.15) are entering into Company Affiliate Agreements in substantially
the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Company Affiliate Agreements"), and
(3) George Adam, Patrick Fortune, Fredrick Horn and Peter Hoversten are entering
into Employment and Non-Competition Agreements in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit C.

     C. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition
and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement, (i) certain
officers of Company have entered into amendments to the Change of Control
Severance Agreements to which such officers are party to, among other things,
waive certain severance and other rights that may be triggered as a direct or
indirect result of the transactions contemplated hereby (each, a "Severance
Agreement Amendment"), and (ii) Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust
Company have amended (the "Rights Plan Amendment") the Preferred Shares Right
Agreement, dated August 5, 1998 (the "Company Rights Plan"), to render the
Rights thereunder inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company Stockholder
Agreements.

     
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                            THE OFFER
AND THE MERGER

     SECTION 1.01  The Offer.
(a) Provided that (i) this Agreement shall not
have been terminated in accordance with Section 7.01 and (ii) none of the events
set forth in Annex I hereto that would entitle Parent and Merger Sub to fail to
consummate the Offer shall have occurred and be continuing, Merger Sub shall, as
promptly as practicable after the date hereof, commence the Offer.
Each Share
accepted by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer shall be exchanged for the right to
receive from Merger Sub that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio.
For

                                       A-1

purposes of this Agreement, the "Exchange Ratio" shall mean 0.3878.
The initial
expiration date of the Offer shall be the twentieth business day following
commencement of the Offer.
The Offer shall be subject to the condition that
there shall be validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer prior
to the expiration date of the Offer and not withdrawn a number of Shares which,
together with the Shares then owned by Parent and Merger Sub (if any) represents
at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares, assuming the
exercise of all currently exercisable options, rights and convertible securities
(if any) and the issuance of all Shares that Company is obligated to issue
thereunder (such total number of outstanding Shares being hereinafter referred
to as the "Fully Diluted Shares") (the "Minimum Condition") and to the other
conditions set forth in Annex I hereto.
Parent and Merger Sub expressly reserve
the right to waive the conditions to the Offer and to make any change in the
terms or conditions of the Offer; provided that, without the prior written
consent of Company, no change may be made which decreases the number of Shares
sought in the Offer, changes the form or amount of consideration to be paid,
imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in Annex I,
changes or waives the Minimum Condition or any of the other conditions set forth
in Annex I, extends the Offer (except as set forth in the following two
sentences), or makes any other change to any of the terms and conditions to the
Offer which is adverse to the holders of Shares.
Subject to the terms of the
Offer and this Agreement and the satisfaction (or waiver to the extent permitted
by this Agreement) of the conditions to the Offer, Merger Sub shall accept for
payment all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as
soon as practicable after the applicable expiration date of the Offer and shall
pay for all such Shares promptly after acceptance; provided that (x) Merger Sub
shall extend the Offer for successive extension periods not in excess of 10
business days per extension if, at the scheduled expiration date of the Offer or
any extension thereof, any of the conditions to the Offer shall not have been
satisfied, until such time as such conditions are satisfied or waived, and (y)
Merger Sub may extend the Offer if and to the extent required by the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
In
addition, Merger Sub may extend the Offer after the acceptance of Shares
thereunder for a further period of time by means of a subsequent offering period
under Rule 14d-11 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), of not more than 20 business days to meet the
objective (which is not a condition to the Offer) that there be validly
tendered, in accordance with the terms of the Offer, prior to the expiration
date of the Offer (as so extended) and not withdrawn a number of Shares which,
together with Shares then owned by Parent and Merger Sub, represents at least
90% of the Fully Diluted Shares.
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
will be issued in connection with the exchange of Parent Common Stock for Shares
upon consummation of the Offer, but in lieu thereof each tendering stockholder
who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent
Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock
that otherwise would be received by such holder) in the Offer shall receive from
Parent an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest,
equal to the product obtained by multiplying such fraction by the closing price
of one (1) share of Parent Common Stock on the first date Merger Sub accepts
Shares for exchange in the Offer, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market
("NASDAQ").

     (b) As soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement, Parent shall
prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 to register
the offer and sale of Parent Common Stock pursuant to the Offer (the
"Registration Statement").
The Registration Statement will include a preliminary
prospectus containing the information required under Rule 14d-4(b) promulgated
under the Exchange Act (the "Preliminary Prospectus").
As soon as practicable on
the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall (i) file with
the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with respect to the Offer which
will contain or incorporate by reference all or part of the Preliminary
Prospectus and form of the related letter of transmittal (together with any
supplements or amendments thereto, collectively the "Offer Documents") and (ii)
cause the Offer Documents to be disseminated to holders of Shares.
Parent,
Merger Sub and Company each agree promptly to correct any information provided
by it for use in the Registration Statement or the Offer Documents if and to the
extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect.

Parent and Merger Sub agree to take all steps necessary to cause the Offer
Documents as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to
holders of Shares, in

                                       A-2

each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws.

Company and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on the Schedule TO, the Registration Statement and the Offer Documents
prior to their being filed with the SEC.
Parent agrees to provide Company and
its counsel with any comments Parent, Merger Sub or their counsel may receive in
writing from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents as soon as
practicable after receipt of such written comments.

     
SECTION 1.02  Company Action.
(a) Company hereby consents to the Offer and
represents that its Board of Directors, at a meeting duly called and held on or
prior to the date hereof, has by the unanimous vote of all directors present and
voting (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are consistent with and in
furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Company and are advisable and
are fair to and in the best interest of Company and its stockholders, (ii)
approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Offer and the Merger and the Company Stockholder Agreements and
the transactions contemplated thereby, which approval constitutes approval under
Section 203 of Delaware Law such that the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and
the other transactions contemplated hereby and the Company Stockholder Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, are not and shall not be subject to
any restriction pursuant to Section 203 of Delaware Law, and (iii) resolved to
recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval and adoption of this Agreement by
Company's stockholders (the recommendations referred to in this clause (iii) are
collectively referred to in this Agreement as the "Recommendations").
Company
has been advised that all of its directors and executive officers and each
stockholder party to the Company Stockholder Agreements currently intend to
tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     
(b) As soon as practicable on the day that the Offer is commenced, Company
will file with the SEC and disseminate to holders of Shares a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9")
which shall include the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
referred to in Section 2.20 and, subject to Section 5.03(b), shall include the
Recommendations; provided, however, that prior to the Appointment Time the Board
of Directors of Company may withhold, withdraw, modify or change in a manner
adverse to Parent, or fail to make, its Recommendations in accordance with the
terms of Section 5.03(b).
Company, Parent and Merger Sub each agree promptly to
correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to
the extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material
respect.
Company agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9
as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of
Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws.
Parent and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity
to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 prior to its being filed with the
SEC.
Company agrees to provide Parent and its counsel with any comments Company
or its counsel receives in writing from the SEC or its staff with respect to the
Schedule 14D-9 as soon as practicable after receipt of such written comments.

     (c) Company will promptly furnish Parent and Merger Sub with a list of its
stockholders, mailing labels and any available listing or computer file
containing the names and addresses of all record holders of Shares and lists of
securities positions of Shares held in stock depositories, in each case as of
the most recent practicable date, and will provide to Parent and Merger Sub such
additional information (including, without limitation, updated lists of
stockholders, mailing labels and lists of securities positions) and such other
assistance as Parent or Merger Sub may reasonably request in connection with the
Offer.

     
SECTION 1.03  Directors.
(a) Effective upon the acceptance for payment by
Merger Sub of Shares pursuant to the Offer (the "Appointment Time"), Parent
shall be entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next
whole number, on Company's Board of Directors that equals the product of (i) the
total number of directors on Company's Board of Directors (giving effect to the
election of any additional directors pursuant to this Section 1.03) and (ii) the
percentage that the number of Shares owned by Parent or Merger Sub (including
Shares accepted for payment) bears to the total number of Shares outstanding,
and Company shall take all action reasonably necessary to cause Parent's
designees to be elected or appointed to Company's Board of Directors, including,
without limitation, increasing the

                                       A-3

number of directors, or seeking and accepting resignations of incumbent
directors, or both; provided that, prior to the Effective Time, Company's Board
of Directors shall always have at least two members who were directors of
Company prior to consummation of the Offer (each, a "Continuing Director").
If
the number of Continuing Directors is reduced to less than two for any reason
prior to the Effective Time, the remaining and departing Continuing Directors
shall be entitled to designate a person to fill the vacancy.
Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Parent's designees are elected to
Company's Board of Directors prior to the Effective Time, the affirmative vote
of a majority of the Continuing Directors shall be required for Company to (a)
amend or terminate this Agreement or agree or consent to any amendment or
termination of this Agreement, (b) waive any of Company's rights, benefits or
remedies hereunder, (c) extend the time for performance of Parent's and Merger
Sub's respective obligations hereunder, or (d) approve any other action by
Company which is reasonably likely to adversely affect the interests of the
stockholders of Company (other than Parent, Merger Sub and their affiliates
(other than Company and its subsidiaries)), with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     (b) Company's obligations to appoint designees to its Board of Directors
shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-l promulgated
thereunder.
Company shall promptly take all actions required pursuant to Section
1.03 and Rule 14f-l in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section 1.03
and shall include in the Schedule 14D-9 such information with respect to Company
and its officers and directors as is required under Section 14(f) and Rule
14f-l. Parent will supply to Company in writing and be solely responsible for
any information with respect to itself and its nominees, officers, directors and
affiliates required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1.

     
SECTION 1.04  The Merger.
At the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.05) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
applicable provisions of Delaware Law, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into
Company (the "Merger"), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall
cease and Company shall continue as the surviving corporation.
Company as the
surviving corporation after the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as
the "Surviving Corporation."

     SECTION 1.05  Effective Time; Closing.
Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, Company and Merger Sub shall cause the Merger to be consummated by
filing a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of Delaware Law (the
"Certificate of Merger")
(the time of such filing (or such later time as may be
agreed in writing by Company and Parent and specified in the Certificate of
Merger) being the "Effective Time") as soon as practicable on or after the
Closing Date (as herein defined).
Unless the context otherwise requires, the
term "Agreement" as used herein refers collectively to this Agreement and Plan
of Reorganization and the Certificate of Merger.
The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
Professional Corporation, One Market, Spear Street Tower, Suite 3300, San
Francisco, California, at a time and date to be specified by the parties, which
shall be no later than the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions set forth in Article VI, or at such other time, date and
location as the parties hereto agree in writing (the "Closing Date").

     
SECTION 1.06  Effect of the Merger.
At the Effective Time, the effect of
the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions
of Delaware Law.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject
thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of Company and Merger Sub shall become the
debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

     
SECTION 1.07  Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.

     (a) Certificate of Incorporation.
At the Effective Time, subject to the
provisions of Section 5.14 hereof, the Certificate of Incorporation of Company
shall be amended and restated in its entirety to be the same in substance as the
Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time (except that the name of Company shall remain "New Era of
Networks, Inc."), and such Certificate of Incorporation of Company, as so
amended and restated, shall be the Certificate of

                                       A-4

Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in
accordance with Delaware Law and such Certificate of Incorporation.

     (b) Bylaws.
At the Effective Time, subject to the provisions of Section
5.14 hereof, the Bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be adopted as the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended in accordance with Delaware Law, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws.

     
SECTION 1.08  Directors and Officers.
The initial directors of the
Surviving Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time until their successors shall have been duly elected and
qualified.
The initial officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be the
officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time until their
successors shall have been duly elected and qualified.

     
SECTION 1.09  Effect on Capital Stock.
Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without
any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of
the following securities, the following shall occur:

          (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock.
Each share of Company Common
     Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
     than any share of Company Common Stock to be canceled and extinguished
     pursuant to Section 1.09(b)) will be automatically converted (subject to
     Sections 1.09(e) and (f)) into the right to receive a fraction of a share
     of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (together with the cash
     in lieu of Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock as specified below, the
     "Merger Consideration") upon surrender of the certificate representing such
     share of Company Common Stock in the manner set forth in Section 1.10
     hereof (or in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon
     delivery of an affidavit (and bond, if required) in the manner set forth in
     Section 1.12 hereof).
Except to the extent otherwise provided for in any
     plan or agreement listed on Section 2.03 or 2.18 of the Company Schedule
     applicable to such shares, any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
     immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a
     repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under any
     applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with
     Company, then the shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange for such
     shares of Company Common Stock will also be unvested and subject to the
     same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition, and the
     certificates representing such shares of Parent Common Stock may
     accordingly be marked with appropriate legends.
Company shall take all
     action that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective
     Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other
     right set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other
     agreement.

          (b) Cancellation of Company-Owned and Parent-Owned Stock.
Each share
     of Company Common Stock held by Parent, Company or any direct or indirect
     wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent or Company, immediately prior to the
     Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion
     thereof.

          
(c) Stock Options; Employee Stock Purchase Plans.
(i)
At the Effective
     Time, all options to purchase Company Common Stock then outstanding under
     Company's 1995 Stock Option Plan, 1997 Director Option Plan, 1998
     Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, Century Analysis, Inc. 1996
Equity
     Incentive Plan, Convoy Corporation 1997 Stock Option Plan and Microscript
     1997 Stock Option Plan (the "Company Option Plans"), and the Company Option
     Plans themselves, shall be assumed by Parent in accordance with Section
     5.11(a) hereof.

             
(ii)
At the Effective Time, all purchase rights then outstanding
        under Company's 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), and the
        ESPP itself, shall be treated as set forth in Section 5.11(b) hereof.

          (d) Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
Each share of Common Stock, $0.001
     par value per share, of Merger Sub (the "Merger Sub Common Stock") issued
     and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted
     into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of

                                       A-5

     Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.
     
Each certificate evidencing ownership of shares of Merger Sub Common Stock
     immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, as of the Effective Time,
     evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving
     Corporation.

          
(e) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.
The Exchange Ratio, the Merger
     Consideration and any other amounts payable pursuant to the Offer or the
     Merger shall be adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any stock
     split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or
     distribution of securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
     for Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock), extraordinary cash
     dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination,
     exchange of shares or other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock
     or Company Common Stock occurring or having a record date on or after the
     date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

          (f) Fractional Shares.
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
     will be issued by virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof each holder of
     shares of Company Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a
     fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all
     fractional shares of Parent Common Stock that otherwise would be received
     by such holder) shall, upon surrender of such holder's Certificates(s) (as
     defined in Section 1.10(c)) receive from Parent an amount of cash (rounded
     to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the product obtained
     by multiplying such fraction by the closing price of one (1) share of
     Parent Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to the Effective
     Time, as reported on Nasdaq.

     
SECTION 1.10  Surrender of Certificates.

     (a) Exchange Agent.
Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall select a bank
or trust company to act as the exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the
Merger.

     (b) Exchange Fund.
Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall make
available to the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this Article I,
an "Exchange Fund" consisting of the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable
pursuant to Section 1.09(a) in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock, and cash in an amount estimated to be sufficient for payment in lieu of
fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.09(f) and any dividends or other
distributions to which holders of shares of Company Common Stock may be entitled
pursuant to Section 1.10(d).

     (c) Exchange Procedures.
As soon as practicable after the Effective Time,
Parent shall instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record (as of
the Effective Time) of a certificate or certificates, which immediately prior to
the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the
"Certificates") (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange
Agent and shall contain such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify)
and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to
Section 1.09(a), cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section
1.09(f) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 1.10(d).

Upon surrender of Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, or to
such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such
letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with
the instructions thereto, the holders of such Certificates shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor certificates representing the number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock into which their shares of Company Common Stock
were converted pursuant to Section 1.09(a), payment in lieu of fractional shares
which such holders have the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.09(f) and any
dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.10(d), and the
Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.
Until so surrendered,
outstanding Certificates will be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to
evidence only the ownership of the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
into which such shares of Company Common Stock shall have been so converted
pursuant to Section 1.09(a) (including any voting, notice or other rights
associated with the ownership of such shares of Parent Common Stock under the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent or under Delaware

                                       A-6

Law) and the right to receive an amount in cash in lieu of the issuance of any
fractional shares in accordance with Section 1.09(f) and any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.10(d).

     (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with respect to
Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time will be paid to
the holders of any unsurrendered Certificates with respect to the shares of
Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holders of record of such
Certificates shall surrender such Certificates.
Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of any such Certificates, the Exchange Agent shall deliver
to the record holders thereof, without interest, certificates representing whole
shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor along with payment in
lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.09(f) hereof and the amount of
any such dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective
Time payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock.

     
(e) Transfers of Ownership.
If certificates representing shares of Parent
Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in which the
Certificates surrendered in exchange therefor are registered, it will be a
condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificates so surrendered will be
properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the persons
requesting such exchange will have (i) paid to Parent or any agent designated by
it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock in any name other than
that of the registered holder of the Certificates surrendered, or (ii)
established to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent designated by it that
such tax has been paid or is not payable.

     
(f) Required Withholding.
Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any
holder or former holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as may be required
to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or state, local or foreign
law.
To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts shall
be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the
person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid.

     
(g) No Liability.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
1.10, neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor any
party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common Stock or
Company Common Stock for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

     
(h) Termination of Exchange Fund.
Any portion of the Exchange Fund which
remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock for six months
after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any
holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with the
provisions of this Section 1.10 shall thereafter look only to Parent for the
shares of Parent Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.09(f) and any
dividends or other distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock to which
they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.10(d), in each case, without any
interest thereon.

     
SECTION 1.11  
No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.
All
shares of Parent Common Stock issued in accordance with the terms hereof
(including any cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 1.09(f) and
1.10(d)) shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to such shares of Company Common Stock.
There shall be no further
registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares
of Company Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time.
If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the
Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as
provided in this Article I.

     SECTION 1.12  Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall
issue and pay in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, certificates

                                       A-7

representing the shares of Parent Common Stock into which the shares of Company
Common Stock represented by such Certificates were converted pursuant to Section
1.09(a), cash for fractional shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to
Section 1.09(f) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section
1.10(d); provided, however, that Parent or the Exchange Agent, may, in its or
their discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance of such
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock and the payment of cash
and other distributions, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

     
SECTION 1.13  Tax and Accounting Consequences.

     (a) Tax.
It is intended by the parties hereto that the Transaction shall
constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

The parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization" within the
meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States Treasury
Regulations.

     (b) Accounting.
It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall
qualify as a purchase for accounting purposes.

     
SECTION 1.14  Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.
If, at any time
after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry
out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with
full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of
Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be fully authorized (in the name of
Merger Sub, Company, the Surviving Corporation and otherwise) to take all such
necessary action.

     
SECTION 1.15  Dissenting Shares.
Notwithstanding Section 1.09, if the
Merger is effectuated pursuant to Section 253 of Delaware Law, Shares
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who has
demanded appraisal for such Shares in accordance with Delaware Law shall not be
converted into a right to receive the Merger Consideration, unless such holder
fails to perfect or withdraws or otherwise loses his or her right to appraisal.

If after the Effective Time such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses
his or her right to appraisal, such Shares shall be treated as if they had been
converted as of the Effective Time into a right to receive the Merger
Consideration.
Company shall give Parent prompt notice of any demands received
by Company for appraisal of Shares, and Parent shall have the right to
participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands.

Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, make any
payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands.
Any
amounts paid to a holder pursuant to a right of appraisal will be paid by
Company out of its own funds and will not be reimbursed by Parent or any
affiliate of Parent.

                                   
ARTICLE II

                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

     Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub, subject to
such exceptions as are disclosed in writing in the disclosure letter supplied by
Company to Parent dated as of the date hereof and certified by a duly authorized
officer of Company (the "Company Schedule"), which disclosure shall provide an
exception to or otherwise qualify the representations and warranties of Company
contained in the section of this Agreement corresponding by number to such
disclosure and the other representations and warranties herein to the extent
such disclosure shall reasonably appear to be applicable to such other
representations or warranties, as follows:

     SECTION 2.01  Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.
(a) Each of
Company and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and
has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

Each of

                                       A-8

Company and its subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants,
authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals
and orders ("Approvals") necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it
purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted, except where the failure to have such Approvals would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company.
Company and each of its subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good
standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned,
leased or operated by it or the nature of its activities makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing that would not, either individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Company.

     (b) Section 2.01(b) of the Company Schedule sets forth (i) each subsidiary
of Company, (ii) the ownership interest therein of Company and (iii) if not
wholly-owned by Company, the identity and ownership interest of each other owner
of an equity interest in such subsidiary.
Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has agreed to make nor is obligated to make nor is bound by any
written or oral agreement, contract, understanding, negotiable instrument, note,
bond, indenture, lease, license, commitment or undertaking of any nature, in
effect as of the date hereof or as may hereafter be in effect (a "Contract"),
under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital
contribution to any other entity.
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries
directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in or any interest
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in,
any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business, association or
entity other than the entities identified in Section 2.01(b) of the Company
Schedule.

     
SECTION 2.02  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.
Company has
previously furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy of its Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws as amended and in effect as of the date of this
Agreement (together, the "Company Charter Documents") and the equivalent
organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries.
Such Company Charter
Documents and equivalent organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries
are in full force and effect.
Company is not in violation of any of the
provisions of the Company Charter Documents, and no subsidiary of Company is in
violation of its equivalent organizational documents except where the violation
of any such equivalent organizational documents of a subsidiary of Company would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company.

     
SECTION 2.03  Capitalization.
(a) The authorized capital stock of Company
consists of 200,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per
share, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share
("Company Preferred Stock").
As of the close of business on February 15, 2001,
(i) 36,856,537 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, all
of which were validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and were not issued
in violation of any preemptive rights, right of first refusal, or any similar
rights; (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding;
(iii) 147,562 shares of Company Common Stock were held in treasury by Company or
any of its subsidiaries; (iv) zero shares of Company Common Stock were held by
subsidiaries of Company; (v) 424,206 shares of Company Common Stock were
reserved for future issuance pursuant to the ESPP; (vi) 3,560,899 shares of
Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding
options to purchase Company Common Stock under Company's 1995 Stock Option Plan;
(vii) 208,332 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the
exercise of outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock under Company's
1997 Director Option Plan; (viii) 4,245,752 shares of Company Common Stock were
reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase
Company Common Stock under Company's 1998 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan; (ix)
34,808 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise
of outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock under the Century
Analysis, Inc. 1996 Equity Incentive Plan; (x) 13,240 shares of Company Common
Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options to
purchase Company Common Stock under the Convoy Corporation 1997 Stock Option
Plan; and (xi) 2,801 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock under the
Microscript, Inc. 1997 Stock

                                       A-9

Option Plan.
Between the close of business on February 15, 2001 and the date
hereof, no shares of Company Common Stock have been issued other than upon
exercise of vested Company Stock Options (as defined in Section 5.11) listed on
Section 2.03(b) of the Company Schedule.

     (b) Section 2.03(b) of the Company Schedule sets forth the following
information with respect to each outstanding Company Stock Option as of the date
hereof: (i) the name of the optionee; (ii) the particular plan pursuant to which
such Company Stock Option was granted; (iii) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option; (iv) the exercise price of
such Company Stock Option; (v) the date on which such Company Stock Option was
granted; (vi) the applicable vesting schedule; (vii) the extent to which each
such option is vested and unvested as of such date; (viii) the date on which
such Company Stock Option expires; and (ix) whether the exercisability of such
option will be accelerated in any way by the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and indicates the extent of acceleration.

     (c) Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of
all stock option plans pursuant to which Company has granted such Company Stock
Options that are outstanding as of the date hereof and the form of all stock
option agreements evidencing such Company Stock Options.
All shares of Company
Common Stock subject to the issuance aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and
conditions specified in the instrument pursuant to which they are issuable,
would be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

     
(d)
Except as set forth in Section 2.03(d) of the Company Schedule, there
are no commitments or agreements of any character to which Company is bound
obligating Company to accelerate the vesting of any Company Stock Option as a
result of the Offer or the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or as a result of the termination of employment of any holder of any
such option.
All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, all outstanding
Company Stock Options, and all outstanding shares of capital stock of each
subsidiary of Company have been issued and granted in compliance in all material
respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable Legal
Requirements (as defined below) in effect as of the time of grant and issuance
and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts by which Company is
bound and which were in effect as of the time of grant and issuance.
"Legal
Requirements" means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law,
statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code,
edict, judgment, order, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued,
enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or
under the authority of any court, administrative agency, commission,
governmental or regulatory authority, domestic, foreign or supranational (a
"Governmental Entity").

     
(e) Except as set forth in Section 2.01(b) of the Company Schedule, there
are no equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests
of any class of equity security of any subsidiary of Company, or any security
exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests, issued, reserved for
issuance or outstanding, except for securities Company owns free and clear of
all liens, pledges, hypothecations, charges, mortgages, security interests,
encumbrances, claims, options, rights of first refusal, preemptive rights,
community property interests or similar restriction (including any restriction
on the voting of any security, any restriction on the transfer of any security
or other asset, any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any
other attribute of ownership of any asset) ("Encumbrances") directly or
indirectly through one or more subsidiaries.

     
(f) Except as set forth in Section 2.03(a) hereof or in Section 2.03(f) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants,
equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls,
rights (including preemptive, purchase or conversion rights), commitments or
agreements of any character to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which it is bound obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to
issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition
of, any shares of capital stock, partnership interests or similar ownership
interests of Company or any of its

                                       A-10

subsidiaries or obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend,
accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant,
equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement.

     
(g) Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Section
2.03(g) of the Company Schedule, there are no registration rights and there is,
except for the Company Stockholder Agreements, no voting trust, proxy, rights
plan, antitakeover plan or other agreement currently in effect to which Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which they are bound with respect to
any equity security of any class of Company or with respect to any equity
security, partnership interest or similar ownership interest of any class of any
of its subsidiaries.

     
SECTION 2.04  Authority Relative to this Agreement.
Company has all
necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations hereunder and, subject to obtaining the approval
and adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of Company in accordance with
Delaware Law and the Company Charter Documents, to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company and
the consummation by Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
Company and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Company are necessary
to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby (other than, with respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption of
this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock in accordance with Delaware Law and the Company Charter Documents).

This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Company and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub,
constitutes the legal and binding obligation of Company, enforceable against
Company in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws of general application
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights and the exercise by courts of
equitable powers.

     
SECTION 2.05  No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.
(a) The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Company do not, and the performance of this
Agreement by Company will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter
Documents or the equivalent organizational documents of any of Company's
subsidiaries, (ii) subject to obtaining the vote of Company's stockholders in
favor of the approval and adoption of this Agreement and to compliance with the
requirements set forth in Section 2.05(b) below, conflict with or violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Company or any of
its subsidiaries or by which its or any of their respective properties is bound
or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
or impair Company's or any of its subsidiaries' rights or alter the rights or
obligations of any third party against or to Company under, or give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result
in the creation of an Encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Company
or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any material mortgage, Contract, permit,
franchise or other obligation to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which Company or any of its subsidiaries or its or any of their
respective properties are bound or affected (a "Company Obligation"), except to
the extent such conflict, violation, breach, default, impairment or other effect
could not, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

     (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company do not, and the
performance of this Agreement by Company shall not, require Company to obtain or
make, at or prior to the Effective Time, any consent, approval, authorization or
permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity or third
party, except (i) pursuant to applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), the Exchange Act, state
securities laws ("Blue Sky Laws"), the pre-merger notification requirements of
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR
Act") and of foreign Governmental Entities and the rules and regulations
thereunder, the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, and the filing and recordation
of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law and (ii) where the
failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to
make such filings or notifications, (A) could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company
or, after the Effective Time,

                                       A-11

Parent, or (B) would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Offer
or the Merger or otherwise prevent the parties hereto from performing their
obligations under this Agreement.

     
SECTION 2.06  Legal Compliance; Permits.
(a) Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any Legal
Requirement or Company Obligation, except for any conflicts, defaults or
violations that (individually or in the aggregate) would not cause Company to
lose any material benefit or incur any material liability.
No charge, complaint,
claim, demand, notice, inquiry, investigation, action, suit, proceeding, hearing
or review by any Governmental Entity is pending or, to the knowledge of Company,
being threatened against Company or its subsidiaries, nor, to Company's
knowledge, has any Governmental Entity indicated to Company an intention to
conduct the same, other than, in each such case, those the outcome of which
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have the
effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of Company
or any of its subsidiaries, any acquisition of material property by Company or
any of its subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

     (b) Company and its subsidiaries hold all franchises, grants,
authorizations, permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, easements, consents,
certifications, orders and approvals from Governmental Entities which are
material to the operation of the business of Company and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole (collectively, the "Company Permits").
Company and its subsidiaries
are in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Company
Permits.

     
SECTION 2.07  SEC Filings; Financial Statements.
(a) Company has made
available to Parent (through reference to documents filed with the SEC by EDGAR
or otherwise) a correct and complete copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and definitive proxy statement filed by Company with the SEC since
December 31, 1997 (the "Company SEC Reports"), which are all the forms, reports
and documents (other than preliminary material) required to be filed by Company
with the SEC since December 31, 1997.
The Company SEC Reports (A) were prepared
in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
as the case may be, and (B) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended
or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date
of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.
Company does not have any subsidiaries that are required to file
any reports or other documents with the SEC.

     (b) Each set of consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports, and the audited
financial statements (including any related notes thereto) as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2000 attached to Section 2.07 of the Company Schedule
was prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout
the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and except
that unaudited statements do not contain footnotes in substance or form required
by GAAP, as is permitted by Form 10-Q of the Exchange Act) and each fairly
presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Company and its subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the results of
its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated, except that the
unaudited interim financial statements were or are subject to normal adjustments
which were not or are not expected to be material in amount.

     (c) Company has previously furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy
of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC
but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other
instruments which previously had been filed by Company with the SEC pursuant to
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

     
SECTION 2.08  No Undisclosed Liabilities Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of
a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes to
the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP which are,
individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, results of
operations, assets or financial condition of Company and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole, except (i) liabilities disclosed or provided for in Company's
audited financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for the year
ended

                                       A-12

December 31, 2000, (ii) liabilities incurred since December 31, 2000 and on or
prior to the date hereof in the ordinary course of business which have not
resulted, in the aggregate, in any material increase in Company's liabilities
from those disclosed or provided for in Company's audited balance sheet as of
December 31, 2000, or (iii) liabilities incurred after the date hereof in the
ordinary course of business as permitted by this Agreement.

     
SECTION 2.09  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as set forth on
Section 2.09 of the Company Schedule, since December 31, 2000, there has not
been any: (i) Material Adverse Effect on Company, (ii) declaration, setting
aside or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash,
stock or property) in respect of, any of Company's or any of its subsidiaries'
capital stock, or any purchase, redemption or other acquisition by Company of
any of Company's capital stock or any other securities of Company or its
subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such
shares or other securities except for repurchases from employees following their
termination pursuant to the terms of their pre-existing stock option or purchase
agreements, (iii) split, combination or reclassification of any of Company's or
any of its subsidiaries' capital stock, (iv) granting by Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any material increase in compensation or fringe benefits, except
for increases of cash compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, or any payment by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
bonus, except for bonuses made in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, or any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
increase in severance or termination pay or any entry by Company or any of its
subsidiaries into any currently effective employment, severance, termination or
indemnification agreement or any agreement the benefits of which would be
contingent or the terms of which would be materially altered upon the occurrence
of a transaction involving Company of the nature contemplated hereby, (v) entry
by Company or any of its subsidiaries into any licensing or other agreement with
regard to the material acquisition or disposition of any Intellectual Property
(as defined in Section 2.15) other than licenses disclosed in Section 2.15(i) of
the Company Schedule, (vi) amendment or consent with respect to any licensing
agreement filed or required to be filed by Company with the SEC, (vii) material
change by Company in its accounting methods, principles or practices, except as
required by concurrent changes in GAAP, (viii) material revaluation by Company
of any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down the value of
capitalized inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable, or (ix) sale
of assets of Company other than in the ordinary course of business.

     
SECTION 2.10  Absence of Litigation.
Except as set forth in Section 2.10 of
the Company Schedule, there are no material claims, actions, suits or
proceedings (or, to the knowledge of Company, any basis therefor) pending or, to
the knowledge of Company, threatened (or, to the knowledge of Company, any
governmental or regulatory investigation pending or threatened) against Company
or any of its subsidiaries, or any properties or rights of Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or any officer or director of Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or any other person for which Company or any of its subsidiaries may be liable,
before any court, arbitrator or administrative, governmental or regulatory
authority or body, domestic or foreign.
No director or officer of Company has
asserted a claim to seek indemnification from Company under the Company Charter
Documents or any indemnification agreement between Company and such party.

Company has provided to Parent true, correct and complete copies of all
complaints, pleadings, motions and written correspondence regarding settlement
proposals of any shareholder litigation referred to in Section 2.10 of the
Company Schedule.

     
SECTION 2.11  Employee Matters and Benefit Plans.

     
(a) Definitions.
With the exception of the definition of "Affiliate" set
forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) below (which definition shall apply only to this
Section 2.11), for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below:

          (i) "Affiliate" shall mean any other person or entity under common
     control with Company within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o)
     of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder;

                                       A-13

          (ii) "Company Employee Plan" shall mean any plan, program, policy,
     practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
     compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred compensation,
     performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other
     employee benefits or remuneration of any kind, whether written or unwritten
     or otherwise, funded or unfunded, including without limitation, each
     "employee benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which
     is or has been maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed
     to, by Company or any Affiliate for the benefit of any Employee or with
     respect to which Company or any Affiliate has or may have any liability or
     obligation;

          (iii) "COBRA" shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
     Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended;

          (iv) "DOL" shall mean the Department of Labor;

          (v) "Employee" shall mean any current or former employee, consultant
     or director of Company or a subsidiary of Company;

          (vi) "Employee Agreement" shall mean each management, employment,
     severance, consulting, relocation, repatriation, expatriation or other
     agreement, contract or understanding in effect between Company or any
     Affiliate and any Employee;

          (vii)
"ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
     of 1974, as amended;

          (viii) "FMLA" shall mean the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as
     amended;

          (ix) "International Employee Plan" shall mean each Company Employee
     Plan that has been adopted or maintained by Company or any Affiliate,
     whether informally or formally, or with respect to which Company or any
     Affiliate will or may have any liability, for the benefit of Employees who
     perform services outside the United States;

          (x) "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service;

          (xi) "Multiemployer Plan" shall mean any "Pension Plan" (as defined
     below) which is a "multiemployer plan," as defined in Section 3(37) of
     ERISA;

          (xii) "PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; and

          (xiii)
"Pension Plan" shall mean each Company Employee Plan which is
     an "employee pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
     ERISA.

     (b) Schedule.
Section 2.11(b) of the Company Schedule contains an accurate
and complete list of each Company Employee Plan, International Employee Plan,
and each Employee Agreement.
Company does not have any plan or commitment to
establish any new Company Employee Plan, International Employee Plan, or
Employee Agreement, to modify any Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement
(except to the extent required by law or to conform any such Company Employee
Plan or Employee Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law, in each
case as previously disclosed to Parent in writing, or as required by this
Agreement), or to adopt or enter into any Company Employee Plan, International
Employee Plan, or Employee Agreement.

     (c) Documents.
Company has provided to Parent: (i) correct and complete
copies of all documents embodying each Company Employee Plan, International
Employee Plan, and each Employee Agreement including (without limitation) all
amendments thereto and all related trust documents; (ii) the most recent annual
actuarial valuations, if any, prepared for each Company Employee Plan; (iii) the
three (3) most recent annual reports (Form Series 5500 and all schedules and
financial statements attached thereto), if any, required under ERISA or the Code
in connection with each Company Employee Plan; (iv) if the Company Employee Plan
is funded, the most recent annual and periodic accounting of Company Employee
Plan assets; (v) the most recent summary plan description together with the
summary(ies) of material modifications thereto, if any, required under ERISA
with respect to each Company Employee Plan; (vi) all IRS determination or
opinion letters, any notification or advisory letters,

                                       A-14

and all correspondence to or from the IRS or the DOL with respect to any pending
application or letter; (vii) all material written agreements and contracts
relating to each Company Employee Plan, including, but not limited to,
administrative service agreements, group annuity contracts and group insurance
contracts; (viii) all communications material to any Employee or Employees
relating to any Company Employee Plan and any proposed Company Employee Plans,
in each case, relating to any amendments, terminations, establishments,
increases or decreases in benefits, acceleration of payments or vesting
schedules or other events which would result in any material liability to
Company; (ix) all correspondence to or from any governmental agency relating to
any Company Employee Plan (other than correspondence of the types described in
(vi) above); (x) all COBRA forms and related notices (or such forms and notices
as required under comparable law); (xi) all insurance policies pertaining to
fiduciary liability insurance covering the fiduciaries for each Company Employee
Plan; (xii) the most recent plan year discrimination tests for each Company
Employee Plan; and (xiii) all registration statements, annual reports (Form 11-K
and all attachments thereto) and prospectuses prepared in connection with each
Company Employee Plan.

     (d) Employee Plan Compliance.
(i) Company has performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under, is not in default
or violation of, and has no knowledge of any default or violation by any other
party to each Company Employee Plan, and each Company Employee Plan has been
established and maintained in all material respects in accordance with its terms
and in compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and
regulations, including but not limited to ERISA or the Code; (ii) each Company
Employee Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each
trust intended to qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code has either received a
favorable determination, opinion, notification or advisory letter from the IRS
with respect to each such Plan as to its qualified status under the Code,
including all amendments to the Code effected by the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and
subsequent legislation, was adopted using a prototype plan for which such a
letter has been issued or has remaining a period of time under applicable
Treasury regulations or IRS pronouncements in which to apply for such a letter
and make any amendments necessary to obtain a favorable determination as to the
qualified status of each such Company Employee Plan; (iii) no "prohibited
transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Sections 406 and
407 of ERISA, and not otherwise exempt under Section 4975 or Section 408 of
ERISA (or any administrative class exemption issued thereunder), has occurred
with respect to any Company Employee Plan the effect of which would be material
to Company; (iv) there are no actions, suits or claims pending, or, to the
knowledge of Company, threatened or reasonably anticipated (other than routine
claims for benefits) against any Company Employee Plan or against the assets of
any Company Employee Plan; (v) each Company Employee Plan (other than any stock
option plan) can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued after the
Effective Time, without material liability to Parent, Company or any of its
Affiliates (other than ordinary administration expenses); (vi) there are no
audits, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Company or any
Affiliates, threatened by the IRS or DOL with respect to any Company Employee
Plan; and (vii) neither Company nor any Affiliate is subject to any penalty or
tax with respect to any Company Employee Plan under Section 502(i) of ERISA or
Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code.
Company has no ERISA Affiliates.

     
(e) Pension Plan.
Neither Company nor any Affiliate has ever maintained,
established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to, any Pension Plan
which is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.

     
(f) Multiemployer and Multiple Employer Plans.
At no time has Company or
any Affiliate contributed to or been obligated to contribute to any
Multiemployer Plan.
Neither Company, nor any Affiliate has at any time ever
maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to any
multiple employer plan, as described in Section 413(c) of the Code.

     
(g) No Post-Employment Obligations.
No Company Employee Plan provides, or
reflects or represents any liability to provide retiree health to any person for
any reason, except as may be required by COBRA or other applicable statute, and
Company has never represented, promised or contracted (whether in oral or
written form) to any Employee (either individually or to Employees as a group)
or any other

                                       A-15

person that such Employee(s) or other person would be provided with retiree
health, except to the extent required by statute.

     
(h) Health Care Compliance.
Neither Company nor any Affiliate has, prior to
the Effective Time and in any material respect, violated any of the health care
continuation requirements of COBRA, the requirements of FMLA, the requirements
of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the
requirements of the Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act, the requirements of
the Newborns' and Mothers' Health Protection Act of 1996, or any amendment to
each such Act, or any similar provisions of state law applicable to its
Employees.

     (i) Effect of Transaction.

          
(i)
Except as set forth on Section 2.11(i) of the Company Schedule,
     the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated hereby will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any
     additional or subsequent events) constitute an event under any Company
     Employee Plan, Employee Agreement, trust or loan that will or may result in
     any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration,
     forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or
     obligation to fund benefits with respect to any Employee.

          (ii)
Except as set forth on Section 2.11(i) of the Company Schedule,
     no payment or benefit which will or may be made by Company or its
     Affiliates with respect to any Employee will be characterized as a
     "parachute payment," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code.

     (j) Employment Matters.
Company: (i) is in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and
regulations respecting employment eligibility, employment, employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, in each case, with
respect to Employees; (ii) has withheld and reported all amounts required by law
or by agreement to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries and
other payments to Employees; (iii) is not liable for any arrears of wages or any
taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing; and (iv)
is not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund governed by or
maintained by or on behalf of any governmental authority, with respect to
unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or
obligations for Employees (other than routine payments to be made in the normal
course of business and consistent with past practice).
There are no pending,
threatened or reasonably anticipated claims or actions (except for routine
claims for benefits) against Company under any worker's compensation policy or
long-term disability policy.

     
(k) Labor.
No work stoppage or labor strike against Company is pending,
threatened or reasonably anticipated.
Company does not know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any Employees.
There are no actions,
suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, or, to the knowledge of
Company, threatened or reasonably anticipated relating to any labor, safety or
discrimination matters involving any Employee, including, without limitation,
charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, which, if
adversely determined, would, individually or in the aggregate, result in any
liability to Company.
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has engaged in
any unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act.
Company is not presently, nor has it been in the past, a party to, or bound
by, any collective bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to
Employees and no collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated by Company.

     
(l) International Employee Plan.
Section 2.11(l) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists the International Employee Plans of Company and its subsidiaries.

Each International Employee Plan has been established, maintained and
administered in compliance with its terms and conditions and with the
requirements prescribed by any and all statutory or regulatory laws that are
applicable to such International Employee Plan.
Furthermore, no International
Employee Plan has unfunded liabilities, that as of the Effective Time, will not
be offset by insurance or fully accrued.
Except as required by law, no condition
exists that would prevent Company or Parent from terminating or amending any
International Employee Plan at any time for any reason without liability to
Company or its Affiliates (other than ordinary administration expenses or
routing claims for benefits).

                                       
A-16

     (m) 401(k) Shares.
No employer securities contained in any of Company's
tax-qualified plans that contain Code Section 401(k) cash or deferral
arrangements are attributable to salary deferrals by participants.

     
SECTION 2.12  Restrictions on Business Activities.
There is no agreement,
commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Company or its
subsidiaries or to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party which has
or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing
any current business practice of Company or any of its subsidiaries, any
acquisition of property by Company or any of its subsidiaries or the conduct of
business by Company or any of its subsidiaries as currently conducted.

     
SECTION 2.13  Title to Property.
Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries owns, nor has Company or any of its subsidiaries previously owned,
any real property.
Company and each of its subsidiaries have good and marketable
title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of their material properties and
assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances except liens for taxes or other
governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable and such liens or other
imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially detract from the value of
or interfere with the present use of the property affected thereby.
All leases
or subleases pursuant to which Company or any of its subsidiaries lease from
others (i) real property or (ii) personal property which require annual payments
in excess of $100,000 with respect to each personal property lease or sublease
or related leases and subleases, are set forth in Section 2.13 of the Company
Schedule (the "Company Leases").
Company has delivered to Parent full and
complete copies of all Company Leases as amended to date.
Each of the Company
Leases is in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms,
except where the failure to so be in full force and effect would not reasonably
be expected to materially interfere with the ability of Company to use the
property subject to such lease for the purpose for which it is intended, and
there is not, under any of such leases, any existing default or event of default
(or any event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a
default or event of default) of Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to
Company's knowledge, any other party, except for such defaults or events of
default that would not reasonably be expected to materially interfere with the
ability of Company to use the property subject to such lease for the purpose for
which it is intended.
All the plants, structures and equipment of Company and
its subsidiaries, except such as may be under construction, are in good
operating condition and repair, in all material respects.
There are no existing
Contracts with any person to acquire any assets or property of Company (or any
interest therein) except for this Agreement.

     
SECTION 2.14  Taxes.

     (a) Definition of Taxes.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Tax" or
"Taxes" refers (i) to any and all federal, state, local and foreign taxes,
assessments and other governmental charges, duties, impositions and liabilities
relating to taxes, including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts,
income, profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem,
transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise and
property taxes, together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with
respect to such amounts, (ii) any obligations under any agreements or
arrangements with any other person with respect to such amounts and including
any liability for Taxes of a predecessor entity, and (iii) any liability for
amounts described in clause (i) of this section as a result of being a member of
an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group.

     (b) Tax Returns and Audits.

          
(i) Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely filed all
     federal, state, local and foreign returns, estimates, forms, information
     statements and reports ("Returns") relating to Taxes required to be filed
     by Company and each of its subsidiaries with any Tax authority, except such
     Returns which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to
     Company.
Company and each of its subsidiaries have paid all Taxes required
     to be paid whether or not shown to be due on such Returns, except such
     Taxes which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to Company.

                                       A-17

          (ii) Company and each of its subsidiaries as of the Effective Time
     will have withheld with respect to its employees all federal and state
     income Taxes, Taxes pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contribution Act,
     Taxes pursuant to the Federal Unemployment Tax Act and other Taxes required
     to be withheld, except such Taxes which are not, individually or in the
     aggregate, material to Company.

          
(iii) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been delinquent
     in the payment of any material Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency
     outstanding, assessed, or to the knowledge of Company, proposed against
     Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Neither Company nor any of its
     subsidiaries has executed any unexpired waiver of any statute of
     limitations on or extension of any period for the assessment or collection
     of any Tax.

          
(iv) No audit or other examination of any Return of Company or any of
     its subsidiaries by any Tax authority is presently in progress, nor has
     Company or any of its subsidiaries been notified in writing of any request
     for such an audit or other examination.

          
(v) No adjustment relating to any Returns filed or required to be
     filed by Company or any of its subsidiaries has been proposed in writing by
     any Tax authority to Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
     representative thereof.

          
(vi) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for
     any material unpaid Taxes (whether or not shown to be due on any Return)
     which has not been accrued for or reserved on Company's balance sheet dated
     December 31, 2000 in accordance with GAAP, whether asserted or unasserted,
     contingent or otherwise, which is material to Company, other than any
     liability for unpaid Taxes that may have accrued since January 1, 2001 in
     connection with the operation of the business of Company and its
     subsidiaries in the ordinary course.
There are no liens with respect to
     Taxes on any of the assets of Company or any of its subsidiaries, other
     than liens which are not individually or in the aggregate material, or
     customary liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable.

          
(vii)
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which
     Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this
     Agreement, including but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement,
     that, individually or collectively, should give rise to the payment of any
     amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or
     162(m) of the Code (other than the temporary disallowance of a deduction
     under Section 404(a)(5) of the Code).
There is no contract, agreement, plan
     or arrangement to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
     which it is bound to compensate any individual for excise taxes paid
     pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.

          
(viii) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has filed any
     consent agreement under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have
     Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f)
     asset (as defined in Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Company or any
     of its subsidiaries.

          
(ix) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries (A) has ever been a
     number of a consolidated group other than a consolidated group of which
     Company is the parent corporation or (B) is party to or has any obligation
     under any tax-sharing, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or
     arrangement (other than such agreements existing as of the date hereof
     between current members of Company's affiliated group).

          
(x) To the knowledge of Company, none of Company's or its
     subsidiaries' assets are tax-exempt use property within the meaning of
     Section 168(h) of the Code.

          
(xi) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has constituted
     either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a
     distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355
     of the Code (x) in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement or (y)
     in a distribution which could otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or
     "series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of
     the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.

          
(xii) Company and each of its subsidiaries are in full compliance with
     all terms and conditions of any Tax exemptions, Tax holiday or other Tax
     reduction agreement or order of a territorial or

                                       A-18

     foreign government and the consummation of the Merger will not have any
     material adverse effect on the continued validity and effectiveness of any
     such Tax exemptions, Tax holiday or other Tax reduction agreement or order.

          
(xiii)
To the extent Company has a net operating loss, such net
     operating loss is not subject to any limitation under Sections 382 or 384
     of the Code.

          
(xiv) Company has not with respect to any open taxable period applied
     for and been granted permission to adopt a change in its method of
     accounting requiring adjustments under Section 481 of the Code or
     comparable state or foreign law.

          
(xv) Company is not a partner in any entity classified as a
     partnership for federal income tax purposes.

     
SECTION 2.15  Intellectual Property.
For the purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms have the following definitions:

          "Intellectual Property" shall mean any or all of the following and all
     worldwide common law and statutory rights in, arising out of, or associated
     therewith: (i) United States, international and foreign patents and
     applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions,
     provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof ("Patents");
     (ii) inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures,
     improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know how, technology,
     technical data and customer lists, and all documentation relating to any of
     the foregoing; (iii) copyrights, copyright registrations and applications
     therefor, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world;
     (iv) all mask works, mask work registrations and applications therefor, and
     any equivalent or similar rights in semiconductor masks, layouts,
     architectures or topology; (v) all computer software, including all source
     code, object code, firmware, development tools, files, records and data,
     and all media on which any of the foregoing is recorded; (vi) domain names,
     uniform resource locators ("URLs") and other names and locators associated
     with the Internet ("Domain Names"); (vii) industrial designs and any
     registrations and applications therefor; (viii) trade names, logos, common
     law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations
     and applications therefor; (ix) all databases and data collections and all
     rights therein; (x) all moral and economic rights of authors and inventors,
     however denominated; and (xi) any similar or equivalent rights to any of
     the foregoing (as applicable).

          
"Company Intellectual Property" shall mean any Intellectual Property
     that is owned by, or exclusively licensed to, Company and its subsidiaries.

          
"Registered Intellectual Property" means all Intellectual Property
     that is the subject of an application, certificate, registration or other
     similar filing issued, filed with, or recorded by any, state, government or
     other legal authority (including any quasi-government authority with
     jurisdiction over registration and maintenance of domain names) relating to
     the prosecution, registration, perfection or maintenance of such
     Intellectual Property.

          
"Company Registered Intellectual Property" means all of the Registered
     Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in the name of, Company or any of
     its subsidiaries.

          (a) Section 2.15(a) of the Company Schedule is a complete and accurate
     list of all Company Registered Intellectual Property which specifies the
     jurisdictions in which each such item of Company Registered Intellectual
     Property has been issued or registered and lists any proceedings or actions
     before any court or tribunal (including the United States Patent and
     Trademark Office (the "PTO") or equivalent authority anywhere in the world)
     related to any of the Company Registered Intellectual Property.

          (b) Section 2.15(b) of the Company Schedule is a complete and accurate
     list (by name and version number) of all material products or service
     offerings of Company or any of its subsidiaries ("Company Products") that
     have been sold, distributed or otherwise provided commercially (whether for
     end-use or evaluation or demonstration purposes) in the five (5) year
     period preceding the date

                                       A-19

     hereof or which Company or any of its subsidiaries currently intends to
     sell, distribute or otherwise provide in the future including any products
     or service offerings under development.

          
(c) No Company Intellectual Property or Company Product is subject to
     any material proceeding or outstanding decree, order, judgment, contract,
     license, settlement agreement, or stipulation restricting in any manner by
     its terms the use, transfer, or licensing thereof by Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, or which may affect the validity, use or enforceability of
     such Company Intellectual Property or Company Product.

          
(d)
Each material item of Company Registered Intellectual Property is
     valid and subsisting.
All necessary registration, maintenance and renewal
     fees currently due in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual
     Property have been made.
All necessary documents, recordations and
     certificates in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual
     Property have been filed with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark or
     other authorities in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, as the
     case may be, for the purposes of prosecuting, perfecting or maintaining
     such Company Registered Intellectual Property.

          
(e) Section 2.15(e) of the Company Schedule is a complete and accurate
     list of all material actions that are required to be taken by Company
     within ninety (90) days of the date hereof with respect to the prosecution,
     perfection or maintenance of any Company Registered Intellectual Property.

          
(f)
To the knowledge of Company or its subsidiaries, Company owns and
     has good and exclusive title to each item of Company Intellectual Property
     owned by it, free and clear of any Encumbrance (excluding non-exclusive
     licenses and related restrictions granted in the ordinary course).
Without
     limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) Company is the exclusive
     owner of or has a license to use all trademarks and trade names used in
     connection with the operation or conduct of the business of Company and its
     subsidiaries, including the sale, distribution or provision of any Company
     Products by Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) Company owns
     exclusively or has a license to use, and has good title to, all copyrighted
     works that are included or incorporated into Company Products or which
     Company or any of its subsidiaries otherwise purports to own, and (iii) to
     the extent that, to the knowledge of the Company or its subsidiaries any
     patents would be infringed by any Company Products, Company is the
     exclusive owner of such patents.

          
(g) Except as set forth in Section 2.15(g) of the Company Schedule, to
     the extent that any material technology, software or Intellectual Property
     has been developed or created independently or jointly by a third party for
     Company or any of its subsidiaries, or is incorporated into any of Company
     Products, Company and its subsidiaries have a written agreement with such
     third party with respect thereto and Company and its subsidiaries thereby
     either (i) have obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive owner of, or
     (ii) have obtained perpetual, non-terminable licenses (sufficient for the
     conduct of their business as currently conducted and as proposed to be
     conducted) to all such third party's Intellectual Property in such work,
     material or invention by operation of law or by valid assignment, to the
     fullest extent it is legally possible to do so.

          (h) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has transferred
     ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect to, any Company
     Intellectual Property, to any third party, or knowingly permitted Company's
     rights in any material item of Company Intellectual Property to lapse or
     enter the public domain.

          
(i) Section 2.15(i) of the Company Schedule lists all material
     contracts, licenses and agreements to which Company or any of its
     subsidiaries is a party: (x) with respect to Company Intellectual Property
     licensed or transferred to any third party (other than non-exclusive
     end-user licenses in the ordinary course); (y) pursuant to which a third
     party has licensed or transferred any material item of Intellectual
     Property to Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (z) by which Company has
     agreed to, or assumed, any obligation or duty to warrant, indemnify,
     reimburse, hold harmless, guarantee or otherwise assume or incur any
     obligation or liability to provide a right of

                                       A-20

     rescission with respect to the infringement or misappropriation by Company
     or such other person of Intellectual Property Rights of anyone other than
     Company (other than end-user licenses granted in the ordinary course of
     business.)

          
(j) All contracts, licenses and agreements listed in Section 2.15(i)
     of the Company Schedule are in full force and effect.
Except as set forth
     in Section 2.15(j) of the Company Schedule, the consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement will neither violate nor result
     in the breach, modification, cancellation, termination or suspension
     ("Termination") of such contracts, licenses and agreements by their terms.
     
Each of Company and its subsidiaries is in compliance in all material
     respects with any such contracts, licenses and agreements.
To the knowledge
     of Company, all other parties to such contracts, licenses and agreements
     are in compliance in all material respects with, and have not breached any
     term of, such contracts, licenses and agreements.
Following the Closing
     Date, the Surviving Corporation will be permitted to exercise all of
     Company's rights under such contracts, licenses and agreements by their
     terms to the same extent Company and its subsidiaries would have been able
     to had the transactions contemplated by this Agreement not occurred and
     without the payment of any additional amounts or consideration other than
     ongoing fees, royalties or payments which Company would otherwise be
     required to pay.
There is no provision in any of Company's contracts or
     agreements which, as a result of this Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, requires Parent or Merger Sub to (i) grant
     to any third party any right to or with respect to any material
     Intellectual Property owned by, or licensed to, either of them, (ii) be
     bound by, or subject to, any non-compete or other material restriction on
     the operation or scope of their respective businesses, or (iii) be
     obligated to pay any royalties or other material amounts to any third party
     in excess of those payable by Parent or Merger Sub, respectively, prior to
     the Closing.

          
(k)
To Company's knowledge, the operation of the business of Company
     and its subsidiaries as such business currently is conducted, including (i)
     Company's and its subsidiaries' design, development, manufacture,
     distribution, reproduction, marketing or sale of the Company Products and
     its subsidiaries and (ii) Company's and its subsidiaries use of any
     material product device or process has not does not and will not infringe
     or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party, and does
     not constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any
     jurisdiction.

          
(l) The Company Intellectual Property, together with any Intellectual
     Property licensed to Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to an
     agreement listed on Section 2.15(i)(y) of the Company Schedule, constitutes
     all the material Intellectual Property used in and/or necessary to the
     conduct of the business of Company and its subsidiaries as it currently is
     conducted, and as it is currently planned to be conducted by Company and
     its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the design, development,
     manufacture, use, import and sale of products, technology and performance
     of services (including Company Products).

          
(m)
Except as set forth on Section 2.15(m) of the Company Schedule,
     neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice
     from any third party that the operation of the business of Company or any
     of its subsidiaries or any act, product or service of Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any
     third party or constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the
     laws of any jurisdiction.

          (n) To the knowledge of Company, no person has infringed or
     misappropriated or is infringing or misappropriating any Company
     Intellectual Property.

          (o) Company and each of its subsidiaries has taken reasonable steps to
     protect Company's and its subsidiaries' rights in Company's confidential
     information and trade secrets that it wishes to protect or any trade
     secrets or confidential information of third parties provided to Company or
     any of its subsidiaries under an obligation of confidentiality.
Each of
     Company and its subsidiaries has a policy requiring each employee and
     contractor to execute a proprietary information/confidentiality agreement
     substantially in the form provided to Parent.
All current and former
     employees and contractors of Company and any of its subsidiaries have
     executed such an agreement.

                                       A-21

     SECTION 2.16  Reorganization.
Neither Company nor any of its affiliates has
taken, failed to take or agreed to take any action or knows of any fact,
circumstance, plan or intention that is or would be reasonably likely to prevent
the Transaction from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code.

     
SECTION 2.17  Brokers.
Other than fees owed to Company's financial
advisors, Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, as set forth in Section 2.17
of the Company Schedule, Company has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly
or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders fees or agent's
commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby.

     
SECTION 2.18  Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.
As of the date of this
Agreement, except as set forth in Section 2.18 of the Company Schedule, neither
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by:

          (a) any employment or consulting agreement, contract or commitment
     with any officer or employee of Company or any of its subsidiaries or
     member of Company's Board of Directors, other than those that are
     terminable by Company or any of its subsidiaries on no more than thirty
     (30) days' notice without material liability or financial obligation to
     Company;

          (b) any agreement or plan, including, without limitation, any stock
     option plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of
     the benefits of which will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of
     which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which
     will be calculated on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement;

          (c) any agreement of indemnification or any guaranty pursuant to which
     Company may have liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
     unasserted, contingent or otherwise) in excess of $100,000, other than any
     agreement of indemnification entered into in connection with the sale of
     products or license of technology in the ordinary course of business;

          (d) any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant
     limiting the right of Company or any of its subsidiaries to engage in any
     line of business or to compete with any person or granting any exclusive
     distribution rights;

          (e) any agreement, contract or commitment relating to the disposition
     or acquisition by Company or any of its subsidiaries after the date of this
     Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary course of
     business or pursuant to which Company or any of its subsidiaries has any
     material ownership interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture
     or other business enterprise other than Company's subsidiaries;

          (f) any dealer, distributor, joint marketing or development agreement
     under which Company or any of its subsidiaries have continuing obligations
     to jointly market any product, technology or service and which may not be
     canceled without material penalty upon notice of ninety (90) days or less,
     or any agreement pursuant to which Company or any of its subsidiaries have
     continuing obligations to jointly develop any intellectual property that
     will not be owned, in whole or in part, by Company or any of its
     subsidiaries and which may not be canceled without material penalty upon
     notice of ninety (90) days or less;

          (g) any agreement, contract or commitment to provide source code to
     any third party for any product or technology that is material to Company
     and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

          (h) any agreement, contract or commitment to license any third party
     to manufacture or reproduce any Company Product or any agreement, contract
     or commitment to sell or distribute any Company Products except agreements
     with distributors or sales representatives in the normal course of business
     cancelable without penalty upon notice of ninety (90) days or less and
     substantially in the form previously provided to Parent;

                                       A-22

          (i) any mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit agreements,
     security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the
     borrowing of money by Company or any of its subsidiaries or extension of
     credit (other than customer accounts receivable owing to Company or any of
     its subsidiaries created in the ordinary course of business and payable or
     dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms);

          (j) any material settlement agreement under which Company or any of
     its subsidiaries has ongoing obligations;

          (k) any agreement, contract or commitment under which Company is
     committed to provide products or services at a later date at a fixed price;

          (l) any other agreement, contract or commitment not otherwise
     disclosed in Section 2.18 of the Company Schedule that calls for the
     payment by Company or any of its subsidiaries of $100,000 or more in any
     calendar year;

          (m) any agreement not otherwise disclosed in Section 2.18 of the
     Company Schedule under which the consequences of a default could reasonably
     be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company and its
     subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

          (n) any other agreement, contract or commitment that is of the nature
     required to be filed by Company as an exhibit to an Annual Report on Form
     10-K under the Exchange Act.

     
Company has delivered or made available to Parent a correct and complete
copy of each Company Contract (as defined below) as amended through the date of
this Agreement.
Each Company Contract, with respect to Company and any relevant
subsidiary and, to Company's knowledge, all other parties thereto, is legal,
valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect in all respects, except
to the extent that any such invalidity would not reasonably be expected to be
material to Company.
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to
Company's knowledge any other party to a Company Contract, is in breach,
violation or default under a Company Contract.
Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has received written notice within the last twelve months that it
has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions of any
of the agreements, contracts or commitments to which Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound that are required to be
disclosed in the Company Schedule pursuant to this Section 2.18 (any such
agreement, contract or commitment, a ("Company Contract")) in such a manner as
would permit any other party to cancel or terminate any such Company Contract,
or would permit any other party to seek material damages or other remedies (for
any or all of such breaches, violations or defaults, in the aggregate).

     
SECTION 2.19  Insurance.
Company maintains insurance policies and fidelity
bonds covering the assets, business, equipment, properties, operations,
employees, officers and directors of Company and its subsidiaries (collectively,
the "Insurance Policies") which it believes are of the types maintained by
entities of similar size and engaged in similar business activities as Company
and its subsidiaries.
There is no material claim by Company or any of its
subsidiaries pending under any of the material Insurance Policies as to which
coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such
policies or bonds.
Company is not aware of, and has not received notice under
any Insurance Policies of, (i) an insurer's intention or threat to cancel or
terminate any of the Insurance Policies, (ii) an insurer's intention or threat
to materially increase the premiums due under any of the Insurance Policies.

     
SECTION 2.20  Opinion of Financial Advisor.
Company has been advised by its
financial advisor, Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, that in its opinion,
as of the date of this Agreement, the Exchange Ratio is fair to Company's
stockholders from a financial point of view, and Company shall provide to Parent
a copy of the written confirmation of such opinion as soon as available, but in
no event more than three (3) business days after the date hereof.

     
SECTION 2.21  Board Approval.
The Board of Directors of Company has, as of
the date of this Agreement, by the unanimous vote of all directors present and
voting at a meeting duly called or held (i) determined that this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the

                                       A-23

Merger, are consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business
strategy of Company and are advisable and are fair to and in the best interest
of Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and adopted this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger and the
Company Stockholder Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, and
(iii) resolved to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval and adoption of
this Agreement by Company's stockholders.

     
SECTION 2.22  Vote Required.
The affirmative vote of holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock which shares are entitled to
vote with respect to the Merger is the only vote of the holders of any class or
series of Company's capital stock necessary to approve and adopt this Agreement.

     
SECTION 2.23  Environmental Matters.

     (a) Hazardous Material.
Except as would not result in material liability to
Company or any of its subsidiaries, no underground storage tanks and no amount
of any substance that has been designated by any Governmental Entity or by
applicable federal, state or local law to be radioactive, toxic, hazardous or
otherwise a danger to health or the environment, including, without limitation,
PCBs, asbestos, petroleum, urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as
hazardous substances pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or defined as a hazardous
waste pursuant to the United States Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of
1976, as amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws, but
excluding office and janitorial supplies, (a "Hazardous Material") are present,
as a result of the actions of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
affiliate of Company, or, to Company's knowledge, as a result of any actions of
any third party or otherwise, in, on or under any property, including the land
and the improvements, ground water and surface water thereof, that Company or
any of its subsidiaries has at any time owned, operated, occupied or leased.

     (b) Hazardous Materials Activities.
Except as would not result in a
material liability to Company (in any individual case or in the aggregate) (i)
neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has transported, stored, used,
manufactured, disposed of, released or exposed its employees or others to
Hazardous Materials in violation of any law in effect on or before the Closing
Date, and (ii) neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has disposed of,
transported, sold, used, released, exposed its employees or others to or
manufactured any product containing a Hazardous Material (collectively
"Hazardous Materials Activities") in violation of any rule, regulation, treaty
or statute promulgated by any Governmental Entity in effect prior to or as of
the date hereof to prohibit, regulate or control Hazardous Materials or any
Hazardous Material Activity.

     (c) Permits.
Company and its subsidiaries currently hold all environmental
approvals, permits, licenses, clearances and consents (the "Company
Environmental Permits") necessary for the conduct of Company's and its
subsidiaries' Hazardous Material Activities and other businesses of Company and
its subsidiaries as such activities and businesses are currently being
conducted, except where the absence of such Company Environmental Permits would
not cause a Material Adverse Effect.

     
(d) Environmental Liabilities.
No action, proceeding, revocation
proceeding, amendment procedure, writ or injunction is pending, and to Company's
knowledge, no action, proceeding, revocation proceeding, amendment procedure,
writ or injunction has been threatened by any Governmental Entity against
Company or any of its subsidiaries in a writing delivered to Company or any of
its subsidiaries concerning any Company Environmental Permit, Hazardous Material
or any Hazardous Materials Activity of Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Company is not aware of any fact or circumstance which could involve Company or
any of its subsidiaries in any material environmental litigation or impose upon
Company any material environmental liability.

     
SECTION 2.24  Interested Party Transactions.
Except as set forth in Section
2.24 of the Company Schedule, no officer or director of Company (nor any
ancestor, sibling, descendant or spouse of any of such persons, or any trust,
partnership or corporation in which any of such persons has or has had an

                                       A-24

interest), has or has had, directly or indirectly, (i) an interest in any entity
which furnished or sold, or furnishes or sells, services, products or technology
that Company or any of its subsidiaries furnishes or sells, or proposes to
furnish or sell, or (ii) any interest in any entity that purchases from or sells
or furnishes to Company or any of its subsidiaries, any goods or services, or
(ii) a beneficial interest in any Contract to which Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party; provided, however, that ownership of no more than five
percent (5%) of the outstanding voting stock of a publicly traded corporation
shall not be deemed to be an "interest in any entity" for purposes of this
Section 2.24.

     SECTION 2.25  State Takeover Statutes.
The Board of Directors of Company
has approved the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the Company Stockholder
Agreements, and such approval is sufficient to render inapplicable to the Offer,
the Merger, this Agreement and the Company Stockholder Agreements and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company Stockholder
Agreements, the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware Law to the extent, if
any, such Section is applicable to the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the
Company Stockholder Agreements and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Company Stockholder Agreements.
No other state takeover
statute or similar statute or regulation applies to or purports to apply to the
Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the Company Stockholder Agreements or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company Stockholder
Agreements.

                                  
ARTICLE III

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

     Parent and Merger Sub hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to
Company, subject to such exceptions as are disclosed in writing in the
disclosure letter supplied by Parent to Company dated as of the date hereof and
certified by a duly authorized officer of Parent (the "Parent Schedule"), which
disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise qualify the
representations and warranties of Parent contained in the section of this
Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure and the other
representations and warranties herein to the extent such disclosure shall
reasonably appear to be applicable to such other representations or warranties,
as follows:

     
SECTION 3.01  Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.
(a) Each of
Parent and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and
has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is in possession of all Approvals necessary
to own, lease and operate the properties it purports to own, operate or lease
and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the
failure to have such Approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
Parent and
each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation
to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the
character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its
activities makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for such
failures to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing that would
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     (b)
Parent has no material subsidiaries except for the corporations
identified in the Parent SEC Reports (as hereinafter defined).
Neither Parent
nor any of its subsidiaries has agreed nor is obligated to make nor is bound by
any Contract under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment
in or capital contribution to any other entity.
Neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in or
any interest convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar
interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business,
association or entity other than the entities identified in the Parent SEC
Reports and Parent's limited partnership or limited liability company interests
in venture capital funds.
Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly owns, beneficially or of record, any shares of Company Common Stock
or other equity interest in Company other than pursuant to this Agreement.

                                       
A-25

     SECTION 3.02  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.
Parent has
previously furnished to Company complete and correct copies of its Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws as amended and in effect as of the date of this
Agreement (together, the "Parent Charter Documents") and the equivalent
organizational documents of Merger Sub.
Such Parent Charter Documents and
equivalent organizational documents of Merger Sub are in full force and effect.

Parent is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Parent Charter
Documents, and Merger Sub is not in violation of its equivalent organizational
documents except where the violation of the equivalent organizational documents
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     
SECTION 3.03  Capitalization.
The authorized capital stock of Parent
consists of 200,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 8,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share ("Parent Preferred Stock").
As of
the close of business on February 15, 2001, (i) 87,560,149 shares of Parent
Common Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) no shares of Parent Preferred
Stock were issued or outstanding; (iii) 2,986,243 shares of Parent Common Stock
were held in treasury by Parent or by subsidiaries of Parent, (iv) 3,136,164
shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for future issuance pursuant to
Parent's employee stock purchase plan, (v) 15,952,269 shares of Parent Common
Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options to
purchase Parent Common Stock, and (vi) 222,681 shares of Parent Common Stock
were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants.
The authorized
capital stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par
value per share, all of which, as of the date hereof, are issued and
outstanding.
All of the outstanding shares of Parent's and Merger Sub's
respective capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and nonassessable and were not issued in violation of any preemptive
rights, right of first refusal, or any similar rights.
The shares of Parent
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Offer and the Merger will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock (other than directors' qualifying shares) of each of
Parent's subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and all such shares (other than directors' qualifying shares) are
owned by Parent or another subsidiary free and clear of all Encumbrances, except
as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent.

     
SECTION 3.04  Authority Relative to this Agreement.
Each of Parent and/or
Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Parent and/or Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and/or
Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and/or Merger
Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are
necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so
contemplated.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
Parent and/or Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Company, constitutes the legal and binding obligations of Parent
and/or Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and/or Merger Sub in accordance
with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar laws of general application affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights and the exercise by courts of equitable powers.

     
SECTION 3.05  No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.
(a) The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the
performance of this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Parent
Charter Documents or Merger Sub Charter Documents, (ii) subject to compliance
with the requirements set forth in Section 3.05(b) below, conflict with or
violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to
Parent or any of its subsidiaries or by which they or any of their respective
properties are bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute
a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or impair Parent's or Merger Sub's rights or alter the rights or
obligations of any third party against or to Parent or Merger Sub under, or give
to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of,
or result in the creation of an Encumbrance on any of the properties or assets
of Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to, any material mortgage, Contract, permit,
franchise or other obligation to which Parent or

                                       A-26

Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent or Merger Sub or any of their
respective properties are bound or affected, except to the extent such conflict,
violation, breach, default, impairment or other effect could not, in the case of
clauses (ii) or (iii), individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and/or Merger
Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and/or Merger Sub
shall not, require Parent or Merger Sub to obtain or make any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental
Entity or third party except (i) pursuant to applicable requirements, if any, of
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, Blue Sky Laws, the pre-merger notification
requirements of the HSR Act and of foreign governmental entities and the rules
and regulations thereunder, the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, and the filing
and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law and
(ii) where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or
permits, or to make such filings or notifications, (A) could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent or (B) would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Offer or
the Merger or otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing their
respective obligations under this Agreement.

     
SECTION 3.06  SEC Filings; Financial Statements.
(a) Parent has made
available to Company (through reference to documents filed with the SEC by EDGAR
or otherwise) a correct and complete copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and definitive proxy statement filed by Parent with the SEC since
December 31, 1997 (the "Parent SEC Reports"), which are all the forms, reports
and documents (other than preliminary material) required to be filed by Parent
with the SEC since December 31, 1997.
The Parent SEC Reports (A) were prepared
in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
as the case may be, and (B) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended
or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date
of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.
None of Parent's subsidiaries is required to file any reports or
other documents with the SEC.

     (b) Each set of consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in the Parent SEC Reports was prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and except that
unaudited statements do not contain footnotes in substance or form required by
GAAP, as is permitted by Form 10-Q of the Exchange Act) and each fairly presents
the consolidated financial position of Parent and its subsidiaries at the
respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim
financial statements were or are subject to normal adjustments which were not or
are not expected to be material in amount.

     
SECTION 3.07  No Undisclosed Liabilities.
Neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of
a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes to
the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP which
are, individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, results of
operations or financial condition of Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, except (i) liabilities disclosed or provided for in Parent's unaudited
financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2000 as set forth in the Parent SEC Reports or in the
related notes or (ii) liabilities incurred since September 30, 2000 in the
ordinary course of business.

     
SECTION 3.08  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as set forth on
Section 3.08 of the Parent Schedule, since September 30, 2000, there has not
been any: (i) Material Adverse Effect on Parent, (ii) declaration, setting aside
or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) in respect of, any of Parent's or any of its subsidiaries' capital
stock, or any purchase, redemption or other acquisition by Parent of any of
Parent's capital stock or any other securities of Parent or its subsidiaries or
any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares or other

                                       A-27

securities except for repurchases from employees following their termination
pursuant to the terms of their pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements,
(iii) split, combination or reclassification of any of Parent's or any of its
subsidiaries' capital stock, (iv) material change by Parent in its accounting
methods, principles or practices, except as required by concurrent changes in
GAAP, (v) material revaluation by Parent of any of its assets, including,
without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory or writing
off notes or accounts receivable, or (vi) any sale of assets of Parent other
than in the ordinary course of business.

     
SECTION 3.09  Absence of Litigation.
As of the date hereof, there are no
claims, suits, actions or proceedings that have a reasonable likelihood of
success on the merits pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened
against, relating to or affecting Parent or any of its subsidiaries, before any
court, governmental department, commission, agency, instrumentality or
authority, or any arbitrator that seek to restrain or enjoin the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or that could otherwise
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     
SECTION 3.10  Operations and Assets of Merger Sub.
Merger Sub was formed
solely for the purpose of the Offer and the Merger and engaging in the
Transaction and has no material assets or liabilities, and will have no material
assets or liabilities, except as necessary for such purpose.
Merger Sub has not
engaged, and will not engage, in any other business or activity of any kind or
type whatsoever and has conducted and will conduct its operations only as
contemplated hereby.

     
SECTION 3.11  Taxes.
Each of Parent and its subsidiaries has filed all Tax
Returns required to be filed by each of them (except such Tax Returns that are
not, individually or in the aggregate, material to them, taken as a whole) and
has paid (or Parent has paid on behalf of its subsidiaries), or has established
an adequate reserve for the payment of, all Taxes required to be paid with
respect to such Tax Returns, whether or not shown to be due thereon.

     
SECTION 3.12  Reorganization.
Neither Parent, Merger Sub nor any of their
affiliates has taken, failed to take or agreed to take any action or knows of
any fact, circumstance, plan or intention that is or would be reasonably likely
to prevent the Transaction from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     
SECTION 3.13  Brokers.
Other than fees owed to Parent's financial advisors,
Merrill Lynch & Co., Parent and Merger Sub have not incurred, nor will they
incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders fees or
agent's commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or
any transaction contemplated hereby.

                                   
ARTICLE IV

                                INTERIM CONDUCT

     SECTION 4.01  Conduct of Business by Company.
During the period from the
date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Appointment Time, Company and each
of its subsidiaries shall, except to the extent that Parent shall otherwise
consent in writing (which consent, or refusal to grant consent, shall not
unreasonably be delayed), carry on its business in the ordinary course in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted and in substantial
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay its debts and taxes
when due subject to good faith disputes over such debts or taxes, pay or perform
other material obligations when due subject to good faith disputes over such
obligations, and use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past
practices and policies to (i) preserve intact its present business organization,
(ii) keep available the services of its present officers and employees, and
(iii) preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors,
licensors, licensees and others with which it has significant business dealings.

In addition, Company will promptly notify Parent of any material event involving
its business or operations occurring outside the ordinary course of business.

                                       A-28

     
In addition, without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent, or
refusal to grant consent, shall not unreasonably be delayed), except as
permitted or required by this Agreement and except as provided in Section 4.01
of the Company Schedule, during the period from the date of this Agreement and
continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
its terms or the Appointment Time, Company shall not do any of the following and
shall not permit its subsidiaries to do any of the following:

          (a) Waive any stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the
     period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or reprice options
     granted under any employee, consultant, director or other stock plans or
     authorize cash payments in exchange for any options granted under any of
     such plans;

          (b) Grant any severance or termination pay to any officer or employee
     except pursuant to written agreements outstanding, or policies existing, on
     the date hereof and as previously disclosed in writing or made available to
     Parent, or adopt any new severance plan, or amend or modify or alter in any
     manner any severance plan, agreement or arrangement existing on the date
     hereof, or grant any equity-based compensation (except as permitted by
     Section 4.01(f) hereof), whether payable in cash or stock;

          (c) Except as contemplated by this Agreement, transfer or license to
     any person or entity or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to the
     Company Intellectual Property, or enter into grants to transfer or license
     to any person future patent rights, other than non-exclusive licenses
     granted to end-users in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
     past practice and nonexclusive distribution, value added reseller and other
     commercial agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practices; provided that in no event shall Company (i)
     license on an exclusive basis or sell any Company Intellectual Property, or
     (ii) enter into any agreement (w) containing pricing or discounting terms
     or provisions other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practices, (x) requiring Company to use its "best efforts", (y)
     requiring Company to purchase or provide a minimum amount of products or
     services with aggregate commitments over the life of all such contracts in
     excess of $2,500,000, or (z) limiting the right of Company to engage in any
     line of business or to compete with any person;

          (d) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
     distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in
     respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any capital
     stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect
     of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock;

          (e) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
     shares of capital stock of Company or its subsidiaries, except repurchases
     of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of the
     employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock option or
     purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof (or any such agreements
     entered into in the ordinary course consistent with past practice by
     Company with employees hired after the date hereof);

          (f) Issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber or
     propose any of the foregoing with respect to any shares of capital stock or
     any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or subscriptions,
     rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or any
     securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or enter into other
     agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such
     shares or convertible securities, other than (x) the issuance, delivery
     and/or sale of (i) shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise
     of stock options or warrants outstanding as of the date of this Agreement,
     and (ii) shares of Company Common Stock issuable to participants in the
     ESPP consistent with the terms thereof, and (y) the granting of stock
     options in the ordinary course of business to employees who are not
     officers in amounts and with vesting schedules (except that no such option
     grant shall provide for acceleration upon the consummation of the Offer,
     the Merger or any other change in control of Company or Parent) which are
     consistent with past practices in an amount not to exceed 100,000 shares in
     the aggregate.

                                       A-29

          (g) Cause, permit or submit to a vote of Company's stockholders any
     amendments to the Company Charter Documents (or similar governing
     instruments of any of its subsidiaries);

          (h) Acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or
     by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by
     any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association
     or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or
     agree to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any of the
     foregoing, or purchase any equity interest in any of the foregoing or enter
     into any joint ventures;

          (i) Sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of any
     properties or assets except sales of inventory in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice, and except for the sale, lease,
     licensing, encumbering or disposition (other than through licensing unless
     permitted by Section 4.01(c)) of property or assets which are not material,
     individually or in the aggregate, to the business of Company and its
     subsidiaries;

          (j) Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
     indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
     options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of
     Company, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any
     financial statement condition or enter into any arrangement having the
     economic effect of any of the foregoing other than in connection with the
     financing of working capital in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practice, provided, that Company may enter into or undertake any
     of the foregoing transactions to the extent that the aggregate amount of
     all such liabilities, commitments or obligations (absolute, accrued,
     asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise) shall not exceed $100,000;

          (k) Adopt or amend any Plan or any employee stock purchase or employee
     stock option plan; or enter into any employment contract or collective
     bargaining agreement (other than offer letters and letter agreements
     entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice with newly hired employees who are not officers and who are
     terminable "at will"); pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any
     director or employee (cash, equity or otherwise); or increase the salaries
     or wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to severance or
     indemnification) of its directors, officers, employees or consultants;

          (l)(i) Pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material litigation
     (whether or not commenced prior to the date of this Agreement) or any
     material claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
     unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge,
     settlement or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business or in
     accordance with their terms, of liabilities recognized or disclosed in the
     most recent financial statements (or the notes thereto) of Company included
     in the Company SEC Reports or incurred since the date of such financial
     statements in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practices, or (ii) knowingly or intentionally waive the benefits of, agree
     to modify in any manner, terminate, release any person from or knowingly
     fail to enforce the confidentiality or nondisclosure provisions of any
     agreement to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of
     which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a beneficiary;

          (m) Modify, amend or terminate any Company Contract (except
     expirations or failures to renew such contracts in accordance with their
     terms and except for those modifications, amendments or terminations of
     Company Contracts in the ordinary course and that, in the case of any such
     amendments or modifications, that would otherwise be permitted under this
     Section 4.01 if entered into as a new contract) or waive, delay the
     exercise of, release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder;

          (n) Except as required by GAAP, revalue any of its assets or make any
     change in accounting methods, principles or practices;

          (o) Incur or enter into any agreement, contract, commitment or
     arrangement or series of related agreements, contracts, commitments or
     arrangements requiring Company or any of its subsidiaries to

                                       A-30

     pay in excess of $250,000 outside of the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practices, which payments shall not exceed $1,000,000
     in the aggregate;

          (p)
Except as set forth in Section 4.01(p) of the Company Schedule or
     as permitted by Section 4.01(t) or as required pursuant to the terms of any
     Company Contract, make any individual or series of related payment outside
     of the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices in excess
     of $250,000, which payments shall not exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate.

          
(q) Make any Tax election or accounting method change (except as
     required by GAAP) inconsistent with past practice that, individually or in
     the aggregate, is reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material
     respect the Tax liability or Tax attributes of Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, settle or compromise any material Tax liability or consent to
     any extension or waiver of any limitation period with respect to Taxes;

          (r) engage in any action with the intent to, directly or indirectly,
     adversely impact or materially delay the consummation of the Offer or the
     Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
     other than to the extent permitted by Section 5.03(b);

          (s) hire any employee except for employees who are not officers and
     are hired on an "at-will" basis in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practices and have an annual compensation not in
     excess of $100,000;

          (t) other than fees payable to Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
     pursuant to the engagement letter referred to in Section 2.17 hereof, make
     any individual or series of related payments outside of the ordinary course
     of business (including payments to legal, accounting or other professional
     service advisors) in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate; or

          (u) Agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described
     in Section 4.01(a) through (t) above.

     
SECTION 4.02  Conduct of Business by Parent.
During the period from the
date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, Parent and each of
its subsidiaries shall, except to the extent that Company shall otherwise
consent in writing (which consent, or refusal to grant consent, shall not
unreasonably be delayed), carry on its business in the ordinary course in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted and in substantial
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay its debts and taxes
when due subject to good faith disputes over such debts or taxes, pay or perform
other material obligations when due subject to good faith disputes over such
obligations.

     
In addition, without the prior written consent of Company (such consent, or
refusal to grant consent, shall not unreasonably be delayed), except as
permitted or required by this Agreement and except as provided in Section 4.02
of the Parent Schedule, during the period from the date of this Agreement and
continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
its terms or the Appointment Time, Parent shall not do any of the following:

          (a) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
     distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property( in
     respect of any capital stock of Parent; provided, that Parent shall not be
     prohibited from effecting any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
     dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like
     change with respect to any capital stock of Parent;

          (b) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
     shares of capital stock of Parent, except repurchases of unvested shares at
     cost in connection with the termination of the employment relationship with
     any employee pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements in effect on
     the date hereof;

          (c) Cause, permit or submit to a vote of Parent stockholders any
     amendments to the Parent Charter Documents;

                                       A-31

          (d) Acquire any company that has a class of securities registered
     under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act; or

          (e) Agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described
     in Section 4.02(a) through (d) above.

                                   
ARTICLE V

                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     SECTION 5.01  Stockholder Approval; Preparation of Registration Statement
and Proxy Statement/ Prospectus.
(a)
If approval of Company's stockholders is
required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger other than pursuant
to Section 253 of Delaware Law, following the acceptance for exchange of Shares
pursuant to the Offer, Parent and Company shall, as soon as practicable
following the acceptance of Shares pursuant to the Offer, prepare and Company
shall file with the SEC the Company Proxy Statement and Parent and Company shall
prepare and Parent shall file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement (the "Post-Effective Amendment") for the offer and sale
of the Parent Stock pursuant to the Merger and in which the Company Proxy
Statement will be included as a prospectus.
Each of Company and Parent shall use
all reasonable efforts to have the Post-Effective Amendment declared effective
under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing.
Company
will use all reasonable efforts to cause the Company Proxy Statement to be
mailed to Company's stockholders as promptly as practicable after the
Post-Effective Amendment is declared effective under the Securities Act.
Parent
shall also take any action (other than qualifying to do business in any
jurisdiction in which it is not now so qualified or to file a general consent to
service of process) required to be taken under any applicable state securities
laws in connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Offer and the
Merger and Company shall furnish all information concerning Company and the
holders of capital stock of Company as may be reasonably requested in connection
with any such action and the preparation, filing and distribution of the Company
Proxy Statement.
No filing of, or amendment or supplement to, or correspondence
to the SEC or its staff with respect to, the Post-Effective Amendment will be
made by Parent, or with respect to the Company Proxy Statement will be made by
Company, without providing the other party a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment thereon.
Parent will advise Company, promptly after it receives
notice thereof, of the time when the Post-Effective Amendment has become
effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any
stop order, the suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common Stock
issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction,
or any request by the SEC for amendment of the Post-Effective Amendment or
comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information.
Company will advise Parent, promptly after it receives notice
thereof, of any request by the SEC for the amendment of the Company Proxy
Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for
additional information.
If at any time prior to the Effective Time any
information relating to Company or Parent, or any of their respective
affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by Company or Parent
which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to either of the
Post-Effective Amendment or the Company Proxy Statement, so that any of such
documents would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and an
appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by law, disseminated to
the stockholders of Company.

     
(b) If approval of Company's stockholders is required by applicable law in
order to consummate the Merger, Company shall establish, prior to or as soon as
practicable following the date upon which the Post-Effective Amendment becomes
effective, a record date (which shall be prior to or as soon as practicable
following the date upon which the Post-Effective Amendment becomes effective)
for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders
(the "Company Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of considering the approval
and adoption of this Agreement and (with the consent of Parent)

                                       A-32

such other matters as may in the reasonable judgment of Company be appropriate
for consideration at the Company Stockholders Meeting.
Once the Company
Stockholders Meeting has been called and noticed, Company shall not postpone or
adjourn the Company Stockholders Meeting (other than for the absence of a
quorum) without the consent of Parent.
The Post-Effective Amendment and the
Proxy Statement shall include the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston
Corporation referred to in Section 2.20 and, subject to Company's right,
pursuant to Section 5.03(b) hereof, to withhold, withdraw, modify, change or
fail to make the Recommendations, the Board of Directors of Company shall
include in the Post-Effective Amendment and the Company Proxy Statement the
Recommendations as such Recommendations pertain to the Merger and this
Agreement.
Unless the Board of Directors of Company shall have withheld,
withdrawn, modified, changed or failed to make its Recommendations in compliance
with Section 5.03(b), Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to take all
actions necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of stockholders
required by Delaware Law to effect the Merger.
Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company's obligation to establish a
record date for, call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company Stockholders
Meeting in accordance with this Section 5.01 shall not be limited to or
otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission
to the Company of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below).

     (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) above, if Merger Sub
shall acquire at least 90% of the outstanding Shares in the Offer, the parties
hereto shall take all necessary actions (including actions referred to in clause
(a) above, as applicable) to cause the Merger to become effective, as soon as
practicable after the expiration of the Offer, without a meeting of stockholders
of Company, in accordance with Section 253 of Delaware Law.

     
SECTION 5.02  Regulatory Filings.
(a) Promptly after the date of this
Agreement, each of Company and Parent will prepare and file (i) with the United
States Federal Trade Commission (
the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") Notification and Report Forms
relating to the transactions contemplated herein as required by the HSR Act, as
well as comparable pre-merger notification forms required by the merger
notification or control laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, as
agreed to by the parties (the "Antitrust Filings") and (ii) any other filings
required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any
other federal, state or foreign laws relating to the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the "Other Filings").
Company and Parent each
shall promptly supply the other with any information which may be required in
order to effectuate any filings pursuant to this Section 5.02.
In addition,
Company and Parent each shall each use all reasonable efforts to obtain early
termination of any waiting period under the HSR Act and Company and Parent shall
each promptly (a) supply the other with any information which may be required in
order to effectuate such filings and (b) supply any additional information which
reasonably may be required by the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or merger
control authorities of any other jurisdiction and which the parties may
reasonably deem appropriate; provided, however, that Parent shall not be
required to agree to any divestiture by Parent or Company or any of Parent's
subsidiaries or affiliates of shares of capital stock or of any business, assets
or property of Parent or its subsidiaries or affiliates or of Company, its
affiliates, or the imposition of any material limitation on the ability of any
of them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such
assets, properties and stock.

     
(b) Each of Company and Parent will notify the other promptly upon the
receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff or any other government
officials in connection with any filing made pursuant hereto and of any request
by the SEC or its staff or any other government officials for amendments or
supplements to the Registration Statement, the Post-Effective Amendment, the
Company Proxy Statement or any Antitrust Filings or Other Filings or for
additional information and will supply the other with copies of all
correspondence between such party or any of its representatives, on the one
hand, and the SEC, or its staff or any other government officials, on the other
hand, with respect to the Registration Statement, the Post-Effective Amendment,
the Company Proxy Statement, the Merger or any Antitrust Filing or Other Filing.

Each of Company and Parent will cause all documents that it is responsible for
filing with the SEC or other regulatory authorities under Section 5.01 and this
Section 5.02 to comply in all material respects with all applicable requirements
of law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                                       
A-33


Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set forth in an amendment or
supplement the Registration Statement, the Post-Effective Amendment, the Company
Proxy Statement or any Antitrust Filing or Other Filing, Company or Parent, as
the case may be, will promptly inform the other of such occurrence and cooperate
in filing with the SEC or its staff or any other government officials, and/or
mailing to stockholders of Company and/or Parent, such amendment or supplement.

     
SECTION 5.03  No Solicitation.
(a) From the date hereof until the
Appointment Time or termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article VII
hereof, whichever is earlier, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall,
nor shall Company or any of its subsidiaries authorize or permit any of its or
their officers, directors, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants, consultants or other agents, advisors or representatives retained
by any of them to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly
take any action to assist, facilitate, induce or encourage the making,
submission or announcement of, any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), (ii)
engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or knowingly
furnish any information relating to Company or any of its subsidiaries or afford
access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of Company or any
of its subsidiaries to any person that has made, or knowingly take any other
action to assist or facilitate any inquiries or the making of, any proposal that
constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal,
(iii) approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal or (iv) enter into
any letter of intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or
commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

     
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the Appointment Time the Board
of Directors of Company, directly or indirectly through advisors, agents or
other intermediaries, may (i) subject to Company's compliance with Section
5.03(a), engage or participate in discussions or negotiations with any third
party that has made (and not withdrawn) a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that
the Board of Directors of Company concludes in good faith (after consultation
with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) constitutes a
Superior Proposal, (ii) furnish to such third party nonpublic information
relating to Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to a confidentiality
agreement with terms no less favorable to Company than those contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement, and/or (iii) following receipt of such an Acquisition
Proposal, withhold, withdraw, modify or change in a manner adverse to Parent, or
fail to make, its Recommendations and approve, endorse or recommend such
Acquisition Proposal; provided, that in each case (1) neither Company nor any
representative of Company and its subsidiaries shall have violated any of the
restrictions set forth in this Section 5.03 in connection with such Acquisition
Proposal or person making such Acquisition Proposal, (2) the Board of Directors
of Company concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, that in light of such Superior Proposal such action is required for the
Board of Directors of Company to comply with its fiduciary obligations to
Company's stockholders under Delaware Law, (3) at least two business days prior
to furnishing any such nonpublic information to, or entering into any such
discussions or negotiations with, such person or group, Company gives Parent
written notice of the identity of such person or group and all of the material
terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal and of Company's intention to
furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions or negotiations
with, such person or group, and (4) contemporaneously with furnishing any such
nonpublic information to such person or group, Company furnishes such nonpublic
information to Parent (to the extent such nonpublic information has not been
previously furnished by Company to Parent).
Company and its subsidiaries will
immediately cease any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations
with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.

Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any violation of the
restrictions set forth in this Section 5.03 by any officer, director or employee
of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker, attorney or
other advisor or representative of Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be
deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.03 by Company.
In addition to the
foregoing, Company shall (i) provide Parent with at least forty-eight (48) hours
prior notice (or such lesser prior notice as provided to the members of
Company's Board of Directors but in no event less than eight (8) hours) of any
meeting of Company's Board of Directors at which Company's Board of Directors is
reasonably expected to consider a Superior Proposal and (ii) provide Parent with
at least three (3) business days prior written notice (or such lesser prior
notice as provided to the members of Company's Board of

                                       A-34

Directors) of a meeting of Company's Board of Directors at which Company's Board
of Directors is reasonably expected to approve, endorse or recommend a Superior
Proposal to its stockholders and together with such notice a copy of the
proposed form of agreement, letter of intent or other definitive document
containing the terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal.
Company shall not
be entitled to enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any
agreement, contract or commitment (other than a confidentiality agreement as
permitted by this Section 5.03(b))
co ntemplating or otherwise relating to an
Acquisition Proposal unless and until this Agreement is terminated by its terms
pursuant to Section 7.01(d) and Company has paid all amounts due to Parent
pursuant to Section 8.03.
This Section 5.03(b) shall not prohibit Company's
Board of Directors from (i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act, (ii) complying
with the provisions of Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act, (iii)
making any disclosure to Company's stockholders that is required by law, or (iv)
taking any action ordered to be taken by Company by any court of competent
jurisdiction.

     
(c)
In addition to the obligations of Company set forth in paragraph (a) of
this Section 5.03, Company as promptly as reasonably practicable, and in any
event within twenty-four (24) hours, shall advise Parent orally and in writing
of any request for nonpublic information which Company reasonably believes would
lead to an Acquisition Proposal, of any Acquisition Proposal, or of any inquiry
with respect to or which Company reasonably believes would lead to any
Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request,
Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person or group making
any such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.
Company will keep Parent
informed as promptly as reasonably practicable in all material respects of the
status and details (including material amendments or proposed amendments) of any
such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.

     
For purposes of this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide,
written Acquisition Proposal not received in violation of Section 5.03(a) for at
least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock on terms that
the Board of Directors of Company determines in good faith by a majority vote,
after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation
and taking into account all the terms and conditions of the Acquisition
Proposal, are more favorable to Company's stockholders than as provided
hereunder; provided, however, that any such proposal shall not be deemed to be a
"Superior Proposal" if any financing required to consummate the transaction
contemplated by such offer is not committed and is not likely in the good faith
judgment of Company's Board of Directors to be obtained by such third party on a
timely basis.
An Acquisition Proposal shall not be precluded from constituting a
"Superior Proposal" solely as a result of such Acquisition Proposal being
conditioned upon the completion of due diligence.

     
For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" shall mean any offer
or proposal by a third party (other than Parent, Merger Sub, or any affiliate
thereof) relating to: (A) any acquisition or purchase from Company by any person
or "group" (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder) of more than a 15% interest in the outstanding voting
securities of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange
offer that if consummated would result in any person or "group" (as defined
under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder) beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any merger, consolidation, business
combination or similar transaction involving Company pursuant to which the
stockholders of Company immediately preceding such transaction would hold less
than 85% of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such
transaction; (B) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of
business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
business), acquisition, or disposition of more than 15% of the consolidated
assets of Company; or (C) any liquidation or dissolution of Company.

     
SECTION 5.04  Obligations of Merger Sub.
Parent will take all action
necessary to cause Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement
and to consummate the Offer and the Merger on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement.

                                       A-35

     SECTION 5.05  Voting of Shares.
Parent and Merger Sub agree to vote all
Shares acquired in the Offer or otherwise beneficially owned by them or any of
their subsidiaries in favor of approval and adoption of this Agreement at the
Company Stockholder Meeting or pursuant to Section 253 of Delaware Law on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

     
SECTION 5.06  Registration Statement.
Parent shall promptly prepare and
file with the SEC under the Securities Act the Registration Statement and shall
use all reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared
effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable.
Parent shall promptly take any
action required to be taken under foreign or state securities laws in connection
with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger.
Parent shall include as
exhibits to the Registration Statement substantially identical opinions of
Cooley Godward LLP and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
Corporation (the opinion of each firm to be addressed to such firm's respective
client), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and to Company
confirming the accuracy of that section of the Registration Statement titled
"Material Federal Income Tax Consequences."

     SECTION 5.07  Confidentiality; Access to Information.
(a) The parties
acknowledge that Company and Parent have previously executed the Confidentiality
Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2001 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), which
Confidentiality Agreement will continue in full force and effect in accordance
with its terms.

     (b) Company will afford Parent and its accountants, counsel and other
representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the
properties, books, records and personnel of Company during the period prior to
the Effective Time to obtain all information concerning the business, including
the status of product development efforts, properties, results of operations and
personnel of Company, as Parent may reasonably request, including without
limitation copies of working papers of accountants, contracts, and other
corporate documents, and access to other parties with whom it has business
dealings.
Parent will afford Company and its accountant, counsel and other
representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the
properties, book, records and personnel of Parent during the period prior to the
Effective Time to obtain information concerning the business of Parent as
reasonably required by Company, provided, however that in no event shall Parent
be required to provide any information with respect to forecasts and any other
forward-looking information, any working papers of accountants, any information
regarding personnel or any other information the provision of which would cause
undue disruption the Parent's business or would be deemed to be competitively
sensitive.
No information or knowledge obtained by either party in any
investigation pursuant to this Section will affect or be deemed to modify any
representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations
of the parties to consummate the Offer and the Merger.

     
SECTION 5.08  Public Disclosure.
Parent and Company will consult with each
other, and to the extent practicable, agree, before issuing any press release or
otherwise making any public statement with respect to the Offer, the Merger,
this Agreement or an Acquisition Proposal and will not issue any such press
release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as
may be required by law or any listing agreement with a national securities
exchange or Nasdaq, in which case reasonable efforts to consult with the other
party will be made prior to such release or public statement; provided, however,
that no such consultation or agreement shall be required if, prior to the date
of such release or public statement, Company shall have withheld, withdrawn,
modified, changed or failed to make its Recommendations in compliance with
Section 5.03(b).
The parties have agreed to the text of the joint press release
announcing the signing of this Agreement.

     
SECTION 5.09  Reasonable Efforts; Notification.
(a) Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties
agrees to use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other
parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and
make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using reasonable
efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts
necessary to cause the conditions precedent set forth in Annex I (if they remain
applicable) and Article VI to be

                                       A-36

satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers,
consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from Governmental Entities and
the making of all necessary registrations, declarations and filings (including
registrations, declarations and filings with Governmental Entities, if any) and
the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to avoid any suit, claim,
action, investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (iii) the
obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties,
(iv) the defending of any suits, claims, actions, investigations or proceedings,
whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have
any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other
Governmental Entity vacated or reversed and (v) the execution or delivery of any
additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by,
and to carry out fully the purposes of, this Agreement.
If any state takeover
statute is or may become applicable to the Offer, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of Parent and Company and
their respective Boards of Directors shall grant such approvals and use
reasonable efforts to take such lawful actions as are necessary to ensure that
such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the
effects of such statute and any regulations promulgated thereunder on such
transactions.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
neither Parent nor any of its affiliates shall be under any obligation to make
proposals, execute or carry out agreements or submit to orders providing for the
sale, license or other disposition or holding separate (through the
establishment of a trust or otherwise) of any assets or categories of assets of
Parent, any of its affiliates or Company or its subsidiaries or the holding
separate of the shares of Company Common Stock (or shares of stock of the
Surviving Corporation) or imposing or seeking to impose any limitation on the
ability of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to conduct their
business or own such assets or to acquire, hold or exercise full rights of
ownership of the shares of Company Common Stock (or shares of stock of the
Surviving Corporation).

     
(b) Each of Company and Parent will give prompt notice to the other of (i)
any notice or other communication from any person alleging that the consent of
such person is or may be required in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) any notice or other communication from any
Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby,
(iii) any litigation relating to, involving or otherwise affecting Company,
Parent or their respective subsidiaries that relates to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.
Company shall give prompt notice to Parent
upon becoming aware that any representation or warranty made by it contained in
this Agreement has become untrue or inaccurate, or any failure of Company to
comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or
agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement, in each
case, such that the conditions set forth in Annex
I (if they remain applicable)
or Article VI would not be satisfied, provided, however, that no such
notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement.
Parent shall give prompt notice to Company upon becoming
aware that any representation or warranty made by it or Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement has become untrue or inaccurate, or any failure of Parent or
Merger Sub to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
Agreement, in each case, such that the conditions set forth in Annex I (if they
remain applicable) or Article VI would not be satisfied, provided, however, that
no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement.

     
SECTION 5.10  Disclosure Documents.
(a) Neither the Schedule 14D-9 nor the
Company Proxy Statement, nor any of the information supplied or to be supplied
by Company or its subsidiaries or representatives for inclusion or incorporation
by reference in the Offer Documents, the Registration Statement or the
Post-Effective Amendment will, at the respective times any such documents or any
amendments or supplements thereto are filed with the SEC, are first published,
sent or given to stockholders or become effective under the Securities Act or,
in the case of the Company Proxy Statement, at the time of the Company
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading.
The Schedule 14D-9 and the Company Proxy
Statement will comply as to form in

                                       A-37

all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws, including
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
No representations or
warranty is made by Company with respect to statements made or incorporated by
reference in any such documents based on information supplied by Parent or
Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.

     (b) Neither the Offer Documents nor the Registration Statement nor the
Post-Effective Amendment, nor any of the information supplied or to be supplied
by Parent or its subsidiaries or representatives for inclusion or incorporation
by reference in the Schedule 14D-9 or the Company Proxy Statement will, at the
respective times any such documents or any amendments or supplements thereto are
filed with the SEC, are first published, sent or given to stockholders or become
effective under the Securities Act or, in the case of the Company Proxy
Statement, at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
The
Offer Documents and the Registration Statement and the Post-Effective Amendment
will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of all
applicable laws, including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder.
No representation or warranty is made by Parent or
Merger Sub with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in any
such documents based on information supplied by Company for inclusion or
incorporation by reference therein.

     
SECTION 5.11  Stock Options; ESPP.

     
(a) Stock Options.
At the Effective Time, each outstanding option to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock (each, a "Company Stock Option") under
the Company Option Plans, whether or not vested, shall by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of Company, Parent or any holder of Company
Stock Option, be assumed by Parent.
Each Company Stock Option so assumed by
Parent under this Agreement will continue to have, and be subject to, the same
terms and conditions of such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including, without limitation, any repurchase rights or vesting
provisions and provisions regarding the acceleration of vesting on certain
transactions, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
to the extent otherwise provided for in any plan or agreement applicable to such
Company Stock Options and disclosed on Section 2.03 or 2.18 of the Company
Schedule), except that (i) each Company Stock Option will be exercisable (or
will become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such Company Stock
Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock and
(ii) the per share exercise price for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of such assumed Company Stock Option will be equal to the quotient
determined by dividing the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock at
which such Company Stock Option was exercisable immediately prior to the
Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

Parent shall comply with the terms of all such Company Stock Options.
It is
intended that Company Stock Options assumed by Parent shall qualify following
the Effective Time as incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the
Code to the extent such Company Stock Options qualified as incentive stock
options immediately prior to the Effective Time and the provisions of this
Section 5.11 shall be applied consistent with such intent in accordance with
Section 424 of the Code.
Parent shall take all corporate actions necessary to
reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent Common Stock for
delivery upon exercise of assumed Company Stock Options on the terms set forth
in this Section 5.11(a).

     (b) ESPP.
Prior to the Effective Time, outstanding purchase rights under
Company's ESPP shall be exercised in accordance with the terms of the ESPP.
With
respect to each share of Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to the ESPP,
such exercise shall by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part
of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive a number of shares
of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio without issuance of
certificates representing issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
to ESPP participants.
Company shall terminate the ESPP effective at or prior to
the Closing.

                                       
A-38

     SECTION 5.12  Form S-8.
Parent agrees to file a registration statement on
Form S-8 for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable with respect to assumed
Company Stock Options as soon as is reasonably practicable (and in any event
within 10 business days) after the Effective Time.

     
SECTION 5.13  Nasdaq Listing.
Parent agrees to cause the listing on Nasdaq
the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable, and those required to be reserved
for issuance, in connection with the Offer and Merger, subject to official
notice of issuance.

     
SECTION 5.14  Indemnification.
(a) From and after the Effective Time,
Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects
the obligations of Company (or any predecessor corporation) pursuant to (i) each
indemnification agreement between Company and its directors or officers in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "Indemnified Parties") and
(ii) any indemnification provision under the Company Charter Documents as in
effect on the date hereof.
The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation and
indemnification that are at least as favorable to the Indemnified Parties as
those contained in the Company Charter Documents as in effect on the date
hereof, which provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for
a period of six (6) years from the Effective Time in any manner that would
adversely affect the rights thereunder of any Indemnified Party or of
individuals who, immediately prior to the Effective Time, were employees or
agents of Company, unless such modification is required by law.

     
(b)
For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Parent will
either (i) cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect, if available,
directors' and officers' liability insurance covering those persons who are
currently covered by Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy on terms comparable to those applicable to the current directors and
officers of Company; provided, however, that in no event will Parent or the
Surviving Corporation be required to expend in any year in excess of 150% of the
annual premium currently paid by Company for such coverage (or such coverage as
is available for such 150% of such annual premium), or (ii) Parent may purchase
directors' and officers' liability tail coverage on terms comparable to those
applicable to the current directors and officers of Company covering all periods
prior to the Effective Time.

     (c) This Section 5.14 shall survive the consummation of the Merger, is
intended to benefit Company, the Surviving Corporation and each Indemnified
Party, shall be binding on all successors and assigns of the Surviving
Corporation and Parent, and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties.

     
SECTION 5.15  Company Affiliate Agreements.
Set forth in Section 5.15 of
the Company Schedule is a complete and accurate list of those persons who may be
deemed to be, in Company's reasonable judgment, affiliates of Company within the
meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a "Company
Affiliate").
Company will provide Parent with such information and documents as
Parent reasonably requests for purposes of reviewing such list.
Company will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered to
Parent, on or as promptly as practicable following the date hereof, from each
Company Affiliate that has not delivered a Company Affiliate Agreement on or
prior to the date hereof, an executed Company Affiliate Agreement.
Each Company
Affiliate Agreement will be in full force and effect as of the Effective Time.

Parent will be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates
evidencing any Parent Common Stock to be received by a Company Affiliate
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and to issue appropriate stop transfer
instructions to the transfer agent for the Parent Common Stock, consistent with
the terms of the Company Affiliate Agreement.

     
SECTION 5.16  Termination of Certain Company Plans.
Effective as of the day
immediately preceding the Effective Time, Company and its Affiliates, as
applicable, shall each terminate any and all group severance, separation or
salary continuation plans, programs or arrangements and any and all plans
intended to include a Code Section 401(k) arrangement (unless Parent provides
written notice to Company that such 401(k) plans shall not be terminated).

Unless Parent provides such written notice to Company, no later than three
business days prior to the Effective Time, Company shall provide Parent with
evidence that such plans, programs or arrangements have been terminated
(effective as of the day immediately preceding the Effective Time) pursuant to
resolutions of Company's Board of Directors.
The

                                       A-39

form and substance of such resolutions shall be subject to review and approval
of Parent.
Company also shall take such other actions in furtherance of
terminating such plans, programs or arrangements as Parent may reasonably
require.

     
SECTION 5.17  Tax Matters.
Each of Parent, Merger Sub and Company agrees
that it will not engage in any action, or fail to take any action, and will
cause its respective subsidiaries not to engage in any action, or fail to take
any action, which action or failure to take action would reasonably be expected
to cause the Transaction to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" under Section
368(a) of the Code, whether or not otherwise permitted by the provisions of this
Agreement.
Each of Parent, Merger Sub and Company agrees to provide customary
and appropriate representations to Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
Professional Corporation, and Cooley Godward LLP in support of their tax
opinions referred to in Section 5.06 and Annex I, as mutually agreed upon by the
parties' counsel.

     
SECTION 5.18  No Rights Plan Amendment.
Prior to the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Closing, Company and its Board of Directors
shall not amend or modify or take any other action with regard to the Company
Rights Plan in any manner or take another action so as to (i) render the Company
Rights Plan inapplicable to any transaction(s) other than the Offer, the Merger
and other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company
Stockholder Agreements, or (ii) permit any person or group (other than Parent,
Merger Sub or any of their affiliates) who would otherwise be an Acquiring
Person (as defined in the Company Rights Plan) not to be an Acquiring Person, or
(iii) provide that a Distribution Date or a Shares Acquisition Date (as such
terms are defined in the Company Rights Plan) or similar event does not occur as
promptly as practicable by reason of the execution of any agreement or
transaction other than this Agreement and the Company Stockholder Agreements and
the Offer, the Merger and the agreements and transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, or (iv) except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement,
otherwise affect the rights of holders of Rights.

     
SECTION 5.19  Employee Benefits.
(a) From and after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries will honor in accordance with their
terms all existing employment, severance, consulting and salary continuation
agreements between Company or any of its subsidiaries and any current or former
executive officer or director of Company or any of its subsidiaries, which
agreements are described on Section 5.19 of the Company Schedule, subject to any
modifications thereto agreed to by any such officers or directors with the
Surviving Corporation, including the Severance Agreement Amendments.

     
(b)
In addition to honoring the agreements referred to in Section 5.19 of
the Company Schedule, Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to provide the
benefits (including health benefits, severance policies and general employment
policies and procedures) which are substantially comparable in the aggregate to
benefits that are available to similarly situated employees of Parent and its
subsidiaries as of the date hereof, provided, however, that such insurance
carriers, outsider providers or the like are able to provide such benefits on
terms reasonably acceptable to Parent, and provided, further, that nothing in
this Section 5.19(b) shall prevent the Surviving Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries from making any change required by applicable law, and provided,
further, that it shall not result in any duplication of benefits.

     
(c) To the extent permitted under applicable law, each employee of Company
or its subsidiaries shall be given credit for all service with Company or its
subsidiaries (or service credited by Company or its subsidiaries) under all
employee benefit plans, programs, policies and arrangements maintained by Parent
or the Surviving Corporation (other than sabbatical benefits, for which
employees of Company or its subsidiaries will not receive any such past service
credit) in which they participate or in which they become participants for
purposes of eligibility, vesting and benefit accrual including, without
limitation, for purposes of determining (i) short-term and long-term disability
benefits, (ii) severance benefits, (iii) vacation benefits and (iv) benefits
under any retirement plan;
provided, however, that no service credit for benefit
accrual purposes shall be provided under any defined benefit pension plan or in
any other circumstance that would result in duplicative accrual of benefits, and
provided, further, that such insurance

                                       A-40

carriers, outsider providers or the like are able to honor such commitments on
terms reasonably acceptable to Parent.

     SECTION 5.20  Action by Board of Directors.
Prior to the Appointment Time,
the Board of Directors of Parent, or an appropriate committee of non-employee
directors thereof, shall adopt a resolution consistent with the interpretative
guidance of the SEC so that (i) the assumption of Company Stock Options held by
Company Insiders (as defined below) pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) the
receipt by Company Insiders of Parent Common Stock in exchange for Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or the Merger, shall in each case be an
exempt transaction for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act by any officer
or director of Company who may become a covered person of Parent for purposes of
Section 16 of the Exchange Act (a "Company Insider").

                                   
ARTICLE VI

                            CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     SECTION 6.01  Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the
Merger.
The respective obligations of each party to this Agreement to effect the
Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of
the following conditions, any of which may be waived if waived in writing by
both Parent and Company:

          (a) If required by Delaware Law, this Agreement shall have been
     approved and adopted by the requisite vote under Delaware Law and the
     Company Charter Documents by the stockholders of Company;

          (b) Merger Sub shall have accepted for exchange and exchanged all of
     the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer;

          (c) no provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment,
     injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the Merger;

          (d) the Registration Statement or the Post-Effective Amendment, as the
     case may be, shall have been declared effective and no stop order
     suspending effectiveness shall be in effect and no proceedings for such
     purpose shall be pending before or threatened by the SEC; and

          (e) the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger shall
     have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to official notice of
     issuance, or shall be exempt from such requirement under then applicable
     laws, regulations and rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     SECTION 7.01  Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
may be abandoned (notwithstanding the requisite approval of the stockholders of
Company):

          (a) at any time prior to the Effective Time, by mutual written consent
     duly authorized by the Boards of Directors of Parent and Company;

          (b) at any time prior to the Effective Time, by either Company or
     Parent, if:

             (i) the Offer shall have expired or been terminated in accordance
        with the terms of this Agreement without Parent or Merger Sub having
        accepted for exchange any Shares pursuant to the Offer, provided that
        Parent and Merger Sub shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement
        pursuant to this Section 7.01(b)(i) if the Offer is terminated or
        expires without Shares having been accepted for exchange as a result of
        a breach by Parent or Merger Sub of this Agreement;

                                       A-41

             (ii) the Offer has not been consummated on or before June 30, 2001
        (the "End Date"); provided, however, that the right to terminate this
        Agreement under this Section 7.01(b)(ii) shall not be available to any
        party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of or
        resulted in the failure of the Offer to have been consummated on or
        before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach
        of this Agreement;

             (iii) there shall be any applicable law or regulation that makes
        consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or any
        judgment, injunction, order or decree of any Governmental Entity having
        competent jurisdiction enjoining Company or Parent from consummating the
        Merger is entered and such judgment, injunction, judgment or order shall
        have become final and nonappealable;

          (c) at any time prior to the Appointment Time, by Parent if a
     Triggering Event shall have occurred;

          (d) at any time prior to the Appointment Time, by Company, prior to
     acceptance for payment of Shares in the Offer, to enter into a letter of
     intent or similar document or any agreement, contract or commitment with
     respect to an Acquisition Proposal, provided that, (i) Company is not in
     breach of its obligations under this Section 7.01(d) and under Section 5.03
     hereof and continues to comply with all such obligations in all respects,
     (ii) the Board of Directors of Company has authorized, subject to complying
     with the terms of this Agreement, Company to enter into a definitive
     written agreement for a transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal,
     (iii) Company notifies Parent in writing that Company has received a
     Superior Proposal and intends to enter into a definitive agreement with
     respect to such Superior Proposal, attaching the most current version of
     such agreement to such notice, (iv) Parent does not make, within five (5)
     business days after receipt of Company's written notice of its intention to
     enter into a definitive agreement for a Superior Proposal, any offer that
     the Board of Directors of Company in good faith determines, after
     consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized standing and
     its outside legal counsel, is at least as favorable to Company's
     stockholders as such Superior Proposal, (v) during such period Company has
     fully cooperated with Parent, including, without limitation, informing
     Parent of the terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal, and the
     identity of the person making such Superior Proposal, with the intent of
     enabling both parties to agree to a modification of the terms and
     conditions of this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby
     may be effected, (vi) prior to Company's termination pursuant to this
     Section 7.01(d), Company pays to Parent the termination fee required by
     Section 8.03, and (vii) immediately following such termination Company
     enters into a definitive agreement to effect the Superior Proposal.

          (e) at any time prior to the Appointment Time, by Company, upon a
     material breach of any covenant or agreement on the part of Parent set
     forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Parent
     shall have been untrue or inaccurate when made or shall have become untrue
     or inaccurate such that, in the aggregate, in the case of such
     representations and warranties, such untruths or inaccuracies would
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent;
     provided, that if such untruth or inaccuracy in Parent's representations
     and warranties or breach by Parent is curable by Parent through exercise of
     its commercially reasonable efforts, then Company may not terminate this
     Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) until the earlier of (i) the
     expiration of a thirty (30) day period after delivery of written notice
     from Company to Parent of such untruth or inaccuracy or breach, or (ii)
     Parent ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such
     untruth or inaccuracy or breach, provided, that Parent continues to
     exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such untruth or inaccuracy
     or breach (it being understood that Company may not terminate this
     Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) if such untruth or inaccuracy or
     breach by Parent is cured during such thirty-day period); or

          (f) at any time prior to the Appointment Time, by Parent, upon a
     material breach of any covenant or agreement on the part of Company set
     forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Company
     shall have been untrue or inaccurate when made or shall have become

                                       A-42

     untrue or inaccurate such that Merger Sub would not have been required to
     accept for exchange any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer by virtue of
     clause (b) or (c) of the seventh condition of Annex I hereto if the
     expiration of the Offer had occurred on such date, provided, that if such
     untruth or inaccuracy in Company's representations and warranties or breach
     by Company is curable by Company through exercise of its commercially
     reasonable efforts, then Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant
     to this Section 7.01(f) until the earlier of (i) the expiration of a thirty
     (30) day period after delivery of written notice from Parent to Company of
     such untruth or inaccuracy or breach, or (ii) Company ceasing to exercise
     commercially reasonable efforts to cure such untruth or inaccuracy or
     breach, provided, that Company continues to exercise commercially
     reasonable efforts to cure such untruth or inaccuracy or breach (it being
     understood that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
     Section 7.01(f) if such untruth or inaccuracy or breach by Company is cured
     during such thirty-day period).

     
For purposes of this Agreement, a "Triggering Event" shall be deemed to
have occurred if: (i) the Board of Directors of Company or any committee thereof
shall have approved or recommended to Company stockholders any Acquisition
Proposal other than the Offer and the Merger, (ii) the Board of Directors of
Company or any committee thereof shall for any reason have withheld, withdrawn,
modified or changed in a manner adverse to Parent, or failed to make, its
Recommendations; (iii) Company shall have failed to include in the Offer
Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 or the Post-Effective Amendment the
Recommendations; (iv) the Board of Directors of Company shall have failed to
reaffirm the Recommendations within ten (10) business days after Parent requests
in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed at any time following the
announcement and during the pendency of an Acquisition Proposal; (v) Company
shall have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any
agreement, contract or commitment (other than a confidentiality agreement as
permitted by Section 5.03(b)) accepting any Acquisition Proposal; (vi) a tender
or exchange offer relating to 15% or more of the Shares shall have been
commenced by a person unaffiliated with Parent, and Company shall not have sent
to its securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities
Act, within ten (10) business days after such tender or exchange offer is first
published sent or given, a statement disclosing that Company recommends
rejection of such tender or exchange offer or (vii) Company shall have breached
any of the terms of Section 5.03 of this Agreement in any material aspect.

     
The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
7.01 (other than pursuant to Section 7.01(a)) shall give notice of such
termination to the other party.

     
SECTION 7.02  Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination.
Any termination
of this Agreement under Section 7.01 will be effective immediately upon (or in
the case of termination pursuant to Section 7.01(e) or 7.01(f), on the date
specified therein) the delivery of written notice thereof by the terminating
party to the other parties hereto.
In the event of the termination of this
Agreement as provided in Section 7.01, this Agreement shall be of no further
force or effect, except (i) as set forth in this Section 7.02, Section 7.03 and
Article VIII (General Provisions), each of which shall survive the termination
of this Agreement, and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party from
liability for any intentional or willful breach of this Agreement.
No
termination of this Agreement shall affect the obligations of the parties
contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, all of which obligations shall
survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with their terms.

     
SECTION 7.03  Fees and Expenses.

     
(a) General.
Except as set forth in this Section 7.03, all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such fees and expenses
whether or not the Merger is consummated; provided, however, that Parent and
Company shall share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys' and
accountants fees and expenses, incurred in connection with the printing and
filing (with the SEC) of the Offer Documents, Schedule 14D-9, Registration
Statement, Post-Effective Amendment and Company Proxy Statement (including any
preliminary materials related thereto and including the financial statements
included therein

                                       A-43

and exhibits thereto) and any amendments or supplements thereto and any fees
required to be paid under the HSR Act.

     (b) Company Payments.

          
(i) Company shall pay to Parent in immediately available funds an
     amount in cash equal to $15,000,000 (the "Termination Fee") (A) within one
     (1) business day after demand by Parent if this Agreement is terminated by
     Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c) and (B) prior to any termination of this
     Agreement by Company pursuant to Section 7.01(d).

          (ii) Company shall pay Parent in immediately available funds, within
     one (1) business day after demand by Parent, an amount in cash equal to the
     Termination Fee, if this Agreement is terminated by Parent or Company, as
     applicable, pursuant to Sections 7.01(b)(i) or (ii) prior to which no
     Triggering Event has occurred, if (A) if following the date hereof and
     prior to such termination of this Agreement, an Acquisition Proposal shall
     have been publicly announced or shall have become publicly known and shall
     not have been unconditionally and publicly withdrawn prior to the date that
     is one (1) business day prior to the date of any such termination by Parent
     or that is five (5) business days prior to the date of any such termination
     by Company, and (B) within nine (9) months following such termination of
     this Agreement, either (1) a Company Acquisition (as defined below) is
     consummated, or (2) Company enters into a definitive agreement or binding
     letter of intent providing for a Company Acquisition and such Company
     Acquisition is later consummated.

          (iii) Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this
     Section 7.03(b) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent would not enter
     into this Agreement; accordingly, if Company fails to pay in a timely
     manner the amounts due pursuant to this Section 7.03(b) and, in order to
     obtain such payment, Parent makes a claim that results in a judgment
     against Company for the amounts set forth in this Section 7.03(b), Company
     shall pay to Parent its reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable
     attorneys' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit, together with
     interest on the amounts set forth in this Section 7.03(b) at the prime rate
     of The Chase Manhattan Bank in effect on the date such payment was required
     to be made.
Payment of the fees described in this Section 7.03(b) shall not
     be in lieu of damages incurred in the event of breach of this Agreement.

     
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Company Acquisition" shall mean any of
the following transactions (other than the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement): (i) a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Company pursuant to
which the stockholders of Company immediately preceding such transaction hold
less than 50% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving or resulting
entity of such transaction or a parent entity following such transaction, (ii) a
sale or other disposition by Company of a business or assets representing 50% or
more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of Company
immediately prior to such sale, or (iii) the acquisition by any person or group
(including by way of a tender offer or an exchange offer or issuance by
Company), directly or indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire
beneficial ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power
of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Company.

     
SECTION 7.04  Amendment.
Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be
amended by the parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of Parent and Company.

     
SECTION 7.05  Extension; Waiver.
At any time prior to the Effective Time,
any party hereto may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto,
(ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such
party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii)
waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of
such party contained herein.
Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing

                                       A-44

signed on behalf of such party.
Delay in exercising any right under this
Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right.

                                  
ARTICLE VIII

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     SECTION 8.01  Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties.
The
representations and warranties of Company, Parent and Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to Article
VI or Annex I hereto shall terminate at the Effective Time, and only the
covenants that by their terms survive the Effective Time shall survive the
Effective Time.

     
SECTION 8.02  Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given on the day of delivery if delivered
personally or sent via telecopy (receipt confirmed) or on the second business
day after being sent if delivered by commercial delivery service, to the parties
at the following addresses or telecopy numbers (or at such other address or
telecopy numbers for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

       (i) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

       Sybase, Inc.
       6475 Christie Avenue
       Emeryville, CA 94608
       Attention: John Chen
                  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
          Telecopy No.: (510) 922-3210

          with a copy to:

          Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
          Professional Corporation
          650 Page Mill Road
          Palo Alto, CA 94304
          Attention: Larry W. Sonsini, Esq.
          
Telecopy No: (650) 493-6811

          and a copy to:

          Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
          Professional Corporation
          One Market, Spear Street Tower, Suite 3300
          San Francisco, CA 94105
          Attention: Michael J. Kennedy, Esq.
                     Michael S. Dorf, Esq.
          Telecopy No.: (415) 947-2099

          if to Company, to:

          New Era of Networks, Inc.
          One Greenwood Plaza
          6550 S. Greenwood Plaza Blvd.
          
Englewood, CO 80111
          Attention: George F. Adam
                     Chief Executive Officer
          Telecopy No.: (303) 694-3885

                                       A-45

          with a copy to:

          Cooley Godward LLP
          380 Interlocken Crescent, Suite 900
          Broomfield, CO 80021-8023
          Attention: James H. Carroll, Esq.
                     Michael L. Platt, Esq.
          
Telecopy No.: (720) 566-4099

     SECTION 8.03  Interpretation.
(a) When a reference is made in this
Agreement to Exhibits, such reference shall be to an Exhibit to this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to a
Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement.
Unless
otherwise indicated the words "include," "includes" and "including" when used
herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words "without
limitation."
The  and headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.
When reference is made herein to "the business
of" an entity, such reference shall be deemed to include the business of all
direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity.
Reference to the subsidiaries
of an entity shall be deemed to include all direct and indirect subsidiaries of
such entity.

     
(b)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Person" shall mean any
individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture,
estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or joint stock
company), firm or other enterprise, association, organization, entity or
Governmental Entity.

     
(c) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Knowledge" means with respect
to a party hereto, with respect to any matter in question, that any of the
officers or directors of such party has actual knowledge of such matter, after
reasonable inquiry of such matter.

     
(d)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Material Adverse Effect" when
used in connection with an entity means any change, event, violation,
inaccuracy, circumstance or effect, individually or when aggregated with other
changes, events, violations, inaccuracies, circumstances or effects, that is or
is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, assets (including
intangible assets), capitalization, financial condition or results of operations
of such entity and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, however, that in
no event shall any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to
constitute, nor shall any of the following be taken into account in determining
whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect on any entity: (i)
any change in such entity's stock price or trading volume in and of itself; or
(ii) any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that such
entity successfully bears the burden of proving results from changes affecting
any of the industries in which such entity operates generally or the United
States economy generally (which changes in each case do not disproportionately
affect such entity); or (iii) any change, event, violation, inaccuracy,
circumstance or effect that such entity successfully bears the burden of proving
results from the public announcement or pendency of the transactions
contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, cancellations of or delays
in customer orders, reductions in sales, or disruptions or losses of existing or
prospective customer, distributor, supplier, partner or similar relationships),
other than the loss of employees or litigation.

     
SECTION 8.04  Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all
parties need not sign the same counterpart.

     
SECTION 8.05  Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement
and the documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto
as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Company Schedule and the
Parent Schedule (a) constitute the entire agreement among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof, it being understood, however, that the Confidentiality
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the Closing and

                                       A-46

shall survive any termination of this Agreement; and (b) except with respect to
the Indemnified Parties under Section 5.14, are not intended to confer upon any
other person any rights or remedies hereunder.

     
SECTION 8.06  Severability.
In the event that any provision of this
Agreement, or the application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of
this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and the application of
such provision to other persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as
reasonably to effect the intent of the parties hereto.
The parties further agree
to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid
and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the
economic, business and other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision.

     
SECTION 8.07  Other Remedies; Specific Performance.
Except as otherwise
provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party
will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred
hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any
one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy.
The parties
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached.
It is accordingly agreed that the
parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.
In any action at law or suit in equity to enforce this Agreement or the
rights of any of the parties hereunder, the prevailing party in such action or
suit shall be entitled to receive a reasonable sum for its attorneys' fees and
all other reasonable costs and expenses incurred in such action or suit.

     
SECTION 8.08  Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of
law thereof.

     
SECTION 8.09  Rules of Construction.
The parties hereto agree that they
have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this
Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding
or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other
document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or
document.

     
SECTION 8.10  Assignment.
No party may assign either this Agreement or any
of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
approval of the other parties.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and permitted assigns.

     
SECTION 8.11  Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH OF PARENT, COMPANY AND MERGER SUB
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING
OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF PARENT, COMPANY OR MERGER SUB IN
THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

         
[The Remainder of this Page Has Been Intentionally Left Blank]

                                       A-47

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their duly authorized respective officers as of the date first
written above.

                                          
SYBASE, INC.

                                          
By: /s/
JOHN S. CHEN
                                            ------------------------------------
                                          Name: John S. Chen
                                          Title: President, Chief Executive
                                                 Officer and Chairman of the
                                                 Board

                                          NEEL ACQUISITION CORP.

                                          
By: /s/
DANIEL R. CARL
                                            ------------------------------------
                                          Name: Daniel R. Carl
                                          Title: Secretary

                                          NEW ERA OF NETWORKS, INC.

                                          
By: /s/ GEORGE F. ADAM
                                            ------------------------------------
                                          Name: George F. Adam
                                          Title: Chief Executive Officer and
                                                 Chairman of the Board

                      
[Signature Page to Merger Agreement]

                                       A-48

                                    ANNEX I

                            CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER

     Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, subject to the terms of
this Agreement, Merger Sub shall not be required to accept for exchange or
exchange or deliver any shares of Parent Common Stock for (subject to any
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the
Exchange Act (relating to Merger Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered
Shares after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer))
any Shares tendered,
if by the expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended in accordance with the
requirements of Section 1.01), (1) the Minimum Condition shall not have been
satisfied, (2) the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act shall not have
expired or been terminated, (3) the Registration Statement shall not have become
effective under the Securities Act or shall be the subject of any stop order or
proceedings seeking a stop order, (4) the shares of Parent Common Stock to be
issued in the Offer and the Merger shall not have been approved for listing on
Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance, and shall not be exempt from
such requirement under then applicable laws, regulations and rules of The Nasdaq
Stock Market, Inc., (5) Parent shall not have received (including the receipt
and subsequent recission of) an opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
Professional Corporation, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Parent and to Company, on the basis of customary facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, to the effect that, although there is
limited authority, the Transaction will be treated for federal income tax
purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
(6) Company shall not have received (including the receipt and subsequent
rescission of) an opinion of Cooley Godward LLP in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent and to Company, on the basis of customary facts,
representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion, to the effect that,
although there is limited authority, the Transaction will be treated for federal
income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Code; provided, however, that if Cooley Godward LLP does not render such
opinion, this condition shall nonetheless be deemed to be satisfied if Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, renders such opinion to
Company, or (7) at any time on or after the date of this Agreement and prior to
the acceptance for exchange of Shares pursuant to the Offer, any of the
following conditions exist and are continuing:

          (a) there shall have been any action taken, or any statute, law,
     ordinance, rule, regulation, injunction, judgment, order or decree
     proposed, entered, enacted, enforced, promulgated, issued or deemed
     applicable to the Offer or the Merger by any Governmental Entity, other
     than the application of the waiting period provisions of the HSR Act to the
     Offer or the Merger, or there shall be pending any action, suit or
     proceeding by any Governmental Entity against Parent, Company, Merger Sub
     or any of their respective subsidiaries, that, in the reasonable judgment
     of Parent, is likely, directly or indirectly, to (i) prohibit, or make
     illegal, the acceptance for payment of or payment for Shares or the
     consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (ii) render Merger Sub unable to
     accept for payment or pay for some or all of the Shares, (iii) impose
     material limitations on the ability of Parent effectively to exercise full
     rights of ownership of the Shares, including the right to vote the Shares
     purchased by it on all matters properly presented to Company's
     stockholders, (iv) prohibit or impose any material limitations on Parent's
     direct or indirect ownership or operation (or that of any of its
     affiliates) of all or a material portion of their or Company's businesses
     or assets, (v) compel Parent or its affiliates to dispose of or hold
     separate any portion of the business or assets of Company or Parent and
     their respective subsidiaries which would be material in the context of
     Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (vi) oblige Company, Parent
     or any of their respective subsidiaries to pay material damages in
     connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement or (vii)
     otherwise constitute a Material Adverse Effect on Company or, as a result
     of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, Parent.

          (b) Company shall have materially breached any of its covenants,
     obligations or agreements under this Agreement; or

                                       A-49

          (c) the representations and warranties of Company contained in this
     Agreement (i) shall not have been true and correct in all material respects
     as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) shall not be true and correct in
     all respects on and as of the date of the expiration of the Offer with the
     same force and effect as if made or as of such date, except, with respect
     to clause (ii), (A) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not
     constitute a Material Adverse Effect on Company; provided, however, that
     such Material Adverse Effect qualifier shall be inapplicable with respect
     to representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.03, 2.07(b),
     2.15, 2.17, 2.20, 2.21, 2.22 and 2.25, each of which individually shall
     have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this
     Agreement and shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as
     of the date of the expiration of the Offer, (B) for changes contemplated by
     this Agreement, and (C) for those representations and warranties which
     address matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall
     have been true and correct (subject to the Material Adverse Effect and
     materiality qualifications and limitations set forth in the preceding
     clause (A)) as of such particular date) (it being understood that, for
     purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and
     warranties, (x) all "Material Adverse Effect" and materiality
     qualifications and other qualifications based on the word "material" or
     similar phrases contained in such representations and warranties shall be
     disregarded, and (y) any update of or modification to the Company Schedule
     made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall
     be disregarded).

          
(d) any Severance Agreement Amendment or the Rights Plan Amendment
     shall fail to be in full force and effect.

          
(e) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with
     its terms.

     
The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Parent and Merger Sub
and may, subject to the terms of this Agreement, be waived by Parent and Merger
Sub, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, in the sole
discretion of Parent and Merger Sub.
The failure by Parent and Merger Sub at any
time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any
such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right which may be
asserted at any time and from time to time.

                                       A-50

                                                                         ANNEX B

                         COMPANY STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT

     THIS COMPANY STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of February 20, 2001 by and between Sybase, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), and the undersigned stockholder and/or option holder (the
"Stockholder") of New Era of Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company").

                                   
RECITALS:

     A. Parent, the Company and Merger Sub (as defined below) have entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Reorganization Agreement"), which
provides for the exchange offer (the "Offer") to exchange shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") for all of
the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
("Company Common Stock"), of the Company (the "Shares") and the merger (the
"Merger") of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub") with and into
the Company, pursuant to which all outstanding capital stock of the Company will
be converted into the right to receive common stock of Parent, as set forth in
the Reorganization Agreement.

     
B.
The Stockholder is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) of such
number of shares of the outstanding capital stock of the Company, and such
number of shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon the exercise of
outstanding options and warrants, as is indicated on the signature page of this
Agreement.

     
C.
In order to induce the execution of the Reorganization Agreement by
Parent, the Stockholder (solely in his or her capacity as such, but not in any
other capacity, including as director or officer of the Company) has agreed to
tender in the Offer and vote the Shares (as defined below) and such other shares
of capital stock of the Company over which the Stockholder has voting power, so
as to facilitate consummation of the Merger.

     
NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:

     1.
Certain Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall
have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Reorganization Agreement.

For all purposes of and under this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following respective meanings:

          (a) "Expiration Date" shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) such date
     and time as the Reorganization Agreement shall have been validly terminated
     pursuant to its terms, or (ii) such date and time as the Merger shall
     become effective in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in
     the Reorganization Agreement.

          
(b) "Person" shall mean any individual, any corporation, limited
     liability company, general or limited partnership, business trust,
     unincorporated association or other business organization or entity, or any
     governmental authority.

          
(c) "Shares" shall mean: (i) all securities of the Company (including
     all shares of Company Common Stock and all options, warrants and other
     rights to acquire shares of Company Common Stock) owned by the Stockholder
     as of the date of this Agreement, and (ii) all additional securities of the
     Company (including all additional shares of Company Common Stock and all
     additional options, warrants and other rights to acquire shares of Company
     Common Stock) of which the Stockholder acquires beneficial ownership during
     the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
     until the Expiration Date.

          (d) Transfer.
A Person shall be deemed to have effected a "Transfer"
     of a security if such person directly or indirectly (i) sells, pledges,
     encumbers, grants an option with respect to, transfers or
                                       B-1

     otherwise disposes of such security or any interest therein, or (ii) enters
     into an agreement or commitment providing for the sale of, pledge of,
     encumbrance of, grant of an option with respect to, transfer of or
     disposition of such security or any interest therein.

     
2.
Transfer of Shares.

     
(a) Transferee of Shares to be Bound by this Agreement.
The Stockholder
hereby agrees that, at all times during the period commencing with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement until the Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall
not cause or permit any Transfer of any of the Shares to be effected, or
discuss, negotiate or make any offer regarding any Transfer of any of the
Shares, unless each Person to which any such Shares, or any interest therein, is
or may be Transferred shall have (i) executed a counterpart of this Agreement
and a proxy in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (with such modifications as
Parent may reasonably request) (the "Proxy"), and (ii) agreed in writing to hold
such Shares, or such interest therein, subject to all of the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement.

     (b) Transfer of Voting Rights.
The Stockholder hereby agrees that, at all
times commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement until the
Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall not deposit, or permit the deposit of,
any Shares in a voting trust, grant any proxy (other than the Proxy) in respect
of the Shares, or enter into any Stockholder Agreement or similar arrangement or
commitment in contravention of the obligations of the Stockholder under this
Agreement with respect to any of the Shares.

     
3.
Agreement to Vote Shares.
Until the Expiration Date, at every meeting of
stockholders of the Company called with respect to any of the following, and at
every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by
written consent of stockholders of the Company with respect to any of the
following, the Stockholder shall vote, to the extent not voted by the person(s)
appointed under the Proxy, the Shares:

          (a) in favor of approval of the Merger and the adoption and approval
     of the Reorganization Agreement, and in favor of each of the other actions
     contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement and the Proxy and any action
     required in furtherance thereof;

          (b) against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or in
     competition with, consummation of the Merger and the transactions
     contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement;

          (c) against any of the following actions (other than those actions
     that relate to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the
     Reorganization Agreement): (A) any merger, consolidation, business
     combination, sale of assets, reorganization or recapitalization of the
     Company or any subsidiary of the Company with any party, (B) any sale,
     lease or transfer of any significant part of the assets of the Company or
     any subsidiary of the Company, (C) any reorganization, recapitalization,
     dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company or any subsidiary of
     the Company, (D) any material change in the capitalization of the Company
     or any subsidiary of the Company, or the corporate structure of the Company
     or any subsidiary of the Company, or (E) any other action that is intended,
     or could reasonably be expected to, impede, interfere with, delay,
     postpone, discourage or adversely affect the Merger or any of the other
     transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement; and

          (d) in favor of waiving any notice that may have been or may be
     required relating to any reorganization of the Company or any subsidiary of
     the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock
     of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or any sale of assets,
     change of control, or acquisition of the Company or any subsidiary of the
     Company by any other person, or any consolidation or merger of the Company
     or any subsidiary of the Company with or into any other person.


Prior to the Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall not enter into any agreement
or understanding with any person to vote or give instructions in any manner
inconsistent with the terms of this Section 3.

                                       B-2

     4.
Irrevocable Proxy.
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement,
the Stockholder agrees to deliver to Parent the Proxy in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A, which shall be irrevocable to the fullest extent
permissible by applicable law, with respect to the Shares.

     
5.
Agreement to Tender.
The Stockholder hereby agrees to tender, upon the
request of Buyer (and agrees that it will not withdraw), pursuant to and in
accordance with the terms of the Offer, the Shares.
Within five business days
after the commencement of the Offer, each Stockholder shall (x) deliver to the
depositary designated in the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with respect to
the Shares complying with the terms of the Offer, (ii) certificates representing
of the Shares and (iii) all other documents or instruments required to be
delivered pursuant to the terms of the Offer, and/or (y) instruct its broker or
such other person who is the holder of record of any Shares beneficially owned
by such Stockholder to tender such shares for exchange in the Offer pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the Offer.

     
6.
Agreement Not to Exercise Appraisal Rights.
The Stockholder agrees not
to exercise any rights (including, without limitation, under Section 262 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) to demand appraisal of any
Shares which may arise with respect to the Merger.

     
7. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder.
The Stockholder
hereby represents and warrants to Parent that, as of the date hereof and at all
times until the Expiration Date, (i) the Stockholder (and will be, unless
Transferred pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof) the beneficial owner of the shares
of Company Common Stock, and the options, warrants and other rights to purchase
shares of Company Common Stock, set forth on signature page of this Agreement,
with full power to vote or direct the voting of the Shares for and on behalf of
all beneficial owners of the Shares; (ii) the Shares are (and will be, unless
Transferred pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof) free and clear of any liens,
pledges, security interests, claims, options, rights of first refusal, co-sale
rights, charges or other encumbrances of any kind or nature; (iii) the
Stockholder does not beneficially own any securities of the Company other than
the shares of Company Common Stock, and options, warrants and other rights to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock, set forth on the signature page of this
Agreement; (iv) the Stockholder has (and will have, unless Transferred pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof) full power and authority to make, enter into and carry
out the terms of this Agreement and the Proxy; (v) the execution, delivery and
performance by such Stockholder of this Agreement and the consummation by such
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby are within the powers of
such Stockholder and have been duly authorized by all necessary action; (vi) if
this Agreement is being executed in a representative or fiduciary capacity, the
person signing this Agreement has full power and authority to enter into and
perform this Agreement; (vii) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
Agreement of such Stockholder; and (viii) the execution, delivery and
performance by such Stockholder of this Agreement and, subject to compliance
with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended ("HSR
ACT"), and securities laws, as applicable, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, do not and will not (a) violate the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, limited partnership agreement or other organizational
documents, as applicable, of such Stockholder, (b) violate any applicable law,
rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree, (c) require any consent
or other action by any person under, constitute a default under, or give rise to
any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration or to a loss of any
benefit to which such Stockholder is entitled under any provision of any
agreement or other instrument binding on such Stockholder or (d) result in the
imposition of any Encumbrance on any asset of such Stockholder.

     
8.
Legending of Shares.
If so requested by Parent, the Stockholder hereby
agrees that the Shares shall bear a legend stating that they are subject to this
Agreement and to an irrevocable proxy.
Subject to the terms of Section 2 hereof,
the Stockholder hereby agrees that the Stockholder shall not Transfer the Shares
without first having the aforementioned legend affixed to the certificates
representing the Shares.

     
9.
Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force
or effect as of the Expiration Date.

                                       
B-3

     10.
Miscellaneous.

     (a) Waiver.
No waiver by any party hereto of any condition or any breach of
any term or provision set forth in this Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and signed by each party hereto.
The waiver of a condition or any breach
of any term or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of any term or
provision of this Agreement.

     (b) Severability.
In the event that any term, provision, covenant or
restriction set forth in this Agreement, or the application of any such term,
provision, covenant or restriction to any person, entity or set of
circumstances, shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth in this Agreement, and
the application of such terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions to
persons, entities or circumstances other than those as to which it is determined
to be invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and
effect, shall not be impaired, invalidated or otherwise affected and shall
continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law.

     (c) Binding Effect; Assignment.
This Agreement and all of the terms and
provisions hereof shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but,
except as otherwise specifically provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any
of the rights, interests or obligations of the Stockholder may be assigned to
any other Person without the prior written consent of Parent.

     (d) Amendments.
This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented, except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement
executed by each of the parties hereto.

     (e) Specific Performance; Injunctive Relief.
Each of the parties hereto
hereby acknowledges that (i) the representations, warranties, covenants and
restrictions set forth in this Agreement are necessary, fundamental and required
for the protection of Parent and to preserve for Parent the benefits of the
Merger; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are of a special, unique,
and extraordinary character that gives each such representation, warranty,
covenant and restriction a special, unique, and extraordinary value; and (iii) a
breach of any such representation, warranty, covenant or restriction, or any
other term or provision of this Agreement, will result in irreparable harm and
damages to Parent which cannot be adequately compensated by a monetary award.

Accordingly, Parent and the Stockholder hereby expressly agree that in addition
to all other remedies available at law or in equity, Parent shall be entitled to
the immediate remedy of specific performance, a temporary and/or permanent
restraining order, preliminary injunction, or such other form of injunctive or
equitable relief as may be used by any court of competent jurisdiction to
restrain or enjoin any of the parties hereto from breaching any representations,
warranties, covenants or restrictions set forth in this Agreement, or to
specifically enforce the terms and provisions hereof.

     
(f) Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed,
interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision, rule
or principle (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State
of Delaware.

     
(g) Entire Agreement.
This Agreement and the Proxy and the other agreements
referred to in this Agreement set forth the entire agreement and understanding
of Parent and the Stockholder with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof, and supersede all prior discussions, agreements and understandings
between Parent and the Stockholder, both oral and written, with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof.

     
(h) Notices.
All notices and other communications pursuant to this
Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to be sufficient if contained in a
written instrument and shall be deemed given if delivered personally,
telecopied, sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or mailed by
registered or certified

                                       B-4

mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to the respective parties at
the following address (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):

         
If to Parent:

         
Sybase, Inc.
         6475 Christie Avenue
         Emeryville, CA 94608
         Attention: General Counsel
         Telephone No.: (510) 922-3500
         Telecopy No.: (510) 922-3210

         with a copy to:

         Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
         Professional Corporation
         One Market, Spear Street Tower, Suite 3300
         San Francisco, California 94105
         Attention: Michael Kennedy, Esq.
         Telephone No.: (415) 947-2008
         Telecopy No.: (415) 947-2099

         If to the Stockholder:

         To the address for notice set forth on the signature page hereof.

         
with a copy to:

         New Era of Networks, Inc.
         One Greenwood Plaza Blvd.
         
Englewood, CO 80111
         Attention: General Counsel
         Telephone No.: (800) 815-6366
         Telecopy No.: (303) 409-8677

         and to:

         Cooley Godward LLP
         380 Interlocken Crescent
         Suite 900
         Broomfield, CO 80021
         Attention: James H. Carroll, Esq.
         Telephone No.: (720) 566-4000
         Telecopy No.: (720) 566-4099

     (i) Further Assurances.
The Stockholder (solely in his or her capacity as
such, but not in any other capacity including as director or officer of the
Company) shall execute and deliver any additional certificate, instruments and
other documents, and take any additional actions, as Parent may deem necessary
or desirable, in the reasonable opinion of Parent, to carry out and effectuate
the purpose and intent of this Agreement.
The rights and obligations of
Stockholder contained herein are separate from and shall not affect, any rights
and obligations, including any applicable fiduciary duties, that Stockholder may
have under applicable law in such Stockholder's capacity as an officer or
director of the Company.
Any such rights and obligations, including any
applicable fiduciary duties, that Stockholder may have under applicable law in
any such other capacity shall not affect the rights and obligations of
Stockholder contained herein.

     (j) Headings.
The section headings set forth in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement in any manner.

                                       
B-5

     (k) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

                  
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

                                       B-6

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed as of the date first written above.


SYBASE, INC.                                STOCKHOLDER:


By: /s/
JOHN S. CHEN                                   By:
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------
- -----------------------------------------------------      Signature
    Signature of Authorized Signatory

Name: John S. Chen                                     Name:
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------

Title: Chairman, CEO and President                     Title:
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------

                                                       -----------------------------------------------------
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------
                                                       Print Address
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------
                                                       Telephone
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------
                                                       Facsimile No.
                                                       Share beneficially owned:
                                                       ________
shares of Company Common Stock
                                                       ________ shares of Company Common Stock
                                                       issuable upon the exercise of outstanding
                                                       options, warrants or other rights

                    *****COMPANY STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT*****

                                       B-7

                                   EXHIBIT A

                               IRREVOCABLE PROXY

     The undersigned stockholder of New Era of Networks, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby irrevocably (to the fullest extent permitted
by law) appoints the directors on the Board of Directors of Sybase, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and each of them, as the sole and exclusive
attorneys and proxies of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, to vote and exercise all voting and related rights (to the full
extent that the undersigned is entitled to do so) with respect to all of the
shares of capital stock of the Company that now are or hereafter may be
beneficially owned by the undersigned, and any and all other shares or
securities of the Company issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after the
date hereof (collectively, the "Shares") in accordance with the terms of this
Proxy.
The Shares beneficially owned by the undersigned stockholder of the
Company as of the date of this Proxy are listed on the final page of this Proxy.

Upon the execution of this Proxy by the undersigned, any and all prior proxies
given by the undersigned with respect to any Shares are hereby revoked and the
undersigned hereby agrees not to grant any subsequent proxies with respect to
the Shares until after the Expiration Date (as defined below).

     
This Proxy is irrevocable (to the fullest extent permitted by law), is
coupled with an interest and is granted pursuant to that certain Company
Stockholder Agreement of even date herewith by and between Parent and the
undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder Agreement"), and is granted in
consideration of Parent entering into that certain Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization (the "Reorganization Agreement"), by and among Parent, Neel
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Merger Sub"), and the Company, which provides for the merger of Merger
Sub with and into the Company in accordance with its terms (the "Merger").
As
used herein, the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the earlier to occur of (i)
such date and time as the Reorganization Agreement shall have been validly
terminated pursuant to its terms, or (ii) such date and time as the Merger shall
become effective in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the
Reorganization Agreement.

     
The attorneys and proxies named above, and each of them, are hereby
authorized and empowered by the undersigned, at any time prior to the Expiration
Date, to act as the undersigned's attorney and proxy to vote the Shares, and to
exercise all voting, consent and similar rights of the undersigned with respect
to the Shares (including, without limitation, the power to execute and deliver
written consents) at every annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of
stockholders of the Company and in every written consent in lieu of such
meeting:

          (i) in favor of approval of the Merger and the adoption and approval
     of the Reorganization Agreement, and in favor of each of the other actions
     contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement and any action required in
     furtherance thereof;

          (ii) against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or in
     competition with, consummation of the Merger and the transactions
     contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement;

          (iii) against any of the following actions (other than those actions
     that relate to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the
     Reorganization Agreement): (A) any merger, consolidation, business
     combination, sale of assets, reorganization or recapitalization of the
     Company or any subsidiary of the Company with any party, (B) any sale,
     lease or transfer of any significant part of the assets of the Company or
     any subsidiary of the Company, (C) any reorganization, recapitalization,
     dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company or any subsidiary of
     the Company, (D) any material change in the capitalization of the Company
     or any subsidiary of the Company, or the corporate structure of the Company
     or any subsidiary of the Company, or (E) any other action that is intended,
     or could reasonably be expected to, impede, interfere with, delay,
     postpone, discourage or adversely affect the Merger or any of the other
     transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement; and

                                       B-8

          (iv) in favor of waiving any notice that may have been or may be
     required relating to any reorganization of the Company or any subsidiary of
     the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock
     of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or any sale of assets,
     change of control, or acquisition of the Company or any subsidiary of the
     Company by any other person, or any consolidation or merger of the Company
     or any subsidiary of the Company with or into any other person.

     
The attorneys and proxies named above may not exercise this Proxy on any
other matter except as provided above.
The undersigned stockholder may vote the
Shares on all other matters.

     
Any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the
successors and assigns of the undersigned.

                  
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

                                       B-9

     This Proxy is irrevocable (to the fullest extent permitted by law).
This
Proxy shall terminate, and be of no further force and effect, automatically upon
the Expiration Date.


Dated: February 20, 2001
                                          Signature of Stockholder:

                                          Print Name of Stockholder:

                                          Shares beneficially owned:
                                          ________ shares of the Company Common
                                          Stock
                                          ________ shares of the Company Common
                                          Stock
                                          issuable upon the exercise of
                                          outstanding options,
                                          warrants or other rights

                                       B-10

                               The Exchange Agent

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

                           Reorganization Department
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                                  Plaza Level
                               New York, NY 10038

                   Facsimile (for eligible institutions only)

                                 (718) 234-5001

                                   Toll Free:

                                 (877) 777-0800

                             The Information Agent

                    CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                               111 Commerce Road
                              Carlstadt, NJ 07072
                 Banks and Brokers call collect (201) 896-1900
                           All others call Toll Free
                                 (866) 241-2788

                                    PART II

                     INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

ITEM 20.
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.

     
Exculpation.
Section 102(b)(7) of the Delaware General Corporation Law
permits a corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a provision
eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation
or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director, provided that such provision may not eliminate or limit the liability
of a director for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the
corporation or its stockholders, for acts or omissions that are not in good
faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, for
the payment of unlawful dividends, or for any transaction from which the
director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Sybase certificate of
incorporation limits the personal liability of a director to Sybase and its
stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director
to the fullest extent permitted by law.

     
Indemnification.
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
authorizes a court to award, or a corporation's board of directors to indemnify
its directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such
indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities (including
reimbursement for expenses incurred) arising under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.
Article 6 of our bylaws provides for indemnification of our
directors, officers, employees and other agents to the maximum extent permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law.

     
Insurance.
The directors and officers of Sybase are insured under a policy
of directors' and officers' liability insurance.

     
Reorganization Agreement Provisions Relating to Indemnification of NEON
Directors and Officers.
The reorganization agreement provides that, for from and
after the effective time of the merger, Sybase will honor the obligations of
NEON pursuant to indemnification agreements in effect immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger and the terms of NEON's certificate of
incorporation and bylaws to indemnify and hold harmless each person who was a
director or officer of NEON at or prior to the date of the reorganization
agreement from their acts or omissions in those capacities to the extent
provided under the NEON's certificate of incorporation and bylaws in effect at
such time.

     
The reorganization agreement also provides that, for six years from the
effective time of the merger, Sybase shall provide directors' and officers'
liability insurance for each person currently covered by NEON's directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy either by maintaining NEON's current
insurance policy or by purchasing comparable insurance.
The terms of this
insurance policy must be no less favorable than those of the NEON policy in
effect at the effective time, except that in no event will Sybase be required to
expend in any year in excess of 150% of the annual premium that NEON pays for
such insurance as of February 20, 2001 or purchase directors' and officers'
liability tail coverage on terms comparable to those applicable to NEON's
directors and officers covering all periods prior to the effective time of the
merger.


ITEM 21.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

     
(a) List of Exhibits

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
- --------                            -----------

 2.1        Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of February
            20, 2001 among Sybase, NEON and Neel Acquisition Corp.
            (included as Annex A to the Prospectus contained in this
            Registration Statement).

                                       
II-1

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
- --------                            -----------

 2.2        Form of Stockholder Agreement dated as of February 20, 2001
            between Sybase and certain NEON stockholders (included as
            Annex B to the Prospectus contained in this Registration
            Statement).
 
3.1        Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sybase, as amended
            (incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration
            Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 33-75462) filed March 8,
            1994).
 3.2        Bylaws of Sybase, as amended (incorporated by reference to
            the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
            December 31, 1998).
 4.1        Preferred Share Rights Agreement dated as of March 24, 1992
            between Registrant and The First National Bank of Boston, as
            amended, (incorporated by reference to the Company's
            Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 33-81692) filed
            July 18, 1994).
 
5.1*       Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
            Corporation, regarding the validity of the securities being
            registered.
 
8.1*       Form of Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
            Professional Corporation, regarding material federal income
            tax consequences of the offer and the merger.
 
8.2*       Form of Opinion of Cooley Godward LLP regarding material
            federal income tax consequences of the offer and merger.

10.1        1988 Stock Option Plan and Forms of Incentive Stock Option
            Agreements and Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreements, as
            amended(1).

10.2        1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 1991 Foreign
            Subsidiary Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended(2).

10.3        Sybase Key Management Incentive Program(2).

10.4        Sybase, Inc. 401(k) Plan, as amended(3).

10.5        1992 Director Stock Option Plan, as amended(2).
10.6        Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended(2).

10.7        1996 Stock Plan, as amended, and form of Stock Option
            Agreement(2).
10.8        Standard Office Lease dated April 17, 1989 between
            Registrant and P.O. Partners(3).

10.9        Offer Letter dated February 12, 1998 between Michael Gardner
            and Sybase, Inc.(2).

10.10       Form of Indemnification Agreement(2).

10.11       Lease dated October 1, 1992 between JS-Bay Center Associates
            and the Registrant(4).

10.12       Retirement Agreement and General Release dated November 5,
            1998 between Mitchell Kertzman and the Registrant(2).

10.13       Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 7, 1998
            between Sybase, Inc. and Mitchell E. Kertzman(1).

10.14       Agreement of Employment Terms dated as of August 1, 1996
            between Sybase, Inc. and Jack Acosta(1).

10.15       Powersoft Corporation 1984 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as
            amended(5).

10.16       Powersoft Corporation Form of Incentive Option Granted under
            the 1984 Incentive Stock Option Plan(5).

10.17       Powersoft Corporation 1994 Amended and Restated Incentive
            and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan(5).

10.18       Powersoft Corporation Forms of Incentive and Non-Qualified
            Stock Option Granted under the 1994 Amended and Restated
            Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan(5).

10.19       Powersoft Corporation 1994 Amended and Restated Employee
            Stock Purchase Plan(5).

10.20       Form of Statement of Employment Terms(6).

10.21       Form of Amendment No. 1 to Form of Statement of Employment
            Terms(2).

10.22       Retirement Agreement and General Release between Sybase,
            Inc. and Michael Forster dated as of March 11, 1999(1).

                                       
II-2

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
- --------                            -----------

10.23       Employment Agreement between Sybase, Inc. and John S. Chen
            dated as of July 11, 1997(7).

10.24       Office Lease dated March 17, 1998, Building A - Bay Center
            between Sybase, Inc. and JS Bay Center Associates(1).

10.25       Office Lease dated March 17, 1998, Building C - Bay Center
            between Sybase, Inc. and JS Bay Center Associates(1).

10.26       Promissory Note of Eric Miles in favor of Sybase, Inc. dated
            as of January 2, 1998(1).

10.27       Promissory Note of Richard LaBarbera in favor of Sybase,
            Inc. dated as of December 17, 1997(2).

10.28       1999 Nonstatutory Stock Plan, and form of Stock Option
            Agreement(8).

10.29       Severance Agreement and General Release between Sybase, Inc.
            and Michael S. Gardner dated March 26, 1999(8).

10.30       Home Financial Network, Inc. 1995 Stock Plan, and form of
            Stock Option Agreement(9).

10.31*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            George F.
            Adam, Jr., dated February 20, 2001.

10.32*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            Patrick Fortune, dated February 20, 2001.

10.33*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            Frederick T. Horn, dated February 20, 2001.

10.34*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            Peter Hoversten, dated February 20, 2001.

10.35*      Amendment 1 to the Sybase Employment and Non-Solicitation
            Agreement between Sybase and George F. Adam, Jr., dated
            February 16, 2001.

10.36*      Amendment 1 to the Employment and Non-Solicitation Agreement
            between Sybase and Patrick Fortune, dated February 16, 2001.

10.37*      Amendment 1 to the Employment and Non-Solicitation Agreement
            between Sybase and Frederick T. Horn, dated February 16,
            2001.

10.38*      Amendment 1 to the Employment and Non-Solicitation Agreement
            between Sybase and Peter Hoversten, dated February 19, 2001.

21.1*       Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.1*       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors.
23.2*       Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent auditors.

23.3        Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati (included in the
            opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Registration
            Statement).

23.4        Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati (included in the
            opinion filed as Exhibit 8.1 to this Registration
            Statement).

23.5        Consent of Cooley Godward LLP (included in the opinion filed
            as Exhibit 8.2 to this Registration Statement).

23.6*       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, independent
            auditors.

24.1        Power of Attorney (included on pages II-7 and II-8 of this
            Registration Statement).

99.1*       Form of Letter of Transmittal.

99.2*       Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

99.3*       Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, etc.
99.4*       Form of Letter to Clients.

99.5*       Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
            Number on Substitute Form W-9.

99.6*       Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.

- -------------------------
  *  Filed herewith.

 
(1) Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed in response to Item 16(a),
     "Exhibits," of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1997.

                                       
II-3

 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1998.

 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-1 (File No. 33-41549) declared effective on August 13, 1991.

 
(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1992.

 
(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-8 (file no. 33-89334) filed on February 10, 1995.

 
(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1995.

 
(7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
     for the quarter ended September 30, 1997.

 
(8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1999.

 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-8 (file no. 333-95079) filed on January 20, 2000.


ITEM 22.
UNDERTAKINGS.

     
(1) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:

          (a) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being
     made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

             (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the
        Securities Act of 1933;

             (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after
        the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
        post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the
        aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
        in the registration statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
        increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total
        dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was
        registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated
        maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed
        with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the
        changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in
        the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of
        Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement.

             (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan
        of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
        or any material change to such information in the registration
        statement.

          
(b) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the
     Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
     to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered
     therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed
     to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

          (c) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment
     any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
     termination of the offering.

     
(2) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
Act of 1933, each filing of the Registrant's annual report pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable,
each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference
in the registration statement

                                       II-4

shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities
offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be
deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     
(3)(a)
That prior to any public reoffering of the securities registered
hereunder through use of a prospectus which is a part of this registration
statement, by any person or party who is deemed to be an underwriter within the
meaning of Rule 145(c), such reoffering prospectus will contain the information
called for by the applicable registration form with respect to reofferings by
persons who may be deemed underwriters, in addition to the information called
for by the other items of the applicable form.

     
(3)(b) That every prospectus (i) that is filed pursuant to paragraph 3(a)
immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to meet the requirements of Section
10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 and is used in connection with an
offering of securities subject to Rule 415, will be filed as a part of an
amendment to the registration statement and will not be used until such
amendment is effective, and that, for purposes of determining any liability
under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be
deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered
therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be
the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     
(4) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act
and is, therefore, unenforceable.
In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses
incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant
in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public
policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of
such issue.

     
(5) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to respond to requests for
information that is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus pursuant to
Item 4, 10(b), 11 or 13 of this form, within one business day of receipt of such
request, and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or other
equally prompt means.
This includes information contained in documents filed
subsequent to the effective date of the registration statement through the date
of responding to the request.

     
(6) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to supply by means of a
post-effective amendment all information concerning a transaction, and the
company being acquired involved therein, that was not the subject of and
included in the registration statement when it became effective.

                                       
II-5

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant
has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Emeryville, State of
California, on March 15, 2001.

                                          
SYBASE, INC.
                                          (Registrant)

                                          By:       /s/
JOHN S. CHEN
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                        John S. Chen
                                            Chairman of the Board, President and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

     Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
John S. Chen and Pieter Van der Vorst, and each of them, with full power to act
alone without the other, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and
agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this
Registration Statement on Form S-4 and any and all amendments (including
post-effective amendments and other amendments thereto) to such Registration
Statement(s) and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing as he or she could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

                     
SIGNATURE                                     TITLE                     DATE
                     ---------                                     
-----                     
----

                 /s/
JOHN S. CHEN                    Chairman of the Board, President,  March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------       Chief Executive Officer
                   John S. Chen                       (Principal Executive Officer),
                                                               and Director

             /s/
PIETER VAN DER VORST                    Vice President and Chief       March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------    Financial Officer (Principal
               Pieter Van der Vorst                         Financial Officer)

                /s/
MARTIN J. HEALY                    Vice President and Corporate     March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------  Controller (Principal Accounting
                  Martin J. Healy                                Officer)

             /s/
RICHARD C. ALBERDING                            Director               March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------
               Richard C. Alberding

                                                                 Director               March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------
                 L. William Krause

               /s/
ALAN B. SALISBURY                             Director               March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------
                 Alan B. Salisbury

                                       II-6

                     SIGNATURE                                     TITLE                     DATE
                     ---------                                     
-----                     
----

               /s/
ROBERT P. WAYMAN                              Director               March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------
                 Robert P. Wayman

                                                                 Director               March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------
                  Cecilia Claudio

                /s/
LINDA K. YATES                               Director               March 15, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------
                  Linda K. Yates

                                       II-7

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
- --------                            -----------

 2.1        Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of February
            20, 2001 among Sybase, NEON and Neel Acquisition Corp.
            (included as Annex A to the Prospectus contained in this
            Registration Statement).
 
2.2        Form of Stockholder Agreement dated as of February 20, 2001
            between Sybase and certain NEON stockholders (included as
            Annex B to the Prospectus contained in this Registration
            Statement).
 
3.1        Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sybase, as amended
            (incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration
            Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 33-75462) filed March 8,
            1994).
 3.2        Bylaws of Sybase, as amended (incorporated by reference to
            the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
            December 31, 1998).
 4.1        Preferred Share Rights Agreement dated as of March 24, 1992
            between Registrant and The First National Bank of Boston, as
            amended, (incorporated by reference to the Company's
            Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no.
            33-81692) filed July 18, 1994).
 
5.1*       Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
            Corporation, regarding the validity of the securities being
            registered.
 
8.1*       Form of Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
            Professional Corporation, regarding material federal income
            tax consequences of the offer and the merger.
 
8.2*       Form of Opinion of Cooley Godward LLP regarding material
            federal income tax consequences of the offer and merger.

10.1        1988 Stock Option Plan and Forms of Incentive Stock Option
            Agreements and Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreements, as
            amended(1).

10.2        1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 1991 Foreign
            Subsidiary Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended(2).

10.3        Sybase Key Management Incentive Program(2).

10.4        Sybase, Inc. 401(k) Plan, as amended(3).

10.5        1992 Director Stock Option Plan, as amended(2).
10.6        Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended(2).

10.7        1996 Stock Plan, as amended, and form of Stock Option
            Agreement(2).
10.8        Standard Office Lease dated April 17, 1989 between
            Registrant and P.O. Partners(3).

10.9        Offer Letter dated February 12, 1998 between Michael Gardner
            and Sybase, Inc.(2).

10.10       Form of Indemnification Agreement(2).

10.11       Lease dated October 1, 1992 between JS-Bay Center Associates
            and the Registrant(4).

10.12       Retirement Agreement and General Release dated November 5,
            1998 between Mitchell Kertzman and the Registrant(2).

10.13       Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 7, 1998
            between Sybase, Inc. and Mitchell E. Kertzman(1).

10.14       Agreement of Employment Terms dated as of August 1, 1996
            between Sybase, Inc. and Jack Acosta(1).

10.15       Powersoft Corporation 1984 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as
            amended(5).

10.16       Powersoft Corporation Form of Incentive Option Granted under
            the 1984 Incentive Stock Option Plan(5).

10.17       Powersoft Corporation 1994 Amended and Restated Incentive
            and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan(5).

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
- --------                            -----------

10.18       Powersoft Corporation Forms of Incentive and Non-Qualified
            Stock Option Granted under the 1994 Amended and Restated
            Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan(5).

10.19       Powersoft Corporation 1994 Amended and Restated Employee
            Stock Purchase Plan(5).

10.20       Form of Statement of Employment Terms(6).

10.21       Form of Amendment No. 1 to Form of Statement of Employment
            Terms(2).

10.22       Retirement Agreement and General Release between Sybase,
            Inc. and Michael Forster dated as of March 11, 1999(1).

10.23       Employment Agreement between Sybase, Inc. and John S. Chen
            dated as of July 11, 1997(7).

10.24       Office Lease dated March 17, 1998, Building A - Bay Center
            between Sybase, Inc. and JS Bay Center Associates(1).

10.25       Office Lease dated March 17, 1998, Building C - Bay Center
            between Sybase, Inc. and JS Bay Center Associates(1).

10.26       Promissory Note of Eric Miles in favor of Sybase, Inc. dated
            as of January 2, 1998(1).

10.27       Promissory Note of Richard LaBarbera in favor of Sybase,
            Inc. dated as of December 17, 1997(2).

10.28       1999 Nonstatutory Stock Plan, and form of Stock Option
            Agreement(8).

10.29       Severance Agreement and General Release between Sybase, Inc.
            and Michael S. Gardner dated March 26, 1999(8).

10.30       Home Financial Network, Inc. 1995 Stock Plan, and form of
            Stock Option Agreement(9).

10.31*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            George F.
            Adam, Jr., dated February 20, 2001.

10.32*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            Patrick Fortune, dated February 20, 2001.

10.33*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            Frederick T. Horn, dated February 20, 2001.

10.34*      Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Sybase and
            Peter Hoversten, dated February 20, 2001.

10.35*      Amendment 1 to the Sybase Employment and Non-Solicitation
            Agreement between Sybase and George F. Adam, Jr., dated
            February 16, 2001.

10.36*      Amendment 1 to the Employment and Non-Solicitation Agreement
            between Sybase and Patrick Fortune, dated February 16, 2001.

10.37*      Amendment 1 to the Employment and Non-Solicitation Agreement
            between Sybase and Frederick T. Horn, dated February 16,
            2001.

10.38*      Amendment 1 to the Employment and Non-Solicitation Agreement
            between Sybase and Peter Hoversten, dated February 19, 2001.

21.1*       Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.1*       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors.
23.2*       Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent auditors.

23.3        Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati (included in the
            opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Registration
            Statement).

23.4        Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati (included in the
            opinion filed as Exhibit 8.1 to this Registration
            Statement).

23.5        Consent of Cooley Godward LLP (included in the opinion filed
            as Exhibit 8.2 to this Registration Statement).

23.6*       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, independent
            auditors.

24.1        Power of Attorney included on pages II-7 and II-8 of this
            Registration Statement).


EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
- --------                            -----------

99.1*       Form of Letter of Transmittal.

99.2*       Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

99.3*       Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, etc.
99.4*       Form of Letter to Clients.

99.5*       Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
            Number on Substitute Form W-9.

99.6*       Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.

- -------------------------
  *  Filed herewith.

 
(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1997.

 
(2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1998.

 
(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-1 (File No. 33-41549) declared effective on August 13, 1991.

 
(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1992.

 
(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-8 (file no. 33-89334) filed on February 10, 1995.

 
(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1995.

 
(7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
     for the quarter ended September 30, 1997.

 
(8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the year ended December 31, 1999.

 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-8 (File no. 333-95079) filed on January 20, 2000.

EX-5.1

f70198ex5-1.txt

OPINION OF WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI

                                                                     EXHIBIT 5.1

                 
[WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI LETTERHEAD]

                                 March 15, 2001

Sybase, Inc.
6475 Christie Avenue
Emeryville, California 94608

     RE: REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM S-4

     We have examined the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by you
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about March 15, 2001 ("the
Registration Statement") in connection with the registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of up to 15,482,695 shares of your common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), to be issued in exchange for
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "NEON Shares"), of New
Era of Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("NEON"), as described in the
Registration Statement.

     
We assume that the Shares are to be issued in exchange for NEON Shares in a
manner described in the Registration Statement.
As your counsel in connection
with this transaction, we have examined the proceedings taken and are familiar
with the proceedings proposed to be taken by you in connection with the issuance
of the Shares.

     
It is our opinion that the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Registration
Statement, will be legally and validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable.

     
We consent to the use of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement, and further consent to the use of our name whenever appearing in the
Registration Statement, including the prospectus constituting a part thereof,
and any amendments thereto.

                                          
Very truly yours,

                                          WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI
                                          Professional Corporation

                                          /s/
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI

EX-8.1

f70198ex8-1.txt

OPINION OF WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI

                                                                     EXHIBIT 8.1

March   , 2001

Sybase, Inc.
6475 Christie Avenue
Emeryville, CA 94608

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as counsel to Sybase, Inc. ("Sybase"), a Delaware
corporation, in connection with (i) the exchange offer (the "Offer") made by
Neel Acquisition Corp. ("Merger Sub"), a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Sybase, to exchange shares of the common stock of Sybase for
shares of the common stock of New Era of Networks, Inc.
(the "Company"), a
Delaware corporation, and (ii) the proposed merger (the "Merger") among Sybase,
Merger Sub and the Company, in each case pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization (the "Reorganization Agreement") dated as of February 20, 2001,
by and among Sybase, Merger Sub and the Company.
The Merger, the Offer and
certain proposed transactions incident to the Merger and the Offer are described
in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of Sybase (the "Registration
Statement"), which includes the preliminary prospectus of Sybase (the
"Preliminary Prospectus").
This opinion is being rendered pursuant to the
requirements of Item 21(a) of Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Act").
Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Preliminary Prospectus.

     
In connection with this opinion, we have examined and are familiar with the
Reorganization Agreement, the Registration Statement and such other presently
existing documents, records and matters of law as we have deemed necessary or
appropriate for purposes of our opinion.
In addition, we have assumed (i) that
the Offer and the Merger will be consummated in the manner contemplated by the
Preliminary Prospectus and in accordance with the provisions of the
Reorganization Agreement, (ii) the truth and accuracy of the representations and
warranties made by Sybase and the Company in the Reorganization Agreement, (iii)
the truth and accuracy of the certificates of representations provided to us by
Sybase and Merger Sub and by the Company and (iv) such other documents as we
have deemed appropriate.

     
Based upon and subject to the foregoing, in our opinion, the discussion
contained in the Registration Statement under the caption "The Offer -- Material
Federal Income Tax Consequences" accurately sets forth the material federal
income tax consequences generally applicable to the Offer and the Merger.

Because this opinion is being delivered prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger, it must be considered prospective and dependent on future events.
There
can be no assurance that changes in the law will not take place that could
affect the United States federal income tax consequences of the Offer or the
Merger or that contrary positions may not be taken by the Internal Revenue
Service.

     
No opinion is expressed as to any federal income tax consequences of the
Offer and the Merger except as specifically set forth herein, and this opinion
may not be relied upon except with respect to the consequences specifically
discussed herein.


Sybase, Inc.
March   , 2001
Page  2

     This opinion is furnished to you solely for use in connection with the
Registration Statement.
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an
exhibit to the Registration Statement.
We also consent to the reference to our
firm name wherever appearing in the Registration Statement with respect to the
discussion of the material federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the
Merger, including the Preliminary Prospectus constituting a part thereof, and
any amendment thereto.
In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we
are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder, nor do we thereby admit that we are experts with respect to any part
of such Registration Statement within the meaning of the term "experts" as used
in the Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission thereunder.

                                          
Very truly yours,

                                          WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI
                                          PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION

EX-8.2

f70198ex8-2.txt

OPINION COOLEY GODWARD LLP

                                                                     EXHIBIT 8.2

                        [COOLEY GODWARD LLP LETTERHEAD]

March   , 2001

New Era of Networks, Inc.
6550 S. Greenwood Plaza Blvd.

Englewood, CO. 80111

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     This opinion is being delivered to you in connection with the Form S-4
Registration Statement (the "Registration Statement") filed in connection with
(i) the exchange offer (the "Offer") proposed to be made by Sybase, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Neel
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), to exchange shares of
Parent for shares of New Era of Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and (ii) the proposed merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company
(the "Merger"), in each case pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization dated as of February 20, 2001 (the "Reorganization Agreement"),
by and among Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company.
Except as otherwise provided,
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
in the Reorganization Agreement.

     
We have acted as counsel to the Company in connection with the Offer and
the Merger.
As such, and for the purpose of rendering this opinion, we have
examined, and are relying upon (without any independent investigation or review
thereof) the truth and accuracy, at all relevant times, of the statements,
covenants, representations and warranties contained in the following documents
(including all exhibits and schedules attached thereto):

          (a) the Reorganization Agreement;

          (b) the Registration Statement, which includes the Preliminary
     Prospectus of Parent (the "Preliminary Prospectus");

          (c) those certain tax representation letters of even date herewith
     delivered to us by Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and certain related
     parties (the "Tax Representation Letters"); and

          (d) such other instruments and documents related to the formation,
     organization and operation of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company and to the
     consummation of the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement as we have deemed necessary or
     appropriate.

     
In connection with rendering this opinion, we have assumed (without any
independent investigation or review thereof) that:

          (a) Original documents submitted to us (including signatures thereto)
     are authentic, documents submitted to us as copies conform to the original
     documents, and that all such documents have been (or will be by the closing
     of the Offer or the Effective Time of the Merger, as the case may be) duly
     and validly executed and delivered where due execution and delivery are a
     prerequisite to the effectiveness thereof;

          (b) All representations, warranties and statements made or agreed to
     by Parent, Merger Sub and the Company, their managements, employees,
     officers, directors and stockholders in connection with the Offer and the
     Merger, including, but not limited to, those set forth in the
     Reorganization Agreement (including the exhibits thereto) and the Tax
     Representation Letters are true and accurate at all relevant times and any
     representation or statement made "to the knowledge of" or similarly
     qualified is correct without such qualification;

New Era of Networks, Inc.
March   , 2001
Page  2

          (c) All covenants contained in the Reorganization Agreement (including
     exhibits thereto) and the Tax Representation Letters are performed without
     waiver or breach of any material provision thereof; and

          (d)
The opinion of even date herewith rendered by Wilson Sonsini
     Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., to the Parent and filed as Exhibit 8.1 to the
     Registration Statement has been delivered and has not been withdrawn.

     
Based on our examination of the foregoing items and subject to the
limitations, qualifications, assumptions and caveats set forth herein, we
believe that the discussion entitled "Material Federal Income Tax Consequences"
contained in the Preliminary Prospectus, insofar as it relates to statements of
law and legal conclusions, accurately sets forth the material federal income tax
considerations generally applicable to the Offer and the Merger.

     
This opinion does not address the various state, local or foreign tax
consequences that may result from the Offer and the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement.
In addition, no
opinion is expressed as to any federal income tax consequence of the Offer or
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement
except as specifically set forth herein, and this opinion may not be relied upon
except with respect to the consequences specifically discussed herein.

     
No opinion is expressed as to any transaction other than the Offer and the
Merger as described in the Reorganization Agreement, or as to any transaction
whatsoever, including the Offer and the Merger, if any of the representations,
warranties, statements and assumptions material to our opinion and upon which we
have relied are not accurate and complete in all material respects at all
relevant times.

     
This opinion only represents our best judgment as to the federal income tax
consequences of the Offer and the Merger and is not binding on the Internal
Revenue Service or any court of law, tribunal, administrative agency or other
governmental body.
The conclusions are based on the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, existing judicial decisions, administrative regulations and
published rulings.
Because this opinion is being delivered prior to the
Effective Time of the Merger, it must be considered prospective and dependent on
future events.
No assurance can be given that future legislative, judicial or
administrative changes or interpretations would not adversely affect the
accuracy of the conclusions stated herein.
Nevertheless, by rendering this
opinion, we undertake no responsibility to advise you of any new developments in
the application or interpretation of the federal income tax laws.

     
This opinion is being delivered solely in connection with the filing of the
Registration Statement.
It is intended for the benefit of the Company and may
not be relied upon or utilized for any other purpose or by any other person and
may not be made available to any other person without our prior written consent.

     