URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1073353/000091205701007680/0000912057-01-007680.txt


REASONS FOR AND BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER (SEE PAGES 23 TO 31)

    You should review the factors that the Energy East board of directors and
the RGS Energy board of directors considered when deciding whether to approve
the merger.


RECOMMENDATION TO SHAREHOLDERS (SEE PAGES 27 TO 31)

    The RGS Energy board of directors has determined that the merger is in the
best interests of the RGS Energy shareholders and unanimously recommends that
RGS Energy shareholders vote FOR the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement at the RGS Energy annual meeting.

    
The Energy East board of directors has determined that the merger is in the
best interests of the Energy East shareholders and unanimously recommends that
Energy East shareholders vote FOR the issuance of Energy East shares in
connection with the merger at the Energy East annual meeting.


FAIRNESS OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS (SEE PAGES B-1 AND C-1)

    
In deciding to approve the merger, the RGS Energy board of directors
considered, among other things, the opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated, its financial advisor, as to the fairness, from a financial point
of view, of the consideration that RGS Energy shareholders will receive in the
merger.
This opinion is attached as Appendix B to this document and is also
discussed on pages 31 to 37.
In deciding to approve the merger, the Energy East
board of directors considered, among other things, the opinion of UBS Warburg
LLC, its financial advisor, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
to Energy East of the consideration to be paid to RGS shareholders in the
merger.
This opinion is attached as Appendix C to this document and is also
discussed on pages 38 to 43.
We encourage you to read these opinions in their
entirety.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT (SEE PAGE 44)

    
The merger will be accounted for as an acquisition of RGS Energy by Energy
East under the purchase method of accounting in

accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A portion of the
purchase price will be allocated to non-utility assets and liabilities of RGS
Energy based on their estimated fair market values at the date of acquisition.

The assets and liabilities of the regulated utility will not be revalued.
The
difference between the purchase price, representing fair value, and the recorded
amounts will be shown as goodwill on the balance sheet.


REGULATORY APPROVALS (SEE PAGES 44 TO 45)

    
In order to complete the merger, we must receive approvals from and/or make
filings with various federal and state regulatory agencies.
At the federal
level, these approvals include approvals of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission.
In addition, the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act must have expired or been terminated.
At the state
level, regulatory approval must be obtained from the New York State Public
Service Commission prior to completion of the merger.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER (SEE PAGES 46 TO 51)

    
In considering the recommendation of the RGS Energy board of directors to
approve the merger, RGS Energy shareholders should be aware that some members of
the RGS Energy board of directors and RGS Energy management may have interests
in the merger that will be in addition to, or different from, interests of other
RGS Energy shareholders.
For example, Mr. Thomas S. Richards, the current
chairman, president and chief executive officer of RGS Energy, has entered into
an employment agreement with Energy East and RGS Energy under which he will
become chairman, president and chief executive officer of the surviving company
(which will be a subsidiary of Energy East) and will hold officer positions in
other Energy East subsidiaries and Energy East.
In addition, Mr. Richards and
two non-management directors of RGS Energy will become directors of Energy East.

Further, certain employees, including the executive officers, of RGS Energy and
its subsidiaries will receive cash payments under an employee retention program
permitted to be established by RGS Energy, and may receive cash payments and
other benefits under severance agreements with RGS Energy.
Also, RGS Energy's
executive incentive plan will terminate upon completion of the merger and
participants in the plan, including the executive officers of RGS Energy, will
receive a cash payment at that time.
The grantor trust maintained in connection
with supplemental retirement plans of RGS Energy will be fully funded in
anticipation of the completion of the merger.

    
All unvested options granted under RGS Energy's performance stock option
plan will vest upon completion of the merger, option holders will receive cash
payments in exchange for their outstanding and unexercised options, and option
holders will receive cash payments equal to the aggregate dividend equivalents
held with respect to their options.
RGS Energy directors will also receive cash
payments in exchange for stock units they hold.
In addition, all transfer
restrictions on RGS Energy shares owned by officers, directors or employees of
RGS Energy will lapse.

    
The members of the RGS Energy board of directors knew about these additional
interests and the others discussed in "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons
in the Merger" on pages 46 to 51 and considered them when they approved the
merger.


MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER (SEE PAGES 51 TO 55)

    
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to RGS Energy
shareholders will depend on the form of consideration they receive in the
merger.
If you are an RGS Energy shareholder who receives solely Energy East
shares for your RGS Energy shares, you will not recognize any gain or loss for
U.S. federal income tax purposes (except with respect to cash received instead
of fractional shares).
If you are an RGS Energy shareholder who receives part
cash and part Energy East shares, and your adjusted basis in an RGS Energy share
is less than the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value (as of the
date of the merger) of the Energy East shares you receive for the RGS Energy
share, you will recognize a gain.


However, if you realize a loss because your adjusted basis in an RGS Energy
share is greater than the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value,
as of the date of the merger, of the Energy East shares you receive for the RGS
Energy share, the loss will not currently be allowed.
If you are an RGS Energy
shareholder who receives solely cash, gain or loss will generally be recognized
by you to the extent of the difference between the amount of cash you receive
and your adjusted basis in your RGS Energy shares.

    
The consequences described above assume, as expected, that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code.
In order to achieve reorganization status, the number of RGS
Energy shares converted into Energy East shares may need to be increased and the
number of RGS Energy shares converted into cash may need to be decreased.

Instead of increasing the number of RGS Energy shares converted into Energy East
shares and decreasing the number of RGS Energy shares converted into cash, RGS
Energy may elect to change the form of the merger.
If RGS Energy elects to
change the form of the merger, the transaction will not qualify as a
reorganization and generally will be fully taxable to RGS Energy shareholders.

In that event, gain or loss generally will be recognized by each RGS Energy
shareholder to the extent of the difference between (1) the sum of the amount of
cash and the fair market value (as of the date of the merger) of the Energy East
shares received and (2) the RGS Energy shareholder's adjusted basis in such RGS
Energy shares.

    
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU AS AN RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER WILL
DEPEND ON YOUR OWN SITUATION.
YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR FOR A FULL
UNDERSTANDING OF THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU.

    DISSENTERS' RIGHTS OF APPRAISAL OF RGS ENERGY OR ENERGY EAST SHAREHOLDERS
(SEE PAGE 46)

    
There are no dissenters' rights of appraisal for either RGS Energy
shareholders or Energy East shareholders under New York law.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The merger agreement is the legal document that governs the merger.
The
merger agreement is attached as Appendix A to this document, and we encourage
you to read it carefully.


CONVERSION OF RGS ENERGY SHARES (SEE PAGES 56 TO 59)

    
In exchange for each of their RGS Energy shares, RGS Energy shareholders may
elect to receive $39.50 in cash, a number of Energy East shares valued at
$39.50, subject to restrictions on the maximum and minimum number of Energy East
shares to be issued, or a combination of cash and Energy East shares.
The number
of Energy East shares to be exchanged for each RGS Energy share will be between
1.7626 and 2.3838, based on the average closing price of Energy East shares
during the 20-trading-day period ending two trading days before the effective
time of the merger.
If the average closing price of an Energy East share over
such period is more than $22.41, then the value of the Energy East shares
delivered to RGS Energy shareholders in exchange for each RGS Energy share will
be more than $39.50, and if the average closing price of an Energy East share
over such period is less than $16.57, then the value of the Energy East shares
delivered to RGS Energy shareholders in exchange for each RGS Energy share will
be less than $39.50.

    
Under the merger agreement, 55% of the RGS Energy shares must be exchanged
for cash and 45% must be exchanged for Energy East shares, subject to possible
adjustments for tax reasons.
Therefore, if RGS Energy shareholders owning more
than 55% of the RGS Energy shares elect to receive cash, the number of RGS
Energy shares that will be converted into cash will be less than the number
elected.
Similarly, if RGS Energy shareholders owning more than 45% of the RGS
Energy shares elect to receive Energy East shares, the number of RGS Energy
shares that will be converted into Energy East shares will be less than the
number elected.


CERTAIN COVENANTS (SEE PAGES 60 TO 62)

    RGS Energy has agreed not to solicit or encourage any proposal from any
person to acquire RGS Energy or its assets, but it may

respond, in certain circumstances, to unsolicited proposals that it receives.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER (SEE PAGES 67 TO 68)

    
Completion of the merger depends upon satisfaction of a number of
conditions.
In addition to customary conditions relating to each of the parties
complying with the merger agreement, these conditions include the following:

    - approval and adoption of the merger agreement by RGS Energy shareholders;

    - approval of the issuance of Energy East shares in connection with the
      merger by Energy East shareholders;

    - absence of any injunction or other legal restraint blocking the merger, or
      of any applicable federal or state law or regulation prohibiting the
      merger;

    - the SEC declaring effective, and the absence of a suspension by the SEC of
      the effectiveness of, the registration statement with respect to the
      Energy East shares to be issued in the merger;

    - the New York Stock Exchange approving for listing the Energy East shares
      to be issued in the merger;

    - all regulatory approvals being obtained on terms that would not be
      reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on Energy East or
      RGS Energy;

    - the absence of any material adverse event with respect to Energy East or
      RGS Energy; and

    - Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz furnishing to Energy East, and Shearman &
      Sterling furnishing to RGS Energy, opinions to the effect that the merger
      will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
      of the Internal Revenue Code.
However, this condition will be waived if
      RGS Energy elects, as it may do under certain circumstances, to have the
      merger restructured so that RGS Energy will be the surviving company (see
      "The Merger Agreement--Conversion of RGS Energy Shares--Tax Adjustment" on
      pages 57 to 58).

    
The merger will occur, and if you are an RGS Energy shareholder your RGS
Energy shares will be converted into the right to receive cash, Energy East
shares or a combination of cash and Energy East shares, on the second business
day after all of the conditions in the merger agreement are satisfied or waived.


TERMINATION (SEE PAGES 68 TO 71)

    
The merger agreement may be terminated, and the merger abandoned, in the
following circumstances:

    - if we mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement;

    - by either of us, if the merger is not completed by February 16, 2002 (or
      November 16, 2002, if the only condition to closing not satisfied by
      February 16, 2002 is that the requisite regulatory approvals have not been
      obtained);

    - by either of us if either the RGS Energy shareholders do not approve and
      adopt the merger agreement or Energy East shareholders do not approve the
      issuance of Energy East shares in connection with the merger, in either
      case by February 16, 2002;

    - by either of us if any law or regulation prohibits the merger, or if a
      court issues a final, non-appealable order blocking the merger;

    - by RGS Energy, prior to its shareholders' approval of the merger
      agreement, upon three days' notice to Energy East, if RGS Energy receives
      a competing acquisition proposal, in response to which the RGS Energy
      board of directors determines, after consultation with outside counsel,
      that failure to accept the competing acquisition proposal would likely
      result in a breach of its directors' fiduciary duties, and concludes in
      good faith that the person making the competing acquisition proposal has
      obtained or can obtain any necessary financing and that such proposal
      would be financially superior to the merger.
However, before RGS Energy
      can terminate the merger agreement, it must consider in good faith any
      proposal

      made by Energy East to enable RGS Energy to proceed with the merger.

    - by either of us, if the other party materially breaches the merger
      agreement and fails to cure the breach;

    - by RGS Energy, if the Energy East board of directors withdraws its
      approval or recommendation of the issuance of Energy East shares in
      connection with the merger; or

    - by Energy East, if the RGS Energy board of directors withdraws its
      approval or recommendation of the merger agreement, fails to reaffirm its
      approval or recommendation of the merger agreement within seven days of
      Energy East's request, approves a competing acquisition proposal or
      resolves to take any of these actions.

    
If either Energy East or RGS Energy materially breaches the merger agreement
and the other party consequently terminates the agreement, the breaching party
must pay the other party up to $10 million in expenses and fees.
Moreover, if
the merger agreement is terminated for any of the following reasons:

    - the RGS Energy board of directors decides to pursue an alternative
      acquisition proposal;

    - (1) RGS Energy shareholders fail to approve the merger agreement,
      (2) there is an alternative acquisition proposal outstanding at the time
      of the RGS Energy shareholder meeting and (3) RGS Energy enters into a
      definitive agreement to complete or actually does complete a business
      combination within twelve months after the termination of the merger
      agreement; or

    - (1) the RGS Energy board of directors withdraws its approval or
      recommendation of the merger agreement or fails to reaffirm its approval
      or recommendation within seven days of Energy East's request, or approves
      or recommends any alternative acquisition proposal, or resolves to take
      any of the above actions, (2) there is an alternative acquisition proposal
      outstanding at the time of the termination of the merger agreement and
      (3) RGS Energy enters into a definitive agreement to complete or actually
      does complete a business combination within twelve months of the
      termination,

then RGS Energy must pay Energy East $50 million in addition to fees and
expenses of up to $10 million.

    
Furthermore, if

    (1) Energy East shareholders fail to approve the issuance of Energy East
    shares in connection with the merger, (2) there is an alternative
    acquisition proposal with respect to Energy East outstanding at the time of
    the Energy East shareholders meeting, (3) the person or persons that made
    the alternative acquisition proposal conditioned it on Energy East
    shareholders failing to approve the issuance of Energy East shares in
    connection with the merger, and (4) Energy East enters into a definitive
    agreement to complete or actually does complete a business combination
    within twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement,

then Energy East must pay RGS Energy $50 million in addition to fees and
expenses of up to $10 million.

    
If a breach by either party is willful, the merger agreement does not limit
the amount of damages, expenses and fees a nonbreaching party who terminates the
merger agreement may seek.

    
COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS AND ENERGY EAST SHAREHOLDERS
(SEE PAGES 79 TO 84)

    
Energy East and RGS Energy are both organized under the laws of the State of
New York.
Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of RGS Energy
shares and Energy East shares arise exclusively from the differences in their
respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws.
If you receive Energy East
shares in the merger, your rights as an Energy East shareholder will be governed
by Energy East's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
These rights differ in
certain respects from the current rights of RGS Energy shareholders, which are
governed by RGS Energy's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

          
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

    Energy East shares are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "EAS."
RGS Energy shares are listed and traded on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol "RGS."

    
The following table provides trading and dividend information for Energy
East shares and RGS Energy shares for the periods indicated, based on a calendar
year.
All of the prices set forth in this section and the next section are as
reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape, based on
published financial sources.

                                                 
ENERGY EAST SHARES                     RGS ENERGY SHARES
                                        ------------------------------------   
------------------------------------
                                                              CASH DIVIDENDS                         CASH DIVIDENDS
                                          HIGH       LOW        PER SHARE        HIGH       LOW        PER SHARE
                                        --------   
--------   --------------   
--------   --------   --------------

  First Quarter......................    $28.63     $24.56         $.21         $31.56     $25.44         $.45
  Second Quarter.....................     
28.13      24.75          .21          28.44      25.25          .45
  Third Quarter......................     
27.06      22.63          .21          27.31      24.06          .45
  Fourth Quarter.....................     25.75      20.56          .21          25.50      20.00          .45

  First Quarter......................     23.63      18.81          .22          21.88      18.69          .45
  Second Quarter.....................     22.94      19.00          .22          24.50      20.50          .45
  Third Quarter......................     23.50      17.94          .22          28.38      22.25          .45
  Fourth Quarter.....................     22.63      18.44          .22          33.31      27.38          .45

  First Quarter (through March 14,
    2001)............................     
20.31      17.39          .23          36.91      27.75          .45

Per share amounts for Energy East have been restated to reflect Energy East's
two-for-one stock split, effective April 1, 1999.

-
------------------------

    The following table shows the closing prices for Energy East shares and RGS
Energy shares on February 16, 2001, the last full trading day before the public
announcement of the proposed transactions, and on       , 2001, the most recent
date for which quotations were available prior to the printing of this document.

                                                    
ENERGY EAST SHARES               RGS ENERGY SHARES
                                              ------------------------------   ------------------------------
                    DATE                        HIGH       LOW       CLOSE       HIGH       LOW       CLOSE
                    ----                      
--------   --------   --------   --------   --------   
--------

February 16, 2001...........................   $19.74     $19.07     $19.14     $33.26     $32.30     $33.10
          , 2001............................

    
The number of Energy East shares to be exchanged for each RGS Energy share
in the merger will depend on the value of Energy East shares during the
20-trading-day period ending two trading days before the effective time of the
merger.
Based on the closing price of Energy East shares on February 16, 2001,
each RGS Energy share convertible into the right to receive Energy East shares
would be converted into the right to receive 2.0637 Energy East shares.
Based on
the closing price of Energy East shares on       , 2001, each RGS Energy share
convertible into the right to receive Energy East shares would be converted into
the right to receive       Energy East shares.

    
We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Energy East shares and
RGS Energy shares.

    
Energy East will file an application with the New York Stock Exchange to
list on that exchange the Energy East shares that RGS Energy shareholders will
receive in the merger.

    
On January 12, 2001, the Energy East board of directors declared a quarterly
dividend on Energy East shares of $.23 per share, payable on February 15, 2001
to holders of record on January 22, 2001.
Energy East anticipates that it will
continue to pay quarterly cash dividends.
The Energy East board of directors,
however, has discretion to decide upon the timing and amount of any future
dividends.
Whether or not Energy East will pay dividends, and, if so, how much
these dividends will be, will depend on Energy East's future earnings, financial
condition, capital requirements and other factors.

    
On December 20, 2000, the RGS Energy board of directors declared a quarterly
dividend on RGS Energy shares of $.45 per share, payable on January 25, 2001 to
holders of record on January 2, 2001.
As part of the merger agreement, RGS
Energy has agreed that it will not make, declare or pay any dividend or
distribution on RGS Energy shares, other than regular quarterly dividends on RGS
Energy shares that do not materially exceed the current regular dividends on RGS
Energy shares and with record and payment dates consistent with past practice.

    
Prior to completing the merger, we will coordinate our respective dividend
policies so that neither RGS Energy shareholders nor Energy East shareholders
will be adversely affected because of the timing of record, declaration or
payment dates.

                 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

    We have summarized below information concerning earnings, cash dividends and
book value per share for:

    - each of Energy East and RGS Energy on a historical basis;

    - the combination of Energy East and RGS Energy on a pro forma basis; and

    - RGS Energy on a per share equivalent pro forma basis based on the
      combination of Energy East and RGS Energy.

    
We have derived the pro forma combined earnings per share from the unaudited
pro forma combined financial statements presented elsewhere in this document.

Book value per share for the pro forma combined presentation is based upon
outstanding Energy East shares at December 31, 2000, adjusted to include the
estimated number of Energy East shares to be issued in the merger.

    
The pro forma data are based on the assumed conversion of 45% of the RGS
Energy shares into 2.0637 Energy East shares per RGS Energy share and 55% into
$39.50 in cash per RGS Energy share.
We calculated the exchange ratio for RGS
Energy shares by dividing $39.50 by $19.14, the closing price of Energy East
shares on February 16, 2001.

    
You should read the information set forth below together with the audited
financial statements of Energy East and RGS Energy incorporated by reference in
this document and the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and
related notes presented elsewhere in this document.
See "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 120.

                                                              
FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              ------------------

ENERGY EAST -- HISTORICAL
  Earnings per share, basic and diluted.....................        $ 2.06
  Cash dividends declared per share.........................        $  .88
  Book value per share at period end........................        
$14.59

                                                              FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              ------------------

RGS ENERGY -- HISTORICAL
  Earnings per share:
    Basic...................................................        $ 2.61
    Diluted.................................................        $ 2.60
  Cash dividends declared per share.........................        $ 1.80
  Book value per share at period end........................        $22.19

                                                              FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              ------------------

COMBINATION OF ENERGY EAST & RGS ENERGY -- PRO FORMA
  Earnings per share, basic and diluted.....................        $ 2.03
  Cash dividends declared per share.........................        $  .88
  Book value per share at period end........................        $15.57

                                                              FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              ------------------

RGS ENERGY -- PER SHARE EQUIVALENT PRO FORMA BASIS BASED ON
COMBINATION OF ENERGY EAST & RGS ENERGY
  Earnings per share, basic and diluted.....................        $ 4.18
  Cash dividends declared per share.........................        $ 1.82
  Book value per share at period end........................        $32.12

                         SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    
The following tables present (1) selected consolidated financial information
for each of Energy East (which includes the effect of its merger with
Connecticut Energy as of February 2000 and the effect of its mergers with CMP
Group, CTG Resources and Berkshire Energy as of September 2000), and RGS Energy
on a historical basis; and (2) selected unaudited pro forma financial data for
Energy East reflecting the effect of the mergers completed in 2000 and the
merger with RGS Energy.

    
We prepared the selected unaudited pro forma financial data by accounting
for the merger with RGS Energy under the purchase method of accounting.
See "The
Merger--Accounting Treatment" on page 44.
The selected unaudited pro forma
financial data reflect the merger with RGS Energy based upon preliminary
purchase accounting adjustments.
Actual amounts may differ from those reflected
below.

    
The selected historical financial data for Energy East and RGS Energy as of
December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996 and for each of the years in the
five-year period ended December 31, 2000, set forth below, have been derived
from Energy East's and RGS Energy's audited financial statements and, in the
opinion of their managements, include all adjustments, consisting of normal
recurring adjustments, necessary for fair presentations of the data of these
periods.
You should read the information set forth below in conjunction with the
respective audited financial statements of Energy East and RGS Energy
incorporated by reference in this document and the unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements and related notes presented elsewhere in this document.
See
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 120 and "Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Financial Statements" on pages 72 to 78.

    
The pro forma balance sheet data give effect to the RGS Energy merger as if
this event occurred as of the balance sheet date and the pro forma statement of
income data give effect to the mergers completed in 2000 and the RGS Energy
merger as if those events occurred on January 1, 2000.
The pro forma financial
data are not, however, necessarily indicative of the financial position or
operating results that would have occurred had the merger been completed on
those dates, nor is the information necessarily indicative of future financial
position or operating results.

       
ENERGY EAST SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                                                             FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000         1999         1998         1997         1996
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   
----------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS:
  
Operating revenues.......................  $2,959,520   $2,278,608   $2,499,568   $2,170,102   $2,108,865
  Net income...............................     235,034      218,751      194,205      175,211      168,711
  Earnings per share, basic and diluted....        2.06         1.88         1.51         1.29         1.19
  Cash dividends declared per
    common share...........................         
.88          .84          .78          .70          .70

                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000         1999         1998         1997         1996
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Total assets.............................  $7,003,633   $3,773,171   $4,902,085   $5,044,914   $5,064,816
  Long-term debt, capital leases and
    redeemable preferred stock (excluding
    current portion).......................   2,346,814    1,235,089    1,460,120    1,475,224    1,505,814
  Common stock equity......................   1,716,522    1,403,954    1,713,486    1,803,295    1,769,982
  Book value per share.....................       14.59        12.84        13.61        13.36        12.70

       RGS ENERGY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                                                             FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000         1999         1998         1997         1996
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS:
  
Operating revenues.......................  $1,448,119   $1,207,537   $1,033,491   $1,036,638   $1,054,047
  Net income...............................      91,859       89,497       89,296       89,555       90,046
  Earnings per share, basic................        2.61         2.44         2.32         2.30         2.32
  Earnings per share, diluted..............        2.60         2.44         2.31         2.30         2.32
  Cash dividends declared per
    common share...........................        
1.80         1.80         1.80         1.80         1.80

                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000         1999         1998         1997         1996
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Total assets.............................  $2,565,798   $2,462,874   $2,452,935   $2,268,289   $2,361,476
  Long-term debt, capital leases and
    redeemable preferred stock (excluding
    current portion).......................     
848,860      840,465      783,226      622,334      691,954
  Common stock equity......................     
767,115      770,202      782,781      808,344      786,559
  Book value per share.....................       
22.19        21.43        20.94        20.80        20.24

            ENERGY EAST AND RGS ENERGY SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    The pro forma earnings per share are based on 146,324,191 average shares
outstanding for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, assuming the conversion
of 45% of all RGS Energy shares into 2.0637 Energy East shares per RGS Energy
share and 55% into cash.

                                                                     
FISCAL YEAR
                                                               ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              -------------------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER
                                                                   SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS:
  Operating revenues........................................           $5,360,594
  Net income................................................             $296,622
  Earnings per share, basic and diluted.....................                $2.03
  Cash dividends declared per common share..................                 $.88

                                                                     FISCAL YEAR
                                                               ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                                              -------------------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER
                                                                   SHARE AMOUNTS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Total assets..............................................         $10,447,117
  Long-term debt, capital leases and redeemable preferred
    stock (excluding current portion).......................          $3,945,674
  Common stock equity.......................................          $2,331,123
  Book value per share......................................              $15.57

                                  RISK FACTORS

    IN CONSIDERING WHETHER TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND WHETHER TO ELECT TO RECEIVE CASH, ENERGY EAST SHARES OR A
COMBINATION OF CASH AND ENERGY EAST SHARES FOR YOUR RGS ENERGY SHARES
IF YOU ARE
AN RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER, OR WHETHER TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE ISSUANCE OF ENERGY
EAST SHARES IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER IF YOU ARE AN ENERGY EAST SHAREHOLDER,
YOU SHOULD CONSIDER ALL THE INFORMATION WE HAVE INCLUDED IN THIS DOCUMENT,
INCLUDING ITS APPENDICES, AND ALL THE INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE DOCUMENTS WE
HAVE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
IN ADDITION, YOU SHOULD PAY PARTICULAR ATTENTION
TO THE FOLLOWING RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE MERGER AND TO OUR COMPANIES.
THESE
FACTORS ARE IMPORTANT, AND WE HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO QUANTIFY THEIR POTENTIAL
EFFECTS ON THE COMBINED COMPANY THAT WILL RESULT FROM THE MERGER.


THE AMOUNT OF CONSIDERATION RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS RECEIVE MAY VARY AS A RESULT
  OF STOCK-PRICE FLUCTUATIONS PRIOR TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

    
Although RGS Energy shareholders will be able to elect to exchange their RGS
Energy shares for either cash or Energy East shares (or a combination of cash
and Energy East shares), subject to proration, the opportunity to make that
election will not occur at the time of the shareholder vote on the merger.

Instead, it will occur from shortly before to shortly after the effective time
of the merger (as described further in this document), after all necessary
regulatory approvals have been obtained.
The cash price per share to be paid for
RGS Energy shares is fixed at $39.50.
This cash price will not be adjusted based
on changes in market prices.
The value of Energy East shares delivered to RGS
Energy shareholders will equal $39.50 if the average closing price of an Energy
East share over the 20-trading-day period ending two trading days before the
effective time of the merger is between $16.57 and $22.41.
However, if the
average closing price of an Energy East share over such period is more than
$22.41, then the value of the Energy East shares delivered to RGS Energy
shareholders in exchange for each RGS Energy share will be more than $39.50, and
if the average closing price of an Energy East share over such period is less
than $16.57, then the value of the Energy East shares delivered to RGS Energy
shareholders in exchange for each RGS Energy share will be less than $39.50.

    
There may be a significant time delay between the date when RGS Energy
shareholders vote on the merger transaction at the RGS Energy annual meeting and
the deadline for RGS Energy shareholders to make their elections, which is three
days after the effective time of the merger.
The market value of Energy East
shares may fluctuate during that period.
As a result, the relative prices of our
respective shares may vary significantly from the date of this document, to the
date of the annual meeting, to the date on which RGS Energy shareholders will
have the opportunity to make their elections.
These variations may be caused by
changes in the businesses, operations, results and prospects of both companies,
market expectations of the likelihood that the merger will be completed and the
timing of completion, the effect of any conditions or restrictions imposed on or
proposed with respect to the combined company by regulatory agencies, general
market and economic conditions, or other factors.

    
For example, between             , 2000 and             , 2001 the closing
sales price of an Energy East share has ranged from a high of $      to a low of
$      per share, and the closing sales price of an RGS Energy share during the
same period has ranged from a high of $      to a low of $      per share.
On
        , 2001, the most recent date for which it was practicable to obtain
market price data, (1) the closing sales price of Energy East shares was $
per share, and (2) the closing sales price of RGS Energy shares was $      per
share, as reported in THE WALL STREET JOURNAL's New York Stock Exchange
Composite Transactions.
We urge you to obtain current market quotations for our
shares.
In addition, the stock market generally has experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations.
These market fluctuations could have a material
adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, our shares.

    
It is impossible to predict accurately the market price of Energy East
shares immediately after the effective time of the merger and, therefore,
impossible to predict accurately the value of the stock consideration that RGS
Energy shareholders will receive.
The value of the stock consideration may be
significantly higher or lower than the value of the cash consideration.
See
"Summary--Unaudited Comparative Per Share Data" and "--Comparative Per Share
Market Price and Dividend Information.
"

    If shareholders owning more than 45% of the RGS Energy shares elect to
receive Energy East shares, the number of RGS Energy shares that will be
converted into Energy East shares will be less than the number elected.

Similarly, if shareholders owning more than 55% of the RGS Energy shares elect
to receive cash, the number of RGS Energy shares that will be converted into
cash will be less than the number elected.
Because the number of Energy East
shares to be exchanged for each RGS Energy share will be between 1.7626 and
2.3838, one possible result of this proration is that RGS Energy shareholders
subject to this proration could receive consideration that is less than the
consideration they would have otherwise received in the absence of such
proration.


REGULATORY AGENCIES COULD DELAY OR REFUSE TO APPROVE THE MERGER OR IMPOSE
  CONDITIONS THAT COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT

    To complete the merger, we must obtain approvals or consents from state and
federal regulatory agencies, including the New York State Public Service
Commission, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the SEC and the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission.
These state or federal regulatory agencies may impose
conditions that could have an adverse effect on the business or financial
position of either of our companies or the combined company.
If these conditions
would cause a material adverse effect on RGS Energy or Energy East, Energy East
could choose to terminate the merger agreement.

    
We cannot be certain that any or all of the required regulatory approvals
will be obtained, or that they will be obtained within the time frame
contemplated by the merger agreement, or that they will be obtained without
burdensome conditions.
For additional information on the required regulatory
approvals, see "The Merger--Regulatory Approvals.
"

UNCERTAINTIES IN INTEGRATING OUR COMPANIES

    The merger of our companies will require the integration of two companies
that have previously operated independently.
No assurance can be given that
Energy East will be able to integrate successfully the operations of RGS Energy
and its subsidiaries without, among other things, encountering difficulties or
experiencing the loss of key employees, customers or suppliers.
Also, the
management of each of our companies will have to dedicate substantial time and
effort to ensure that this integration proceeds successfully, which may result
in distraction from regular business concerns.


COMPETITIVE AND REGULATORY CONDITIONS

    
The merger will combine companies that to a large extent share a common
regulatory environment and currently are affected by a number of similar
factors, including deregulation and increased competition.
The utility industry
has been undergoing dramatic structural change for several years, resulting in
increasing competitive pressures faced by electric and natural gas utility
companies.
Increased competition may create greater risks to the stability of
utility earnings generally and may in the future reduce Energy East's earnings
from retail electric and natural gas sales.
In a deregulated environment,
formerly regulated utility companies that are not responsive to a competitive
energy marketplace may suffer erosion in market share, revenues and profits as
competitors gain access to their service territories.

                                 
THE COMPANIES

RGS ENERGY GROUP, INC.

RGS Energy Group, Inc.
89 East Avenue
Rochester, New York 14649-0001
(716) 771-4444

    RGS Energy, a New York holding company incorporated in 1998, became the
parent of Rochester Gas and Electric Corporation ("RG&E") on August 2, 1999.
RGS
Energy has no significant business operations other than through its
subsidiaries, as described below.

    
Internet users can obtain information about RGS Energy and its services by
visiting HTTP://WWW.RGE.COM.

UTILITY OPERATIONS

    RG&E.  
RG&E, incorporated in 1904 in the State of New York, is engaged
principally in the business of generating, purchasing and distributing
electricity and purchasing and distributing natural gas.
RG&E produces and
distributes electricity and distributes natural gas in parts of nine counties
including and surrounding the City of Rochester.
At December 31, 2000, RG&E had
2,022 employees.

    
RG&E's service area covers 2,700 square miles, has a population of
approximately 1,000,000 and is well diversified among residential, commercial
and industrial consumers.
In addition to the City of Rochester, which is the
third largest city and a major industrial center in New York State, it includes
a substantial suburban area with a large and prosperous farming area.
A majority
of the industrial firms in RG&E's service area manufacture consumer goods.
Many
of RG&E's industrial customers are nationally known, such as Xerox Corporation,
Eastman Kodak Company, Bausch & Lomb Incorporated and Delphi Automotive
Systems, Inc.

OTHER OPERATIONS

    ENERGETIX,
INC.  Energetix was formed to pursue retail electric, gas and
liquid fuel businesses throughout upstate New York.
Energetix and its
subsidiary, Griffith Oil Co., Inc., serve a combined total of over 200,000
customers.
Griffith Oil's growth has been accomplished primarily through
acquisitions.
Griffith Oil's most recent acquisitions were Burnwell Gas and
AllEnergy--New York Fuels Division Companies, both of which were completed in
mid-November 2000.
Energetix's acquisitions have provided it with access to
123,000 customers, 100,000 of whom reside outside RG&E's regulated franchise
territory.
Excluding customers gained through its acquisitions, Energetix has
over 83,000 customers for natural gas and electricity service.

    
In total, Energetix and Griffith Oil had approximately 651 employees and 28
customer service centers as of December 31, 2000.

    RGS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION.  
In 1998, RGS Energy formed RGS Development
Corporation to pursue unregulated business opportunities in the energy
marketplace.
Through December 31, 2000, RGS Development Corporation's operations
have not been material to RGS Energy's results of operations or its financial
condition.


ENERGY EAST CORPORATION

Energy East Corporation
P.O. Box 12904
Albany, New York 12212-2904
(518) 434-3049

    Energy East, a New York public utility holding company organized in 1997, is
a super-regional energy services and delivery company with operations in New
York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire and New Jersey and
corporate offices in New York and Maine.
On February 8, 2000, Energy East
completed its merger with Connecticut Energy Corporation, which is a holding
company primarily engaged in the retail distribution of natural gas in
Connecticut through its wholly owned subsidiary, The Southern Connecticut Gas
Company.
On September 1, 2000, Energy East completed its mergers with CMP
Group, Inc., CTG Resources, Inc. and Berkshire Energy Resources.
CMP Group is a
holding company and its principal operating subsidiary, Central Maine Power
Company, is primarily engaged in transmitting and distributing electricity
generated by others to retail customers in Maine.
CTG Resources, also a holding
company, is the parent company of Connecticut Natural Gas Corporation, a
regulated natural gas distribution company in Connecticut.
Berkshire Energy is a
holding company and the parent company of The Berkshire Gas Company, a regulated
local natural gas distribution company that operates in western Massachusetts.

    
Energy East's principal energy delivery business is transmitting and
distributing electricity in New York and Maine and transporting, storing and
distributing natural gas in New York, Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts and New
Hampshire.
Energy East also generates electricity from its share of a nuclear
plant and its several hydroelectric stations and serves approximately
1.4 million electricity customers and 600,000 natural gas customers.
Its service
territories reflect diversified economies, including high-tech firms, insurance,
light industry, pulp and paper industry, ship building, colleges and
universities, agriculture, fishing and recreational facilities.
No customer
accounts for 1% or more of either electric or natural gas revenues.

    
Internet users can obtain information about Energy East and its services by
visiting HTTP://WWW.ENERGYEAST.COM.


UTILITY OPERATIONS

    NEW YORK STATE ELECTRIC & GAS CORPORATION.  
New York State Electric & Gas
Corporation ("NYSEG") is a public utility company engaged in transmitting and
distributing electricity and transporting, storing and distributing natural gas.

NYSEG also generates electricity from its share of a nuclear plant and its
several hydroelectric stations.
NYSEG's service territory, 99% of which is
located outside the corporate limits of cities, is in the central, eastern and
western parts of the State of New York.
NYSEG's service territory has an area of
approximately 20,000 square miles and a population of 2,500,000.
The larger
cities in New York in which NYSEG serves both electricity and natural gas
customers are Binghamton, Elmira, Auburn, Geneva, Ithaca and Lockport.
NYSEG
provides delivery service to approximately 824,000 electricity customers and
248,000 natural gas customers.

    
CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY.  
Central Maine Power is the largest electric
utility in Maine and functions as an electric transmission and distribution
utility.
Central Maine Power serves over 544,000 customers in its 11,000
square-mile service area in the southern and central areas of Maine.
Central
Maine Power's service area contains most of Maine's industrial and commercial
centers, including the city of Portland (Maine's largest city), and the
Lewiston-Auburn, Augusta-Waterville and Bath-Brunswick areas.
These areas
encompass approximately 1,000,000 people, representing about 80% of the total
population of Maine.

    
THE SOUTHERN CONNECTICUT GAS COMPANY.  
Southern Connecticut Gas is engaged
in the retail distribution of natural gas for residential, commercial and
industrial users and the transportation of natural gas for commercial and
industrial users.
Southern Connecticut Gas serves approximately 167,000
customers in the State of Connecticut, in primarily 22 towns along the southern
Connecticut coast from Westport to Old Saybrook, which include the urban
communities of Bridgeport and New Haven.
Southern Connecticut Gas is the sole
distributor of natural gas other than bottled gas in its service area.

    
CONNECTICUT NATURAL GAS CORPORATION.  
Connecticut Natural Gas is engaged in
the retail distribution of natural gas for residential, commercial and
industrial users and the transportation of natural gas for commercial and
industrial users.
Connecticut Natural Gas currently serves approximately 147,000
customers in 22 Connecticut communities, principally in the Hartford-New Britain
area and Greenwich, covering an area of approximately 533 square miles with a
population of approximately 679,000.

    
THE BERKSHIRE GAS COMPANY.  
Berkshire Gas sells and distributes natural gas
to approximately 35,000 retail customers in 19 communities in western
Massachusetts.
The population of the area served is approximately 190,000 and is
primarily residential in character, but the territory also includes industrial,
agricultural, educational, cultural and resort facilities.
Berkshire Gas
operates a natural gas distribution system comprising some 694 miles of natural
gas distribution mains.


OTHER OPERATIONS

    Energy East has operationally organized its non-utility businesses under THE
ENERGY NETWORK, INC.
Those businesses own assets and operate facilities in
peaking electric generation, peaking gas storage, energy services, district
heating and cooling, gas transmission, propane distribution and
telecommunications.
ENERGY EAST ENTERPRISES, INC. owns two small natural gas
delivery companies and is developing high deliverability gas storage in upstate
New York.


EAGLE MERGER CORP.

c/o Energy East Corporation
P.O. Box 12904
Albany, New York 12212-2904
(518) 434-3049

    Eagle Merger Corp. is a New York corporation formed in February 2001 solely
for the purpose of completing the merger with RGS Energy.
Eagle Merger Corp.
will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy East at the effective time of the
merger.

                              
THE ANNUAL MEETINGS

    We will each hold an annual meeting of our shareholders.
Each of our boards
of directors has provided you with this document in order to solicit your proxy
for use at our respective annual meetings.
For a description of the RGS Energy
annual meeting and the proposals to be voted upon at the RGS Energy annual
meeting, see "The RGS Energy Annual Meeting" on pages 86 to 101.
For a
description of the Energy East annual meeting and the proposals to be voted upon
at the Energy East annual meeting, see "The Energy East Annual Meeting" on
pages 102 to 119.

                                   
THE MERGER

GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE MERGER

    The merger agreement provides that RGS Energy will merge with and into Eagle
Merger Corp., which will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy East at the
effective time of the merger.
Eagle Merger Corp. will be the surviving company
and will continue to conduct RGS Energy's businesses under the name "RGS Energy
Group, Inc." as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Energy East.
In the merger,
each outstanding RGS Energy share (other than those shares that are held by RGS
Energy as treasury stock) will be converted into the right to receive cash or
Energy East shares, or a combination of cash and Energy East shares.

    
Each RGS Energy shareholder can elect the form of consideration he or she
would like to receive, but this election is subject to proration as well as an
adjustment driven by tax considerations.
See "The Merger Agreement--Conversion
of RGS Energy Shares."
Under the merger agreement, 55% of all issued and
outstanding RGS Energy shares must be exchanged for cash, and 45% must be
exchanged for Energy East shares.
If RGS Energy shareholders owning more than
55% of RGS Energy shares elect to receive cash, the number of RGS Energy shares
converted into cash will be less than the number elected.
Similarly, if RGS
Energy shareholders owning more than of 45% of RGS Energy shares elect to
receive Energy East shares, the number of RGS Energy shares converted into stock
will be less than the number elected.

    
For tax reasons that are explained below, the number of RGS Energy shares
converted into Energy East shares may have to be increased and the number of RGS
Energy shares converted into cash may have to be decreased.
In the alternative,
RGS Energy may elect under some circumstances to have the merger restructured so
that Eagle Merger Corp. would merge with and into RGS Energy and RGS Energy
would be the surviving company.
In that case, the parties would no longer intend
for the merger to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and the conditions to the merger
requiring each party's counsel to furnish an opinion to that effect would be
waived.

    
The per share cash consideration is $39.50, without interest.
The per share
stock consideration is a number of Energy East shares that will vary depending
on the "AVERAGE MARKET PRICE," which is the average of the closing prices of
Energy East shares on the New York Stock Exchange during the 20-trading-day
period ending two trading days prior to the effective time of the merger.
If the
Average Market Price is between $16.57 per share and $22.41 per share, then each
RGS Energy share converted into stock will be exchanged for $39.50 worth of
Energy East shares.
If the Average Market Price is less than or equal to $16.57,
then each RGS Energy share converted into stock will be exchanged for 2.3838
Energy East shares, irrespective of the value of the Energy East shares.

Finally, if the Average Market Price is greater than or equal to $22.41 per
share, then each RGS Energy share will be exchanged for 1.7626 Energy East
shares, again irrespective of the value of the Energy East shares.

    
The total value of the consideration that RGS Energy shareholders will
receive in the merger, based on the number of RGS Energy shares outstanding on
February 15, 2001 and assuming that the Average Market Price of Energy East
shares is between $16.57 per share and $22.41 per share, is approximately $1.4
billion.


BACKGROUND

    Prior to entering into merger discussions with Energy East, RGS Energy had
carefully followed the developments in the electric and natural gas industries
in the northeastern United States and, in particular, the deregulation and
restructuring of the electric and natural gas industries in New York State.
In
response, RGS Energy's management and board of directors from time to time
consulted with Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, RGS Energy's financial
advisor, and reviewed various strategic

alternatives, including remaining an independent public company, the possibility
of acquisitions or mergers with other companies and other transactions.

    
In mid-August 2000, Wesley W. von Schack, Energy East's Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer, contacted Thomas S. Richards, RGS Energy's
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, by telephone to discuss
informally the merits of a possible transaction between Energy East and RGS
Energy.
Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards broadly discussed the potential value
and strategic benefits that could be recognized by the shareholders of Energy
East and RGS Energy as a result of the combination of the two companies.

    
On August 16, 2000, the RGS Energy board met for its annual strategy
meeting.
Prior to that meeting, Mr. Richards reviewed with certain members of
the RGS Energy board his discussion with Mr. von Schack.

    
Throughout September 2000, additional discussions of a preliminary nature
between Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards periodically took place by telephone.

Such discussions generally explored the interest of each company in a possible
transaction.

    
On September 8, 2000, Energy East and RGS Energy executed a confidentiality
agreement to facilitate the exchange of information.
The confidentiality
agreement included a standstill provision that precluded each company from
acquiring any shares of the other or making an offer to acquire the other
company other than pursuant to a negotiated transaction.

    
On September 20, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board, Mr. Richards briefed the RGS Energy board on his discussions with
Mr. von Schack.
Although the RGS Energy board considered Mr. Richards'
conversations with Mr. von Schack to be at that time very preliminary, it
authorized Mr. Richards to continue exploratory discussions with Energy East.

    
On September 25, 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in Rochester, New
York to discuss in more detail the potential benefits that could be realized as
a result of the combination of Energy East and RGS Energy, including
post-transaction competitive positioning, the possibility of achieving potential
cost savings and the potential regulatory treatment of a business combination.

At that time, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards determined that Kenneth M.
Jasinski, Energy East's Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,
and Michael T. Tomaino, RGS Energy's Senior Vice President and General Counsel,
would coordinate the exchange of confidential financial and other information.

    
Throughout October and November 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards
communicated from time to time by telephone to discuss issues related to the
electric and gas utilities industries in general and in New York State in
particular, the possibility of a transaction between Energy East and RGS Energy
and various preliminary concerns related to such a transaction.
Additionally,
Mr. Jasinski and Mr. Tomaino spoke periodically by telephone to discuss the
types of information that would be required by their respective senior
management teams and financial and legal advisors in order to prepare
operational, financial and legal analyses, the process related to the exchange
of such information and the conduct of full-scale due diligence reviews.

    
On October 13, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Energy East
board, Mr. von Schack reported to the Energy East directors that he was having
discussions with Mr. Richards regarding a possible transaction with RGS Energy.

    
On October 18, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board, Mr. Richards updated the RGS Energy directors on the status of his
discussions with Energy East.
At that meeting, Morgan Stanley and Shearman &
Sterling, RGS Energy's outside legal counsel, advised the RGS Energy board with
respect to the financial aspects of, and their legal duties regarding, a
possible transaction with Energy East.

    
On November 7, 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in New York City to
continue their discussion related to the mutual benefits that potentially could
be realized as a result of a combination of Energy East and RGS Energy.

    
On November 15, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the executive
committee of the RGS Energy board, Mr. Richards updated the members of the
executive committee on the status of his discussions with Energy East.

    
On November 30, 2000, members of the senior management teams of Energy East
and RGS Energy and Morgan Stanley met in New York City to exchange and discuss
the information previously requested through Mr. Jasinski and Mr. Tomaino and to
determine whether a basis existed for proceeding with discussions.
Later that
evening, Messrs. von Schack, Richards, Jasinski and Tomaino met in New York City
and, based upon discussions with their respective senior management teams,
agreed to continue discussions with respect to a possible transaction.

    
On December 6, 2000, at a special meeting of the Energy East board held for
other purposes, Mr. von Schack updated the Energy East directors on the status
of his discussions with RGS Energy.

    
On December 13, 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in Rochester, New
York to discuss more specifically the terms of a possible transaction, including
the type of consideration, structure of the transaction, organizational issues,
regulatory issues and approvals, historical events and the transaction process.

At that meeting, Mr. von Schack indicated that Energy East would consider
offering a price per share of RGS Energy common stock of $35.00.

    
On December 19, 2000, members of the senior management teams of Energy East
and RGS Energy met in New York City with Morgan Stanley to discuss general
regulatory matters, including the regulatory approvals required in connection
with a possible transaction between Energy East and RGS Energy, and,
specifically, to discuss issues related to the New York regulated operations of
Energy East.

    
On December 20, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board of directors, the possibility of a transaction between Energy East and RGS
Energy was again presented by Mr. Richards.
After discussing the potential
transaction in general terms, the RGS Energy board of directors agreed that it
would be in the best interest of RGS Energy and its shareholders to continue
pursuing discussions with Energy East.

    
On December 21, 2000, Mr. Richards telephoned Mr. von Schack to advise him
that the RGS Energy board had approved further discussions with Energy East and
to discuss further the terms of the potential transaction.
During that call,
Mr. Richards also stated that the RGS Energy board had indicated that a value of
$35.00 per share of RGS Energy common stock was unsatisfactory.

    
On January 6, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Energy East
board, Mr. von Schack updated the Energy East directors on the status of his
discussions with RGS Energy.

    
On January 8, 2001, members of the senior management team of Energy East,
together with Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, Energy East's outside legal
counsel, and members of the senior management team of RGS Energy, together with
Morgan Stanley and Shearman & Sterling, met in New York City to discuss further
the terms of the transaction, financial forecasts, the necessary regulatory
approvals, the continued exchange of information and the benefits of engaging a
synergy consultant.
Deloitte Consulting L.P. was then retained to assist the
management of each company in evaluating the potential cost savings that could
result from the proposed transaction.

    
On January 17, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board of directors, Mr. Richards updated the RGS Energy board of directors on
the status of discussions with Energy East.
After discussion, the RGS Energy
board authorized Mr. Richards to continue pursuing discussions with Energy East.

    
On January 20, 2001, senior officers of Energy East, including Mr. von
Schack, and senior officers of RGS Energy, including Mr. Richards, and their
legal advisors, together with Morgan Stanley, met in New York City to discuss
the terms of a possible transaction, including post-transaction corporate
governance and management, the location of headquarters and operations, the
consolidation of New York regulated operations, the effect on employees and
other constituencies and other issues.
Following that meeting, Mr. von Schack
and Mr. Richards met separately to discuss valuation.

    
From January 29 through February 4, 2001, Energy East's senior management,
its financial advisor, UBS Warburg LLC, and its legal advisors conducted legal
and financial due diligence with respect to RGS Energy in Rochester, New York.

    
On January 30, 2001, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in New York City to
discuss the status of the proposed transaction.
At that meeting, Mr. von Schack
and Mr. Richards discussed the potential strategic benefits of the proposed
transaction, the related regulatory plan, Energy East's preliminary views of its
due diligence review of RGS Energy and the scheduling of RGS Energy's due
diligence review of Energy East.
Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards also discussed
the timing of the proposed transaction and continued their discussion with
respect to dividend policy, location of headquarters and operations and the
effect on employees and other constituencies.

    
On February 7, 2001, at a special meeting of the RGS Energy board of
directors, Mr. Richards updated the RGS Energy board of directors on the status
of discussions with Energy East.
Morgan Stanley and Shearman & Sterling made
presentations to the RGS Energy board of directors concerning various financial
and legal aspects of the transaction and the RGS Energy board of directors
discussed the business, financial and legal issues that would be presented by a
transaction with Energy East.
After discussion, the RGS Energy board of
directors authorized Mr. Richards to continue discussions with Energy East.

    
On February 8, 2001, the senior managements of Energy East and RGS Energy,
together with Morgan Stanley, met with Deloitte Consulting in New York City to
review a preliminary analysis with respect to potential cost savings.

    
During the period from February 8 to February 16, 2001, representatives of
Energy East and RGS Energy and their respective legal counsel negotiated the
specific terms of the merger agreement, including the conditions to the offer,
the interim covenants, the circumstances under which termination fees would be
payable, the non-solicitation provisions, the efforts required to obtain
regulatory approvals and the circumstances in which the parties could terminate
the merger agreement.

    
On February 9, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Energy East
board, presentations by Energy East's senior management and its legal and
financial advisors were made concerning various legal and financial aspects of
the transaction.

    
During the period from February 9 to February 14, 2001, the senior
management team of RGS Energy, together with its legal, accounting and financial
advisors, conducted legal, accounting and financial due diligence with respect
to Energy East in New York City.

    
On February 13, 2001, representatives of Energy East and RGS Energy met in
New York City to discuss financial and operational information about both
companies and to continue their due diligence examination of the business and
operations of both companies.
Representatives of UBS Warburg were present at
that meeting.
Also on February 13, 2001, the senior management for Energy East
and the senior management of RGS Energy met with Deloitte Consulting in New York
City to discuss a final analysis with respect to potential cost savings.

    
On February 14, 2001, representatives of UBS Warburg spoke with
representatives of Morgan Stanley.
In that conversation, UBS Warburg, on behalf
of Energy East, made a final proposal of $39.50 per share of RGS Energy common
stock, with the stock portion subject to a 15% collar (based upon the closing
price of Energy East common stock on February 15, 2001).

    
On February 16, 2001, Energy East held a special meeting of its board of
directors.
After discussion, which included updates regarding the financial and
legal aspects of the proposed transaction from UBS Warburg and Wachtell, Lipton,
UBS Warburg delivered its opinion to the effect that as of that date the
consideration to be paid by Energy East pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair from a financial point of view to Energy East and the Energy East board of
directors unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement.

    
Also on February 16, 2001, RGS Energy held a special meeting of its board of
directors.
After discussion, which included updates regarding the financial and
legal aspects of the proposed transaction from Morgan Stanley and Shearman &
Sterling, Morgan Stanley delivered its opinion to the effect that as of that
date the consideration to be received by holders of shares of RGS Energy common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
to those holders and the RGS Energy board of directors unanimously approved and
adopted the merger agreement.

    
Later that day, Energy East and RGS Energy executed the merger agreement and
Mr. Richards' employment agreement.
On February 20, 2001, the companies issued a
joint press release announcing the merger.


RGS ENERGY REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE RGS ENERGY BOARD OF
  DIRECTORS

    At its special meeting on February 16, 2001, after due consideration, the
RGS Energy board unanimously determined that the terms of the merger are fair
to, and in the best interests of, RGS Energy and its shareholders.
The RGS
Energy board unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement, the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Accordingly,
the RGS Energy board of directors unanimously recommends that RGS Energy
shareholders vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

    
In reaching its recommendation, the RGS Energy board of directors considered
a number of factors, including the following:

    - TRANSACTION FINANCIAL TERMS/PREMIUM TO MARKET PRICE.  
The RGS Energy board
      considered the relationship of the consideration to be paid in the merger
      to recent and historical market prices of RGS Energy shares.
The
      consideration of $39.50 per RGS Energy share represents a 19.3% premium
      over the $33.10 closing price of RGS Energy shares on February 16, 2001
      (the last trading day prior to the announcement of the merger agreement),
      a 34.2% premium over the $29.44 closing price of RGS Energy shares on
      January 18, 2001 and a 57.6% premium over the $25.06 average closing price
      of RGS Energy shares for the 12 months ending on February 16, 2001.
The
      RGS Energy board believed that $39.50 was the highest per share
      consideration that could be negotiated with Energy East.

      
The RGS Energy board also considered the form of consideration to be
      received by the holders of RGS Energy shares in the merger.
Since,
      pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, each holder of RGS Energy
      shares has the right to elect to receive either cash and/or Energy East
      shares in the merger (subject to proration), the RGS Energy board
      considered the certainty of the value of the cash component of the
      consideration as well as the ability of holders of RGS Energy shares to
      become holders of Energy East shares and participate in the future
      prospects of the combined businesses of Energy East and RGS Energy.
      
Additionally, the RGS Energy board considered the fact that the stock
      component of the consideration is subject to a collar, which, depending
      upon the value of Energy East shares, could be beneficial or detrimental
      to holders of RGS Energy common stock.

      
The RGS Energy board also considered that the merger is intended to be
      treated as a reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code and, if
      the merger were treated as a reorganization, RGS Energy shareholders who
      exchange their RGS Energy shares solely for

      Energy East shares generally would recognize no gain or loss for U.S.
      federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.
The RGS Energy
      Board also considered that RGS Energy may elect, under certain
      circumstances, to have the merger restructured so that RGS Energy, rather
      than Eagle Merger Corp., will be the company surviving the merger.
In that
      case, the parties would no longer intend for the merger to be treated as a
      reorganization and the transaction would be fully taxable to RGS Energy
      shareholders.

    - STRATEGIC ALTERNATIVES.  
The RGS Energy board considered the presentations
      of RGS Energy's management, Morgan Stanley and the RGS Energy board of
      directors' review with respect to trends in the industries in which RGS
      Energy's businesses operate and the strategic alternatives available to
      RGS Energy, including RGS Energy's remaining an independent public
      company, the possibility of acquisitions or mergers with other companies
      in these industries and other transactions, as well as the risks and
      uncertainties associated with the strategic alternatives available to RGS
      Energy.
The RGS Energy board of directors considered management's belief
      that RGS Energy and Energy East have similar corporate cultures, the
      complementary nature of the two companies' operations and operating
      regions, and the experience, reputation and financial strength of Energy
      East.

    - COMPETITIVE POSITION AND INCREASED FINANCIAL STRENGTH.  
The merger is
      intended to establish a combined company that is able to compete more
      effectively in unregulated markets and serve customers more effectively in
      regulated markets.
The combination of the companies' complementary
      expertise and infrastructure, including Energy East's diversified electric
      and natural gas businesses throughout the northeastern United States,
      should provide the combined company with the size and scope to be an
      effective competitor in the emerging and increasingly competitive markets
      for transporting and distributing energy and energy services.
The combined
      company will be financially stronger and will have a broader customer base
      than RGS Energy as an independent entity.
Also, the combined company will
      be one of the largest, most diversified energy providers in the Northeast,
      serving nearly 3 million customers, including approximately 1.8 million
      electric customers, almost 1 million natural gas customers and
      approximately 200,000 other retail energy customers.
The combined company
      will have annual revenues of over $5 billion and approximately
      $10 billion in assets.

    - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.  
The RGS Energy board considered the corporate
      governance aspects of the merger, including that (a) Mr. Richards and two
      non-management directors of RGS Energy will be appointed to the Energy
      East board of directors, (b) pursuant to an employment agreement,
      Mr. Richards will be the chairman, president and chief executive officer
      of the surviving corporation (which will be a subsidiary of Energy East),
      an executive vice president of Energy East and will hold board and officer
      positions in other subsidiaries of Energy East, including RG&E and NYSEG,
      which is expected to become a subsidiary of RGS Energy, and (c) the
      surviving corporation will create an advisory board, whose members will be
      the same individuals who were the directors of RGS Energy immediately
      prior to the merger (other than those members of the RGS Energy board that
      become directors of Energy East).

    - COMMUNITY PRESENCE AND INVOLVEMENT.  
The expanded RGS Energy will be
      headquartered in Rochester, New York.
RG&E will remain a subsidiary of RGS
      Energy.
The communities served by the expanded company will benefit from a
      combined company that is expected to compete more effectively in providing
      regulated and deregulated natural gas and electricity and energy related
      products and services.
Additionally, the RGS Energy board considered
      Energy East's commitment to have approximately 40 Energy East Management
      Corporation employees in Rochester as of the effective date of the merger
      as well as to increase the level of charitable contributions to, and
      community involvement with, Rochester, New York to reflect the increase in
      size of the company based there.

    - IMPACT ON RGS ENERGY EMPLOYEES.  
The RGS Energy board considered the
      potential benefits to RGS Energy employees from the expanded opportunities
      available as part of a larger organization.
Also, no layoffs are planned
      as a result of the merger.
Additionally, employees of RGS Energy and its
      subsidiaries will not be disadvantaged with respect to layoffs because
      some Energy East employees have union contracts.

    
- TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.  
In addition to the financial terms
      discussed above, the RGS Energy board considered the negotiated terms of
      the merger agreement, which the RGS Energy board and RGS Energy management
      viewed as fair to, and in the best interests of, RGS Energy and the RGS
      Energy shareholders, including the following:

       - CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION.  
The RGS Energy board considered the fact
         that each of Energy East's and RGS Energy's obligation to complete the
         merger is subject to customary terms.
The RGS Energy board also
         considered Energy East's and RGS Energy's commitment in the merger
         agreement to use their best efforts to obtain the required regulatory
         approvals for the merger.

       - UNSOLICITED ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.  
RGS may terminate the merger
         agreement in response to an unsolicited acquisition proposal under
         certain limited circumstances, which include the payment of a
         $50 million termination fee plus expenses of up to $10 million.
         
Further, RGS Energy would be entitled to a termination fee from Energy
         East of $50 million plus expenses of up to $10 million, under certain
         limited circumstances, if the merger agreement were to be terminated as
         a result of the required Energy East shareholder approval not being
         obtained.

    - SYNERGIES OF THE COMBINATION.  
It is expected that the combination of the
      businesses of RGS Energy with those of Energy East would lead to potential
      cost savings and other benefits of approximately $50 million on an annual
      basis, largely derived from the joint management of Energy East and RGS
      Energy subsidiaries in areas such as procurement, information systems and
      other administrative and general areas.

    
- MORGAN STANLEY ANALYSES.  
The RGS Energy board considered presentations
      from and the opinion delivered by Morgan Stanley, dated February 16, 2001,
      as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration
      to be received by holders of shares of RGS Energy common stock pursuant to
      the merger agreement, as more fully described in "Opinion of the Financial
      Advisor to the RGS Energy Board.
"

    - RGS ENERGY OPERATING AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.  
The RGS Energy board
      considered the current and historical financial condition and results of
      operations of RGS Energy, as well as the prospects and strategic
      objectives of RGS Energy, including the risk involved in achieving those
      prospects and objectives, and the current and expected conditions in the
      industries in which RGS Energy's businesses operate.

    - ENERGY EAST OPERATING AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.  
The RGS Energy board
      considered the current and historical financial condition and results of
      operations of Energy East, as well as the prospects and strategic
      objectives of Energy East, including the risks involved in achieving those
      prospects and objectives, and the current and expected conditions in the
      industries in which Energy East's businesses operate.

    - REGULATORY MATTERS AND OTHER CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.  
The
      RGS Energy board considered the risks associated with satisfying all
      conditions to completion of the merger, including obtaining the necessary
      regulatory approvals, and the possibility that, as a result of such risks,
      the consummation of the merger may be significantly delayed or,
      notwithstanding shareholder approval, that the merger may not be
      completed.

    - POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.  
The interests that certain executive
      officers, directors and employees of RGS Energy may have with respect to
      the merger in addition to their interests as shareholders of RGS Energy,
      as more fully described under "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons in
      the Merger.
"

    The RGS Energy board of directors also considered (1) the risk that the
benefits sought in the merger would not be obtained, (2) the effect of the
public announcement of the merger on RGS Energy's sales, customer, supplier and
creditor relationships, operating results and ability to retain employees and
the trading price of RGS Energy shares, (3) the substantial management time and
effort that will be required to complete the merger and integrate the operations
of the two companies, (4) the possibility that various provisions of the merger
agreement might have the effect of discouraging other persons potentially
interested in a combination with RGS Energy from pursuing such an opportunity,
(5) the risk that the value of Energy East shares might decline and (6) other
matters described under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements.
"

    The RGS Energy board of directors believed and continues to believe that any
potential risks and disadvantages of the merger are greatly outweighed by the
potential benefits anticipated to result from the merger.

    
The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
RGS Energy board is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the
complexity of these matters, the RGS Energy board did not find it practicable
to, and did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the
specific factors considered in reaching its determination and recommendation.

The RGS Energy board relied on the experience and expertise of Morgan Stanley,
its financial advisor, for quantitative analysis of the financial terms of the
merger.
In addition, the RGS Energy board did not undertake to make any specific
determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect of any
particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to its ultimate determination,
but rather the RGS Energy board of directors conducted an overall analysis of
the factors described above, including through discussions with and questioning
of RGS Energy's management and legal and financial advisors.
In addition,
individual members of the RGS Energy board may have given differing weights to
different factors.

    
FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, THE RGS ENERGY BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS
DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS
OF, THE RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS.
ACCORDINGLY, THE RGS ENERGY BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.


ENERGY EAST REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE ENERGY EAST BOARD OF
  DIRECTORS

    The Energy East board unanimously determined that the terms of the merger
are fair to, and in the best interests of, Energy East and its shareholders.

Accordingly, the Energy East board of directors unanimously recommends that
Energy East shareholders vote for the approval of the issuance of Energy East
shares in connection with the merger.

    
In reaching its decision to approve the merger, the Energy East board of
directors consulted with Energy East's legal and financial advisors as well as
with Energy East's management.
The Energy East board of directors considered a
number of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

    - ACCRETIVE TO EARNINGS IN THE FIRST FULL YEAR AFTER CLOSING.  
The Energy
      East board and Energy East management believe that the merger would be
      accretive to earnings in the first full year after completion of the
      merger if anticipated synergies can be obtained and retained;

    - SYNERGIES.  
It is expected that the merger would generate annual cost
      savings of approximately $50 million, resulting from joint management of
      procurement, information technology and other administrative and general
      areas;

    - COMPLEMENTARY OPERATIONS.  
Over 200 miles of contiguous territory between
      the NYSEG and RG&E service territories would provide an excellent
      opportunity for operational efficiencies, and peak usage in each territory
      is complementary, with NYSEG peaking in the winter and RG&E peaking in the
      summer;

    - ENHANCEMENT OF MANAGEMENT TEAM.  
The Energy East board and Energy East
      management believe that the RGS Energy management team will fortify the
      Energy East management team;

    - OPPORTUNITY TO PROFITABLY GROW DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM IN NORTHEAST.  
The
      merger would create the premier upstate utility, serving half of upstate
      New York, and, consistent with the strategy Energy East has been pursuing
      over the last several years, would enhance Energy East's position as a
      super-regional energy services and delivery company in the Northeast;

    - SUPPLY WILL BE INCREASED AND STABILIZED.  
The merger would increase Energy
      East's generation portfolio, and would further Energy East's goal of
      providing its customers with a reliable supply of electricity;

    - PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR.  
The Energy East board considered the
      financial presentation and opinion of UBS Warburg, Energy East's financial
      advisor, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Energy
      East of the consideration to be paid to RGS Energy shareholders in the
      merger, as more fully described in "Opinion of the Financial Advisor to
      the Energy East Board"; and

    - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MERGER.  
The Energy East board considered the
      terms and conditions of the merger, which the Energy East board and Energy
      East management viewed as fair to, and in the best interests of, Energy
      East and the Energy East shareholders.

    
All combinations, including the merger, also include certain risks and
disadvantages.
The material potential risks and disadvantages to Energy East
shareholders identified by the Energy East board and management in considering
the merger include the following:

    - the time and resources required to complete the merger, with the
      completion of the merger being subject to various conditions (see "The
      Merger Agreement--Conditions");

    - the difficulties inherent in combining the two companies and the potential
      distraction to management caused by a transaction of this magnitude; and

    - the risk that the benefits sought from the merger, due to the matters
      described under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding
      Forward-Looking Statements" and other matters, might not fully be
      achieved.

    
The Energy East board of directors believed and continues to believe that
these potential risks and disadvantages are greatly outweighed by the potential
benefits anticipated to result from the merger.

    
This discussion of the information and factors considered by the Energy East
board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the wide variety
of factors considered, the Energy East board of directors did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise attempt to assign relative
weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its conclusion.
In
addition, individual directors may have given different weights to different
factors.

    
FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, THE ENERGY EAST BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS
DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS
OF, THE ENERGY EAST SHAREHOLDERS.
ACCORDINGLY, THE ENERGY EAST BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT ENERGY EAST SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE
APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF ENERGY EAST SHARES IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER.


OPINION OF THE FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO THE RGS ENERGY BOARD

    RGS Energy retained Morgan Stanley as its exclusive financial advisor in
connection with the merger.
The RGS Energy board selected Morgan Stanley to act
as RGS Energy's financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's qualifications,
expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the business and affairs of RGS
Energy.
At the meeting of the RGS Energy board on February 16, 2001, Morgan
Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of
February 16, 2001, and

subject to and based on the considerations in its opinion, the consideration to
be received by the RGS Energy shareholders pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair from a financial point of view to those holders.

    
The full text of the Morgan Stanley opinion, dated February 16, 2001, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as
Appendix B to this document.
RGS Energy shareholders are urged to read this
opinion carefully and in its entirety.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to
the board of directors of RGS Energy, addresses only the fairness from a
financial point of view of the consideration to be received by the RGS Energy
shareholders, and does not address any other aspect of the merger or constitute
a recommendation to any RGS Energy shareholder as to how to vote at the RGS
Energy annual meeting.
The summary of the Morgan Stanley opinion set forth in
this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of this
opinion.

    
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other things:

    - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
      information of RGS Energy and Energy East;

    - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
      operating data concerning RGS Energy and Energy East prepared by the
      management of RGS Energy and Energy East, respectively;

    - reviewed certain financial projections prepared by the management of RGS
      Energy and Energy East, respectively;

    - discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
      prospects of RGS Energy and Energy East, including information relating to
      certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
      merger, with senior executives of RGS Energy and Energy East,
      respectively;

    - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Energy East's earnings per
      share, credit ratios and consolidated capitalization;

    - reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the RGS Energy
      shares and the Energy East shares;

    - compared the financial performance of RGS Energy and Energy East and the
      prices and trading activity of the RGS Energy shares and the Energy East
      shares with that of certain other publicly-traded companies comparable
      with RGS Energy and Energy East, respectively, and their securities;

    - reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of certain
      comparable acquisition transactions;

    - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of RGS
      Energy and Energy East and their financial and legal advisors;

    - reviewed the merger agreement, and certain related documents; and

    - performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as Morgan
      Stanley deemed appropriate.

    
Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon without independent verification the
accuracy and completeness of the information reviewed by it for the purposes of
its opinion.
With respect to the financial projections, including information
relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated
from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on
bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
future financial performance of RGS Energy and Energy East.
Morgan Stanley
relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment by the management
of RGS Energy and Energy East, respectively, of the future competitive and
regulatory environment for RGS Energy and Energy East and their ability to
achieve the strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
merger.
Morgan Stanley

assumed that in connection with the receipt of all the necessary regulatory
approvals for the merger, no restrictions will be imposed that would have a
material adverse effect on the contemplated benefits expected to be derived in
the merger.
In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger will be
consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement,
including, among other things, that the merger is intended to be treated as a
reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code.
Morgan Stanley did not
make any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of
Energy East, nor was it furnished with any such appraisals.
Morgan Stanley's
opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions
as in effect on, and the information made available to Morgan Stanley as of, the
date of its opinion.

    
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its
written opinion.
These summaries of financial analyses include information
presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses
used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.

    STOCK TRADING HISTORY.  
Morgan Stanley reviewed the history of the trading
prices for RGS Energy shares and Energy East shares, both separately and in
relation to a market index for a period ending February 14, 2001.
The market
index used was the Standard and Poor's Electric Companies index.
Energy East
underperformed the Standard and Poor's Electric Companies index during the
twelve months prior to the transaction, while RGS Energy outperformed the
Standard and Poor's Electric Companies index.
Morgan Stanley also reviewed the
implied exchange ratio, defined as the RGS Energy closing price divided by the
Energy East closing price, during the twelve months prior to the transaction.

The implied exchange ratio as defined above over varying time periods was as
follows:

- -   12 months prior to February 14, 2001........................   
1.26x
- -   6 months prior to February 14, 2001.........................   1.42x
- -   3 months prior to February 14, 2001.........................   
1.58x
- -   1 month prior to February 14, 2001..........................   1.66x

    SELECTED COMPARABLE PUBLIC COMPANY ANALYSIS.  
Using publicly available
information, Morgan Stanley compared selected historical and projected
financial, operating and stock market performance data of RGS Energy and Energy
East to the corresponding data of companies that share similar characteristics
with RGS Energy and Energy East.

    
The RGS Energy comparable companies consisted of:

    - FirstEnergy Corporation

    - DTE Energy Company

    - UIL Holdings Corporation

    - CH Energy Group Inc.

    The Energy East comparable companies consisted of:

    - NSTAR

    - Conectiv

    - UIL Holdings Corporation

    - CH Energy Group Inc.

    With respect to RGS Energy and its comparable companies, Morgan Stanley
calculated multiples of total enterprise value (market value, as defined later,
plus preferred stock and debt less cash and cash equivalents) to latest twelve
months ("LTM") earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization
("EBITDA").
Morgan Stanley also calculated multiples of market value (share
price multiplied by shares outstanding) to (1) projected fiscal year 2001 net
income, (2) projected fiscal year 2002 net income, (3) LTM cash flow from
operations and (4) book value of equity.
The comparable companies' projected
fiscal year 2001 and 2002 earnings results were based on publicly available
median

earnings per share ("EPS") estimates from I/B/E/S, a data service that monitors
and publishes a compilation of earnings estimates produced by selected research
analysts on companies of interest to investors, and shares outstanding as of a
company's latest 10-Q or 10-K. The RGS Energy comparable companies analysis
resulted in the following ranges of multiples as of February 14, 2001:

                                    ANALYSIS
                                MULTIPLE RANGES

- -   LTM EBITDA..................................................    6.0x to 7.3x
- -   Projected fiscal year 2001 net income.......................  
10.2x to 11.5x
- -   Projected fiscal year 2002 net income.......................   
9.7x to 11.0x
- -   LTM cash flow from operations...............................    3.7x to 4.2x
- -   Book value of equity........................................  1.35x to 1.45x

    Applying these multiples to RGS Energy resulted in equity values for RGS
Energy of $26.50 to $31.25 per share.
The closing price for RGS Energy shares on
February 15, 2001 was $32.85 per share.
As of February 15, 2001, the offer price
for each RGS Energy share was $39.50 per share.

    
With respect to Energy East and its comparable companies, Morgan Stanley
calculated multiples of total enterprise value to LTM EBITDA.
Morgan Stanley
also calculated multiples of market value to (1) projected fiscal year 2001 net
income, (2) projected fiscal year 2002 net income, (3) LTM cash flow from
operations plus dividends and (4) book value of equity.
The comparable
companies' projected fiscal year 2001 and 2002 earnings results were based on
publicly available median EPS estimates from I/B/E/S and shares outstanding as
of a company's latest 10-Q or 10-K. The Energy East comparable companies
analysis resulted in the following ranges of multiples as of February 14, 2001:

                                    ANALYSIS
                                MULTIPLE RANGES

- -   LTM EBITDA..................................................    7.0x to 8.0x
- -   Projected fiscal year 2001 net income.......................  
11.0x to 12.0x
- -   Projected fiscal year 2002 net income.......................  
10.3x to 11.5x
- -   LTM cash flow from operations...............................    
4.5x to 7.5x
- -   Book value of equity........................................  
1.50x to 1.60x

    Applying these multiples to Energy East resulted in equity values for Energy
East of $18.75 to $23.00 per share.
The closing price for Energy East shares on
February 15, 2001 was $19.49 per share.

    
No company utilized in the comparable company analysis is identical to RGS
Energy or Energy East.
In evaluating the comparable company groups, Morgan
Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of RGS Energy or Energy East.
These other
matters include the impact of competition on the business of RGS Energy or
Energy East and the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any
adverse material change in the financial condition and prospects of RGS Energy
or Energy East or in the industry or financial markets in general.
Mathematical
analysis, such as determining the average or median, is not in itself a
meaningful method of using comparable company data.

    
SELECTED COMPARABLE MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS ANALYSIS.  
Morgan Stanley
reviewed publicly available financial information for selected completed and
pending mergers and acquisitions involving companies in the integrated electric
and gas utility business.
The selected mergers and acquisitions included
(target/acquiror):

    - Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc./National Grid Group PLC

    - GPU Inc./FirstEnergy Corp.

    - IPALCO Enterprises Inc./AES Corp.

    - Bangor Hydro-Electric Co./NS Power Holdings

    - LG&E Energy Corp./PowerGen PLC

    - MidAmerican Energy Co./Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

    - Northeast Utilities/Consolidated Edison Inc.

    - Florida Progress Corp./Carolina Power & Light Co.

    - CMP Group Inc./Energy East Corp.

    - Empire District Electric Co./UtiliCorp United Inc.

    - St. Joseph Light & Power Co./UtiliCorp United Inc.

    - New England Electric System/National Grid Group PLC

    - PacifiCorp/ScottishPower PLC

    - Commonwealth Energy System/BEC Energy

    - CILCORP Inc./AES Corp.

    - MidAmerican Energy Co./CalEnergy

    - Orange & Rockland Utilities Inc./Consolidated Edison Inc.

    - Central & South West Corp./American Electric Power Co.

    - KU Energy Corp./LG&E Energy Corp.

    Morgan Stanley reviewed the consideration paid, or market value, (for stock
deals, based on acquiror stock prices on the day prior to the announcement of
the transaction) in the comparable transactions and calculated multiples of
total enterprise value to the targets' LTM (latest twelve months prior to the
announcement of the transaction) EBITDA.
Morgan Stanley also calculated
multiples of the consideration paid to the targets' (1) LTM net income, (2) LTM
cash flow from operations, (3) forward year earnings and (4) book value of
equity.
The comparable transactions analysis resulted in the following ranges:

                                    ANALYSIS
                                MULTIPLE RANGES

- -   LTM EBITDA..................................................    6.5x to 8.0x
- -   LTM net income..............................................  
15.0x to 17.0x
- -   Projected fiscal year 2001 net income.......................  
14.0x to 16.0x
- -   LTM cash flow from operations...............................    4.5x to 6.5x
- -   Book value of equity........................................    
1.5x to 1.7x

    Applying these multiples to RGS Energy resulted in equity values for RGS
Energy of $34.00 to $42.00 per share.
The closing price for RGS Energy shares on
February 15, 2001 was $32.85 per share.
As of February 15, 2001, the offer price
for each RGS Energy share was $39.50 per share.

    
No transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent transactions
analysis is identical to the merger.
In evaluating the precedent transactions,
Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of RGS Energy.
These other
matters include the impact of competition on RGS Energy and the industry
generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in the
financial condition and prospects of RGS Energy or in the industry or financial
markets in general.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or
median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using precedent transaction
data.

    PREMIUM ANALYSIS.  
Morgan Stanley analyzed RGS Energy based on a premium
range to the "unaffected price," defined as the midpoint of the comparable
public company analysis ($28.88).
Morgan Stanley applied a 25% to 40% premium to
the unaffected price, which resulted in equity values for RGS Energy of $36.00
to $40.50 per share.
The closing price for RGS Energy shares on February 15,
2001 was $32.85 per share.
As of February 15, 2001, the offer price for each RGS
Energy share was $39.50 per share.

    
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
Morgan Stanley analyzed RGS Energy based on
an unleveraged discounted cash flow analysis of the projected financial
performance of RGS Energy.
This projected financial performance was based upon a
five-year forecast for RGS Energy provided by RGS Energy management.
The
discounted cash flow analysis determined the discounted present value of the
unleveraged after-tax cash flows generated over the five-year period and then
added a terminal value based upon a range of EBITDA multiples of 6.25x to 7.25x.

The unleveraged after-tax cash flows and terminal value were discounted using a
range of discount rates (7.5% to 8.5%) that represented an estimate of the
weighted average cost of capital of RGS Energy.
The discounted cash flow
analysis of RGS Energy financials as provided by RGS Energy management resulted
in equity values for RGS Energy of $30.25 to $40.50 per share.

    
Morgan Stanley analyzed Energy East based on an unleveraged discounted cash
flow analysis of the projected financial performance of Energy East.
This
projected financial performance was based upon a five-year forecast for Energy
East provided by Energy East management.
The discounted cash flow analysis
determined the discounted present value of the unleveraged after-tax cash flows
generated over the five-year period and then added a terminal value based upon a
range of EBITDA multiples of 7.00x to 8.00x.
The unleveraged after-tax cash
flows and terminal value were discounted using a range of discount rates (7.5%
to 8.5%) that represented an estimate of the weighted average cost of capital of
Energy East.
The discounted cash flow analysis of Energy East financials as
provided by Energy East management resulted in equity values for Energy East of
$21.25 to $27.50.

    
PRO FORMA MERGER ANALYSIS.  
Morgan Stanley performed an analysis of the
potential pro forma effect of the merger on Energy East's EPS for the fiscal
years 2001 through 2005.
Morgan Stanley combined the projected operating results
of RGS Energy with the corresponding projected operating results of Energy East,
each provided by each company's respective management, to arrive at the combined
company projected net income.
Morgan Stanley divided the combined company
projected net income by the pro forma shares outstanding to arrive at the
combined company projected EPS.
Morgan Stanley then compared the combined
company projected EPS to Energy East's projected stand-alone results provided by
Energy East management to determine the projected pro forma impact on Energy
East.
This analysis suggested that, without assuming any cost savings due to the
merger, the merger would result in dilution to Energy East's EPS post goodwill
for years 2001-2005 and would result in dilution to Energy East's EPS
pre-goodwill in years 2001 and 2003 and accretion to Energy East's EPS
pre-goodwill in years 2002, 2004 and 2005.

    
In connection with the review of the merger by the RGS Energy board, Morgan
Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes
of its opinion given in connection therewith.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley
considered the results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute
any particular weight to any particular analysis or factor considered by it.

Furthermore, Morgan Stanley believes that selecting any portion of its analyses
or factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and factors as a
whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.
In
addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various analyses and factors more or
less weight than other assumptions, so that the ranges of valuations resulting
from any particular analysis described above should therefore not be taken to be
Morgan Stanley's view of the actual value of RGS Energy or Energy East.

    
In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of RGS Energy or Energy
East.
Any estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analysis are not necessarily
indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates.
The analyses were
prepared solely as part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a
financial point of view of the common share exchange ratio, pursuant to the
merger agreement, to the holders of RGS Energy common shares and were conducted
in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of its opinion dated
February 16, 2001 to the RGS Energy board of directors.
The analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which RGS Energy common
shares or Energy East ordinary shares actually may be valued or the prices at
which their shares may actually trade in the marketplace.
Accordingly, such
analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

    
In addition, as described above, Morgan Stanley's opinion and presentation
to the RGS Energy board of directors was one of many factors taken into
consideration by the RGS Energy board of directors in making its decision to
approve the merger.
Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analyses as described above
should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the RGS Energy board of
directors with respect to the value of RGS Energy or of whether the RGS Energy
board of directors would have been willing to agree to a different exchange
ratio.
The common stock exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and
other terms of the merger agreement were determined through arm's-length
negotiations between RGS Energy and Energy East and were approved by the RGS
Energy board of directors.
Morgan Stanley did not recommend any specific
exchange ratio to RGS Energy or that any given exchange ratio constituted the
only appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

    
Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with the mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
In the ordinary course of Morgan Stanley's trading, brokerage and
financing activities, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may at any time hold long
or short positions, trade or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account
or for the account of customers in the equity or debt securities or senior loans
of RGS Energy or Energy East.

    
Pursuant to an engagement letter between RGS Energy and Morgan Stanley dated
January 18, 2001, Morgan Stanley has earned a fee of $3,058,965 for the
rendering of the Morgan Stanley opinion and the public announcement of the
merger.
In addition, Morgan Stanley will receive a fee of $3,058,965, payable
upon the approval of the transaction by RGS Energy's shareholders, and another
$3,058,965 upon completion of the merger.
In addition, Morgan Stanley will be
reimbursed for certain of its related expenses.
Morgan Stanley will not be
entitled to any additional fees or compensation in the event the merger is not
approved or otherwise completed.
RGS Energy also agreed, under separate
agreement, to indemnify Morgan Stanley, its affiliates and each of its
directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling
Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under federal securities laws.

    
In the past, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided investment
banking and other financial services to RGS Energy and Energy East and have
received fees for the rendering of these services.
Morgan Stanley may provide
financial advisory services to, and may act as underwriter or placement agent
for, the combined company in the future.
In the ordinary course of Morgan
Stanley's business, Morgan Stanley may actively trade the securities of RGS
Energy and Energy East for its own account and for the accounts of its customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions in such
securities.


OPINION OF THE FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO THE ENERGY EAST BOARD

    On February 16, 2001, the Energy East board of directors received UBS
Warburg's oral opinion, which was subsequently followed by a written opinion as
of the same date, that, as of that date and subject to the various
considerations, assumptions, limitations and qualifications described in the
opinion, the consideration to be paid by Energy East to shareholders of RGS
Energy is fair, from a financial point of view, to Energy East.

    
Each Energy East shareholder is urged to read the actual UBS Warburg
opinion, dated February 16, 2001, which is attached as Appendix C to this
document.

    
In arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg, among other things:

    - reviewed certain publicly available business and historical financial
      information relating to Energy East and RGS Energy;

    - reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to
      the business and financial prospects of RGS Energy, including estimates
      and financial forecasts prepared by management of RGS Energy that were
      provided to UBS Warburg by RGS Energy and not publicly available;

    - reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to
      the business and financial prospects of Energy East, including estimates
      and financial forecasts prepared by the management of Energy East and not
      publicly available;

    - conducted discussions with members of the senior management of Energy East
      and RGS Energy, respectively, concerning the businesses and financial
      prospects of Energy East and RGS Energy;

    - reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect
      to certain other companies in lines of business UBS Warburg believed to be
      generally comparable to those of RGS Energy;

    - reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect
      to certain other companies in lines of business UBS Warburg believed to be
      generally comparable to those of Energy East;

    - compared the financial terms of the merger with the publicly available
      financial terms of certain other transactions which UBS Warburg believed
      to be generally relevant;

    - considered certain pro forma effects of the merger on Energy East's
      financial statements;

    - reviewed the merger agreement;

    - considered the strategic advantages of the merger; and

    - conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and
      considered such other information as UBS Warburg deemed necessary or
      appropriate.

    
In connection with their review, UBS Warburg, at Energy East's direction,
did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of any of the
information reviewed by UBS Warburg for the purpose of this opinion, and relied,
with Energy East's consent, on such information being complete and accurate in
all material respects.
At Energy East's direction, UBS Warburg has not made any
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of RGS Energy or Energy East, nor was UBS Warburg
furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.
With respect to the financial
forecasts, estimates and pro forma effects referred to above, UBS Warburg
assumed, at Energy East's direction, that they had been reasonably prepared on a
basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
managements of the companies as to the future performance of their respective
companies.
In addition, UBS Warburg also assumed, with Energy East's

approval, that the future financial results referred to above would be achieved
at the times and in the amounts projected by management.
UBS Warburg also
assumed, with Energy East's consent, that the merger will be accounted for under
the purchase method of accounting and that all governmental, regulatory or other
approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger will be obtained without
any material adverse effect on Energy East and/or RGS Energy.
Energy East did
not limit UBS Warburg regarding the procedures to be followed or factors to be
considered in rendering its opinion.

    
UBS Warburg's opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market
and other conditions in effect on, and the information made available to UBS
Warburg as of, the date thereof.

    
The UBS Warburg opinion did not address Energy East's underlying business
decision to effect the merger or constitute a recommendation to any shareholder
of Energy East as to how such shareholder should vote with respect to the
issuance of shares of Energy East common stock to effect the merger.
Other than
as set forth in its opinion, UBS Warburg had not been asked to, nor did UBS
Warburg offer any opinion as to the material terms of the merger agreement or
the form of the merger.
UBS Warburg expressed no opinion as to what the value of
Energy East common stock will be when issued pursuant to the merger or the
prices at which it will trade in the future.
In rendering its opinion, UBS
Warburg assumed, with Energy East's consent, that Energy East and RGS Energy
will comply with all the material terms of the merger agreement.

    
No company, transaction or business used in the analysis described below
under "RGS Energy Comparable Company Trading Analysis," "Energy East Comparable
Company Trading Analysis" and "Comparable Company Acquisition Analysis" is
identical to RGS Energy, Energy East or the proposed merger.
Accordingly, the
analysis of the results necessarily involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and
other factors.

    
In connection with rendering its opinion, UBS Warburg considered a variety
of valuation methods.
The following discussion summarizes the material valuation
methods considered by UBS Warburg.

    
RGS ENERGY COMPARABLE COMPANY TRADING ANALYSIS.  
Using publicly available
information, UBS Warburg compared multiples of certain financial criteria for
RGS Energy to multiples based upon market trading values at the time for certain
other companies which, in UBS Warburg's judgment, were generally comparable to
RGS Energy for the purpose of this analysis.
The factors UBS Warburg considered
in selecting companies for comparison included size, geographic location,
financial condition and scope of business operations.
The companies used in the
comparison were Alliant Energy Corporation; CH Energy Group, Inc.; Consolidated
Edison, Inc.; UIL Holdings Corporation; Vectren Corporation; Wisconsin Energy
Corporation; and WPS Resources Corporation.

    
In evaluating the current market value of RGS Energy common stock, UBS
Warburg determined ranges of multiples for selected measures of financial
performance for the comparable companies, including the market value per share
of outstanding common stock as a multiple of:

    - Net income per share of common stock ("EPS") for the latest 12-month
      period ("LTM"); and

    - Estimated EPS for the current and the following fiscal years as projected
      by I/B/E/S, a data service that monitors and publishes a compilation of
      earnings estimates produced by selected research analysts on companies of
      interest to investors.

    
In addition, UBS Warburg determined ranges of multiples for selected
measures of financial performance for the comparable companies, including the
adjusted market value of RGS Energy (defined as the market value of outstanding
common stock plus total debt, preferred and minority interests, less cash and
equivalents) as a multiple of:

    - LTM operating income, or earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT"); and

    - LTM operating cash flow, or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
      and amortization ("EBITDA").

    
UBS Warburg then compared such multiples to the corresponding data for RGS
Energy and developed an indicative trading range for RGS Energy.
This analysis
produced a range of multiples for RGS Energy in the indicative trading value
range.
The results are summarized in the following table, which shows the range
of multiples produced for each of the measures of RGS Energy's financial
performance in the indicative trading value range:

                                                            RGS        RGS
                                         COMPARABLE      ENERGY
AT  ENERGY AT
MEASURE OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE     COMPANY MULTIPLES   $29/SHARE  $35/SHARE
-
--------------------------------     ------------------  ---------  ---------

LTM EPS............................       12.0x--14.0x     11.2x      13.5x
2001 Estimated EPS.................       11.0x--13.5x     11.5x      13.9x
2002 Estimated EPS.................       11.0x--12.5x     11.0x      13.3x
LTM EBIT...........................       
10.0x--12.0x      9.7x      10.7x
LTM EBITDA.........................         
7.0x--8.0x      5.9x       6.6x

    As shown above, this analysis produced values of $29.00 to $35.00 per share
for RGS Energy.
RGS Energy's closing price of $33.10 on February 16, 2001, was
somewhat above the middle of this range.

    COMPARABLE COMPANY ACQUISITION ANALYSIS.  
UBS Warburg reviewed comparable
transactions that have been announced since 1998, excluding mergers of equals,
involving acquisitions of regulated gas and electric companies or holding
companies for regulated gas and electric companies based in the United States.

Fifteen comparable transactions were selected in which the target's equity value
exceeded $500 million.

    
The comparable transactions included the following announced and completed
transactions:

    - Potomac Electric Power Company and Conectiv;

    - National Grid Group plc and Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation;

    - The AES Corporation and IPALCO Enterprises, Inc.;

    - PowerGen plc and LG&E Energy Corporation;

    - Sierra Pacific Resources and Portland General Electric Company (Enron
      Corporation);

    - an investor group and MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company;

    - Consolidated Edison, Inc. and Northeast Utilities;

    - Carolina Power & Light Company and Florida Progress Corporation;

    - Energy East Corporation and CMP Group, Inc.;

    - Dynegy, Inc. and Illinova Corporation;

    - an investor group and TNP Enterprises, Inc.;

    - ScottishPower plc and PacifiCorp;

    - The AES Corporation and CILCORP Inc.;

    - CalEnergy Company, Inc. and MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company; and

    - Consolidated Edison, Inc. and Orange and Rockland Utilities, Inc.

    UBS Warburg calculated the equity consideration per share to be paid to the
second company's shareholders for each of the comparable transactions as a
multiple of various measures of financial performance for that company
including:

    - LTM EPS as of the date of each respective transaction announcement;

    - Estimated EPS for the then current and the following fiscal years as
      projected by I/B/E/S; and

    - Premium to the closing price per share of common stock for one day and one
      month prior to the date of each respective transaction announcement.

    
In addition, UBS Warburg calculated the adjusted acquisition value for each
of the comparable transactions as a multiple of each acquired company's:

    - LTM EBIT as of the date of each respective transaction announcement; and

    - LTM EBITDA as of the date of each respective transaction announcement.

    
UBS Warburg then compared such multiples to the corresponding data for RGS
Energy and developed an indicative acquisition value range for RGS Energy.
This
analysis produced a range of multiples for RGS Energy in the indicative
acquisition value range.
The results are summarized in the following table,
which shows the range of multiples produced in the indicative acquisition value
range for each of the selected measures of RGS Energy financial performance:

                                                            RGS        RGS
                                         COMPARABLE      ENERGY AT  ENERGY AT
MEASURE OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE     COMPANY MULTIPLES   $37/SHARE  $45/SHARE
- --------------------------------     ------------------  ---------  ---------

LTM EPS............................       14.0x--18.0x     14.2x      17.3x
2001 Estimated EPS.................       14.0x--18.0x     14.7x      17.9x
2002 Estimated EPS.................       14.0x--18.0x     14.1x      17.1x
LTM EBIT...........................       
10.0x--13.5x     11.1x      12.4x
LTM EBITDA.........................         
7.0x--8.0x      6.8x       7.6x
One-Day Premium (%)................         
20.0--35.0      12.1       36.4
One-Month Premium (%)..............         25.0--40.0      26.8       54.2

    As shown above, this analysis produced values of $37.00 to $45.00 per share
for RGS Energy.
The transaction price of $39.50 per share is somewhat below the
midpoint of this range.

    
UBS Warburg also performed a discounted cash flow analysis of RGS Energy
based upon projections furnished by RGS Energy that were reviewed by Energy East
management.
Utilizing these projections, UBS Warburg discounted to present
value, under assumed discount rates ranging from 7.00% to 8.00%, the unlevered
free cash flows through the year 2005 for RGS Energy.
Terminal values were
determined utilizing multiples of EBITDA of 7.0x to 8.0x, based on the EBITDA
multiples of public companies deemed comparable to RGS Energy.
These were the
same companies used by UBS Warburg in its comparable company trading analysis of
RGS Energy summarized above.
As an alternative measure, the terminal value was
calculated using perpetuity growth rates of 0.5% to 1.0%.
The present value of
the discounted cash flow of RGS Energy ranged from $36.00 to $44.00.
The
transaction price of $39.50 per share is at approximately the midpoint of this
range.

    
The valuation analysis of RGS Energy can be summarized as shown in the
following table:

VALUATION METHODOLOGY                         LOW END OF RANGE   HIGH END OF RANGE
- ---------------------                         ----------------   -----------------

Comparable Company Trading Analysis.........       $29.00             $35.00
Comparable Acquisition Analysis.............       $37.00             $45.00
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis...............       $36.00             $44.00

    ENERGY EAST COMPARABLE COMPANY TRADING ANALYSIS.  
Using publicly available
information, UBS Warburg compared multiples of certain financial criteria for
Energy East to multiples based upon market trading values at the time for
certain other electric utilities or holding companies for electric utilities
which, in UBS Warburg's judgment, were generally comparable to Energy East for
the purpose of this analysis.
The factors UBS Warburg considered in selecting
companies for comparison included size, geographic location, financial condition
and scope of business operations.
The companies used in the comparison were
Consolidated Edison, Inc.; NSTAR; Potomac Electric Power Company; Sempra Energy
and UIL Holdings Corporation.

    
In evaluating the current market value per share of Energy East common
stock, UBS Warburg determined ranges of multiples for selected measures of
financial performance for the comparable companies including the market value
per share of outstanding common stock as a multiple of:

    - LTM EPS; and

    - Estimated EPS for the current and the following fiscal years as projected
     by I/B/E/S.

    In addition, UBS Warburg determined ranges of multiples for selected
measures of financial performance for the comparable companies, including the
adjusted market value as a multiple of:

    - LTM EBIT; and

    - LTM EBITDA.

    
The Energy East comparable company trading analysis resulted in the
following range of multiples:

MEASURE OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                    COMPARABLE COMPANY MULTIPLES
- --------------------------------                    ----------------------------

LTM EPS...........................................       10.5x -- 13.0x
2001 Estimated EPS................................       10.0x -- 11.5x
2002 Estimated EPS................................       9.5x -- 11.0x
LTM EBIT..........................................       9.0x -- 10.0x
LTM EBITDA........................................       6.0x --  7.0x

    UBS Warburg then applied such multiples to the corresponding data for Energy
East, resulting in a range of equity values of $18.00 to $21.00 per share.

Energy East's closing price on February 16, 2001, was $19.14.
This analysis was
performed by UBS Warburg to determine if the Energy East common stock comprising
45% of the total consideration of the merger was appropriately valued.
Based on
this analysis, UBS Warburg determined that Energy East common stock was
appropriately valued.

    ACCRETION/DILUTION ANALYSIS.  
UBS Warburg analyzed certain pro forma effects
of the transaction on the estimated earnings per share of Energy East for 2002,
2003 and 2004.
This analysis was performed based upon forecasts provided by
Energy East management for Energy East's estimated earnings and upon RGS Energy
forecasts provided by RGS Energy management, with adjustments deemed appropriate
by Energy East management, and did not take into account any synergies that may
be realized as a result of the merger.
This resulted in dilution to Energy
East's earnings per share in each of the years analyzed, including the
amortization of goodwill.
However, assuming that the estimated synergies could
be obtained and retained, the transaction is accretive to Energy East's earnings
per share in each of the years analyzed, including the amortization of goodwill.

    
The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to
the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of these methods to particular circumstances.
Therefore, the opinion
and analysis are not readily susceptible to summary description.
Accordingly,
notwithstanding the separate factors and analyses summarized above, UBS Warburg
believes that its analysis must be considered as a whole and that selecting only
portions of its analysis

and the factors it considered, without considering all factors and analyses,
could create a misleading view of the evaluation process underlying the
opinions.
UBS Warburg did not assign any particular weight to any analyses or
factors it considered.
Rather, UBS Warburg made qualitative judgments based on
its experience in rendering these opinions and on economic, monetary and market
conditions then present as to the significance and relevance of each analysis
and factor.
In its analyses, UBS Warburg assumed relatively stable industry
performance, regulatory environments and general business and economic
conditions, all of which are beyond Energy East's control.
Any estimates
contained in UBS Warburg's analyses do not necessarily indicate actual value,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such
estimates.
Estimates of the financial value of companies do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect necessarily the prices at which companies or their
securities actually may be sold.

    
UBS Warburg is an internationally recognized investment banking firm.
As
part of its investment banking business, UBS Warburg is regularly engaged in
evaluating businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.
Energy East's board of
directors selected UBS Warburg on the basis of the firm's expertise and
reputation.

    
Pursuant to the engagement letter between Energy East and UBS Warburg,
Energy East paid UBS Warburg $2.0 million upon the rendering of UBS Warburg's
fairness opinion.
In addition, UBS Warburg will receive a $1.0 million payment
at the time of the Energy East shareholder approval of the issuance of Energy
East shares in connection with the merger.
At the completion of the merger, UBS
Warburg will receive a fee of $0.8 million.
Energy East has agreed to indemnify
UBS Warburg against certain liabilities, including liabilities under federal
securities laws, relating to or arising out of its engagement.
In the past, UBS
Warburg and its predecessors have provided investment banking services to Energy
East and received customary compensation for rendering such services.

    
In the ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg, its successors and
affiliates, have traded or may trade securities of Energy East and RGS Energy
for their own accounts and the accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may
at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.


EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

    
The merger will become effective when the parties to the merger agreement
file a certificate of merger with the Department of State of the State of New
York in accordance with the New York Business Corporation Law, or at a later
time that Energy East and RGS Energy may specify in the certificate of merger.

    
If the merger agreement is approved at the RGS Energy annual meeting, and
the issuance of Energy East shares in connection with the merger is approved at
the Energy East annual meeting, the effective time will occur two days after
satisfaction or waiver of the remaining conditions to the merger contained in
the merger agreement, including the receipt of all required regulatory
approvals.

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

    The certificate of incorporation of Eagle Merger Corp., in effect
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, will become the
certificate of incorporation of the surviving company, except that the name of
the surviving company will be "RGS Energy Group, Inc." The bylaws of Eagle
Merger Corp. in effect immediately prior to the effective time will be the
bylaws of the surviving company.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    The merger will be accounted for as an acquisition of RGS Energy by Energy
East under the purchase method of accounting in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.
A portion of the purchase price will be
allocated to non-utility assets and liabilities of RGS Energy based on their
estimated fair market value at the date of acquisition.
The assets and
liabilities of the regulated utility will not be revalued.
The difference
between the purchase price, representing fair value, and the recorded amounts
will be shown as goodwill on the balance sheet.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

    
We must comply with state and federal regulatory approval requirements
before we can complete the merger and the other transactions described in the
merger agreement.
Although there can be no guarantee that we will obtain the
requisite consents or approvals on a satisfactory or timely basis, or at all, we
currently believe that the necessary approvals can be obtained in sufficient
time to allow the merger to be completed in the first quarter of 2002.
If any of
the regulatory approvals include conditions or restrictions that would have a
material adverse effect on Energy East or RGS Energy, Energy East would have the
right to terminate the merger.

    
NEW YORK STATE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION.  
Under New York law, the New York
State Public Service Commission has jurisdiction over the transfer of the stock
of RG&E.
In deciding whether to approve the proposed transfer of stock, the
standard applied by the New York State Public Service Commission is whether the
transfer is in the public interest.
Factors which may be considered in
determining whether a merger is in the public interest include, but are not
limited to, ratepayer benefits, service quality and reliability, market power
issues, environmental impacts, affiliate transactions and the financial
integrity of the resulting corporation.
We have made the appropriate filings
seeking the consent of the New York State Public Service Commission to the
transfer of stock.

    
THE PUBLIC UTILITY HOLDING COMPANY ACT OF 1935.  
Energy East has registered
with the SEC as a holding company under the Public Utility Holding Company Act.

RGS Energy is a holding company that is exempt from most provisions of the
Public Utility Holding Company Act.

    
The SEC must approve the merger under the Public Utility Holding Company Act
of 1935, unless it finds that:

    - the merger would tend toward detrimental interlocking relations or
      detrimental concentration of control of public utilities;

    - the consideration to be paid in connection with the merger is not
      reasonable; or

    - the merger would unduly complicate the capital structure or be detrimental
      to the proper functioning of Energy East's holding company system after
      the merger.

    
The SEC must also find that the merger complies with applicable state law,
tends toward the development of an integrated public utility system and
otherwise conforms to the Public Utility Holding Company Act's integration and
corporate simplification standards.
Under the integration provisions of the
Public Utility Holding Company Act, to approve the merger, the SEC must also
find that the merger would serve the public interest, because it would tend
toward the development of an integrated public utility system (in this case
consisting of the electric properties of the Energy East and RGS Energy
systems).
Section 10(c)(1) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act prevents
the SEC from approving an acquisition that "would be detrimental to the carrying
out of the provisions of Section 11."
Section 11(b)(1) of the Public Utility
Holding Company Act generally confines the utility properties of a registered
holding company to a "single integrated public-utility system," either gas or
electric.
An exception to the requirement of a "single system" is provided in
section 11(b)(1)(A) through (C), the so-called "ABC clauses."
Under this
exception, a registered holding company may control one or more additional
integrated public utility systems if the SEC affirmatively finds that

(A) each of these additional systems cannot be operated as an independent system
without the loss of substantial economies; (B) all of these additional systems
are located in one state, adjoining states, or a contiguous foreign country; and
(C) the continued combination of these systems under the control of such holding
company is not so large as to impair the advantages of localized management,
efficient operation, or the effectiveness of regulation.

    
Although there can be no assurance, we believe that the combination of our
electric utility systems will constitute an "integrated" electric utility
system.
In addition, we believe that the SEC will make affirmative findings
under the ABC clauses that will permit Energy East to retain the gas utility
properties of Energy East and RGS Energy as an additional integrated gas utility
system.

    
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION.  
Under Section 203 of the Federal
Power Act, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has jurisdiction when a
public utility sells or otherwise disposes of facilities that are subject to its
jurisdiction.
A disposition is deemed made when there is a change of control of
the public utility that owns the facilities.
RG&E's transmission facilities are
subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
For
this reason, prior approval of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is
required in order to complete the merger.
In reviewing a merger, the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission generally evaluates the effect of a proposed merger
on competition and on rates and whether the proposed merger will impair the
effectiveness of regulation.

    
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION.  
RG&E holds a Nuclear Regulatory Commission
operating license for its Ginna Nuclear Plant, authorizing RG&E to own and
operate the Ginna facility.
RG&E also is a co-licensee for its 14% interest in
Nine Mile Point Nuclear Plant Unit No. 2, but has no operating authority under
that license.
The Atomic Energy Act provides that a license may not be
transferred or in any manner disposed of, directly or indirectly, through
transfer of control unless the Nuclear Regulatory Commission finds that the
transfer complies with the Atomic Energy Act and consents to the transfer.

    
HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT.  
The merger is subject to the
requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, and the rules
and regulations thereunder, which provide that certain acquisition transactions
may not be completed until specified information has been furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission
and until certain waiting periods have been terminated or have expired.
The
expiration or earlier termination of the Hart-Scott Act waiting period would not
preclude the Antitrust Division or the Federal Trade Commission from later
challenging the merger on antitrust grounds.
We do not believe that the merger
will violate federal antitrust laws.
If we do not complete the merger within
12 months after the expiration or earlier termination of the initial Hart-Scott
Act waiting period, we would be required to submit new information to the
Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission, and a new waiting period
would have to expire or be earlier terminated before the merger could be
completed.

    OBLIGATIONS TO OBTAIN REGULATORY APPROVALS.  
Under the merger agreement, we
have agreed to cooperate and use our best efforts to obtain all regulatory and
governmental approvals necessary or advisable to complete the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
All of these approvals
must not impose terms or conditions that, individually or in the aggregate,
would have or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
with respect to RGS Energy or Energy East.

    INJUNCTIONS.  
Our obligation to complete the merger is subject to the
condition that there be no law, regulation or injunction in effect that would
prohibit the completion of the merger.


NO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS OF APPRAISAL

    Under the laws of the State of New York, where both of our companies are
incorporated, neither Energy East shareholders nor RGS Energy shareholders are
entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.


LISTING OF THE ENERGY EAST SHARES ON THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

    In the merger agreement, Energy East, Eagle Merger Corp. and RGS Energy have
agreed to use reasonable efforts to cause Energy East shares that are to be
issued in connection with the merger to be listed for trading on the New York
Stock Exchange.
Approval for listing is a condition to the obligations of Energy
East, Eagle Merger Corp. and RGS Energy to complete the merger.


RESALE OF THE ENERGY EAST SHARES ISSUED IN THE MERGER; RGS ENERGY AFFILIATES

    Energy East shares to be issued to RGS Energy shareholders in connection
with the merger will be freely transferable under the Securities Act of 1933,
except for Energy East shares issued to any person deemed to be an affiliate of
RGS Energy for purposes of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act at the
time of the annual meeting.
Persons deemed affiliates may not sell their Energy
East shares acquired in connection with the merger, except pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering such Energy
East shares, or in compliance with Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act
or another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, RGS Energy has delivered to
Energy East a letter identifying all persons who are, and to such person's best
knowledge who will be at the closing, affiliates of RGS Energy.
The merger
agreement also requires RGS Energy to use all reasonable efforts to cause
shareholders who are, or are expected to be, affiliates to enter into an
agreement to comply with Rule 145 and certain other restrictions on the resale
of the affiliates' Energy East shares received in connection with the merger.


MERGER FINANCING

    In the merger, Energy East expects to pay RGS Energy shareholders
approximately $750 million in cash consideration.
Energy East anticipates
funding the cash consideration with the proceeds from the issuance of long-term
debt and preferred stock.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

    Some of the members of RGS Energy's management and the RGS Energy board of
directors have interests in the merger that are in addition to their interests
as RGS Energy shareholders generally.
As described below, Mr. Richards of RGS
Energy entered into an agreement with Energy East that will, effective upon
completion of the merger, provide for his employment with Energy East and for
certain severance benefits.
In addition, prior to the effective time of the
merger, RGS Energy is permitted to establish, subject to certain guidelines, a
retention program described in more detail below, pursuant to which certain
employees, including executive officers, will receive cash bonuses equal to a
percentage of their annual base salary.
Completion of the merger will constitute
a change in control of RGS Energy for purposes of determining the entitlement of
the executive officers of RGS Energy to certain severance and other benefits
described below.
Furthermore, Mr. Richards and two non-management directors of
RGS Energy will join the Energy East board of directors and Energy East will
extend offers to all individuals who are members of the RGS Energy board (other
than Mr. Richards and the two non-management directors of RGS Energy who will
join the Energy East board of directors) to become members of an advisory board
of the surviving company following the merger.
The members of the advisory board
will provide advice to the board of directors of the surviving company with
respect to various matters and will receive remuneration for their services
equivalent to remuneration currently provided to non-employee directors of RGS
Energy.

    
The RGS Energy board of directors was aware of these interests and
considered them, among many other matters, in approving the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    
MR. RICHARDS' EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH ENERGY EAST.  
Mr. Richards, chairman
of the board, president and chief executive officer of RGS Energy, has entered
into an agreement relating to his employment with Energy East following
completion of the merger.
Mr. Richards' employment agreement will supersede his
existing severance agreement with RGS Energy upon completion of the merger.

    
The term of Mr. Richards' agreement will begin upon completion of the
merger, with an initial term ending on the third anniversary of that date, and
automatic extensions of the term by an additional year on each anniversary of
the completion of the merger unless either party provides 90 days' prior written
notice to the other not to extend the term.
Under the agreement, Mr. Richards
will serve as (i) chairman, president and chief executive officer of RGS Energy,
(ii) chairman and chief executive officer of RG&E and NYSEG and (iii) a member
of the board of directors and an executive vice president of Energy East.
During
the employment term, Mr. Richards will be paid an annual base salary of not less
than $475,000, subject to certain increases, and his salary will be reviewed for
possible further increases at least annually during the employment term.
During
the employment term, Mr. Richards will also be eligible to receive an annual
bonus under Energy East's Annual Executive Incentive Plan or any successor bonus
plan, with a threshold bonus opportunity of 70% of his annual base salary and a
maximum bonus opportunity of 140% of his annual base salary.

    
Under his employment agreement, on the date the merger is completed, Energy
East will grant Mr. Richards an option to purchase 150,000 Energy East shares
with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date
of grant.
The options will vest one-third on the first anniversary of the date
of grant, one-third on the second anniversary of the date of grant, and
one-third on the third anniversary of the date of grant, or if earlier, upon a
change of control of Energy East, as defined in Energy East's 2000 Stock Option
Plan.

    
Mr. Richards' agreement also provides that he will be entitled to
participate in the incentive compensation and employee benefit plans that are
made available to executives and key management employees of Energy East, RGS
Energy, RG&E and NYSEG on terms and conditions no less favorable than those
applicable to executives and key management employees.
In addition,
Mr. Richards' employee benefits will not be less favorable in the aggregate than
those provided to Mr. Richards by RGS Energy as of February 16, 2001.

    
Mr. Richards' agreement further provides that if his employment is
terminated during the employment term by Mr. Richards for "good reason," or by
Energy East or RGS Energy for reasons other than "cause," death, or disability,
Mr. Richards will be entitled to:

    - a lump sum cash payment equal to three times the sum of Mr. Richards' base
      salary and incentive compensation equal to the higher of (1) the annual
      bonus (if any) earned by Mr. Richards under his agreement for the most
      recent fiscal year ended before the date of termination and (2) the
      average of the annual bonuses earned by Mr. Richards for the lesser of the
      number of years that he has been eligible to earn an annual bonus under
      his agreement and the three most recently completed fiscal years that
      ended before the date of termination (except that if the performance
      period for his first annual bonus has not been completed by the date of
      termination, his incentive compensation will equal the target annual
      bonus);

    - any unpaid portion of his base salary through the date of termination at
      the rate in effect immediately before the notice of termination is given;

    - a pro rata target annual bonus for the fiscal year of termination;

    - a lump sum cash payment representing the value of the additional pension
      benefits Mr. Richards would have received, had he remained employed for
      three additional years;

    - continuation of health, life insurance and accidental death and
      dismemberment benefits for three years following the date of termination,
      or, in the event that such participation is not permitted by the terms of
      the plans, substantially equivalent alternative coverage, or in the case
      of health plans only, a cash amount equal, on a net after-tax basis, to
      the premiums charged to persons electing to receive such coverage under
      COBRA;

    - all other compensation and benefits, other than severance compensation and
      benefits, to which Mr. Richards is entitled under the terms of any
      compensation or benefit plan, program or arrangement maintained by Energy
      East, RGS Energy, RG&E or NYSEG as then in effect; and

    - any unreimbursed business expenses that would ordinarily be reimbursed by
      Energy East or RGS Energy.

    
In addition, the options granted to Mr. Richards upon completion of the
merger, as described above, will vest and remain exercisable for one year
following the date of termination.

    
If any payments or benefits that Mr. Richards receives are subjected to the
excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, his
agreement provides for an additional payment to him to restore him to the
after-tax position that he would have been in, if the excise tax had not been
imposed.

    
The agreement also provides that, during his employment with Energy East and
its subsidiaries and affiliates, and for a period of one year after the
termination of his employment for any reason other than a termination of
employment by Energy East or RGS Energy without "cause" or a resignation by
Mr. Richards for "good reason," Mr. Richards may not compete with Energy East
and its affiliates or subsidiaries in Connecticut, Maine, Maryland,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
and Vermont.

    
Under the terms of the employment agreement, Energy East is responsible for
paying all reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by Mr. Richards in any
dispute concerning the interpretation or enforcement of the agreement.

    
RETENTION PROGRAM.  
Under the terms of the merger agreement, RGS Energy will
be permitted to establish a retention program for employees of RGS Energy and
its subsidiaries prior to completion of the merger, subject to review, comment
and final approval by Energy East.
The retention program will provide 21
employees (including each of the executive officers) of RGS Energy with a cash
award equal to 100%, 50%, or 25% of each employee's annual base salary.
The
retention award will be payable 50% upon completion of the merger and 50% on the
six-month anniversary thereof.
In the event that the merger is abandoned without
being completed, the retention awards will become immediately payable in full.

In the event that the merger is not completed by November 16, 2002, the first
50% of each retention award will be payable on that date.

    
Upon termination of a participating employee's employment by Energy East or
RGS Energy without "cause" or upon such employee's resignation for "good
reason," such employee will be entitled to immediate payment of the retention
award.
Upon termination of a participating employee's employment by Energy East
or RGS Energy for "cause" or if such employee resigns without "good reason," any
unpaid portion of the retention award will be forfeited.

    
If the merger were completed on April 1, 2002, and based on certain
assumptions and currently available information, the executive officers would
receive the following retention bonuses: $416,420 for Mr. Richards; $233,405 for
Mr. Tomaino; $220,646 for Mr. Bovalino; $216,320 for Mr. Wilkens and $913,209
for all remaining employees as a group.
The total of all retention bonuses paid
to all employees will not exceed $2 million.

    SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS.  
RGS Energy has severance agreements with 21 of its
employees (including each of the executive officers).
These severance agreements
provide for certain severance benefits in the event of an involuntary
termination of employment within three years after a change in control of RGS
Energy.
The completion of the merger will be a change in control for purposes of
those agreements.
Under the severance agreements, an "involuntary termination"
means a resignation by the executive that results from a "change in duties" or a
termination of employment by the surviving company or its subsidiaries except a
termination for "cause," or by reason of death, disability, or normal retirement
under a retirement plan to which the executive was subject before completion of
the merger.
The severance benefits under each of these severance agreements,
which are based on three years' pay and benefits for the RGS Energy executive
officers and one or two years' pay and benefits for the other RGS Energy
executives, consist of:

    - a lump sum payment equal to one, two or three times the greater of
      (1) the highest annual base salary paid or payable to the executive with
      respect to any twelve consecutive month period, as selected by the
      executive, during the three years ending with the termination date, and
      (2) his or her base salary as in effect on or before the date of
      termination, without regard to any reduction giving rise to an involuntary
      termination under the agreement;

    - a lump sum payment equal to one, two or three times the greater of
      (i) the executive's bonus earned for the final year of employment and
      (ii) the average of his or her bonuses for the three years before the
      termination date;

    - a pro rata share of his or her unpaid annual bonus for the year of
      termination, based on actual performance for such year and payable at the
      same time as bonuses are generally paid to other executives of RGS Energy;

    - continuation of health, dental, life, accident, and disability insurance
      coverage for one, two or three years after the date of termination;

    - one, two or three years' credit under retirement plans, assuming annual
      compensation increases for purposes of the retirement plans equal to the
      highest base salary increase received by the executive in the three years
      before the date of termination and annual bonus payouts at target; and

    - reimbursement of relocation costs or the cost of outplacement services
      incurred during the two-year period following termination that are not
      reimbursed by another employer.

    
In addition, upon an involuntary termination occurring within three years
after completion of the merger, all outstanding options and other equity awards
held by executives who are party to a severance agreement will vest.

    
RGS Energy also must pay any legal fees and costs that an executive incurs
in any litigation brought to enforce or interpret any provision of the severance
agreements.

    
If the merger were completed on April 1, 2002 and the employment of each
executive officer who is a party to a severance agreement were involuntarily
terminated immediately thereafter, the estimated cash severance that would be
payable under the severance agreements, based on certain assumptions and
currently available information, would be: $896,085 for Mr. Tomaino; $854,818
for Mr. Bovalino; $838,059 for Mr. Wilkens; and $4,169,124 for all remaining
officers as a group.
Mr. Richards will not be eligible to receive any severance
benefits under his agreement because it will be superseded by his new employment
agreement with Energy East, described above.

    
In addition, if any payments or benefits received by an executive who is a
party to a severance agreement are subjected to the excise tax imposed under
Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, the agreements provide for a payment
to the executive to restore such executive to the after-tax position that he or
she would have been in, if the excise tax had not been imposed.

    
EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN.  
RGS Energy maintains an Executive Incentive Plan
pursuant to which participating employees are eligible for annual cash awards
based on the achievement of certain performance targets.
The merger agreement
provides that upon completion of the merger, the Executive Incentive Plan will
terminate and each participating employee, including the executive officers,
will be paid a pro rata portion of his or her target bonus.
If the merger were
completed on April 1, 2002 and based on certain assumptions and currently
available information, the executive officers would receive the following
payments under this provision of the Executive Incentive Plan: $31,232 for
Mr. Richards; $14,588 for Mr. Tomaino; $13,790 for Mr. Bovalino; $13,520 for
Mr. Wilkens; and $84,315 for all remaining officers as a group.

    
DEFERRED STOCK UNIT PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS AND DEFERRED
COMPENSATION PLAN.
Any benefits or rights accrued and unpaid to a director,
whether or not retired from the board, and which each director would have
otherwise received for those years of service preceding the completion of the
merger, will be paid at the time and in the manner set out in the relevant
plans.
The aggregate amount payable to the directors under these plans is
expected to be approximately $4.5 million.

    
SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT BENEFIT PROGRAM AND THE SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE
RETIREMENT PROGRAM AND RELATED TRUSTS.
RGS Energy maintains both a Supplemental
Retirement Benefit Program and a Supplemental Executive Retirement Program.
The
Supplemental Retirement Benefit Program provides monthly defined benefit
payments to participants whose benefits cannot be fully provided by RGS Energy's
defined benefit pension plan because of the limitations imposed under the
Internal Revenue Code.
The Supplemental Executive Retirement Program provides
participants with a targeted level of retirement benefits based on years of
service.
Upon completion of the merger, the grantor trust maintained in
connection with the Supplemental Retirement Benefit Program and the Supplemental
Executive Retirement Program must be fully and immediately funded.
It is
therefore expected that in anticipation of the completion of the merger, an
aggregate of $12 million will be contributed to this trust to fund benefits of
executive officers.

    
STOCK-BASED RIGHTS.  
All unvested options to purchase shares of RGS Energy
stock then held by executive officers and employees (including certain former
employees) will vest upon completion of the merger.
In addition, the merger
agreement provides that all transfer restrictions applicable to any share of RGS
Energy common stock owned by an executive officer or employee of RGS Energy will
lapse upon completion of the merger.
The merger agreement also provides that,
upon completion of the merger, each outstanding and unexercised stock option to
acquire shares of RGS Energy common stock granted under the RGS Energy stock
plans will cease to represent the right to acquire shares of RGS Energy common
stock and will be converted into, and become a right, to receive a cash payment
equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of $39.50 over the exercise
price of such option and (ii) the number of shares of RGS Energy subject to such
option.
In addition, the merger agreement provides that each holder of a stock
option will be paid upon completion of the merger an amount in cash equal to the
aggregate dividend equivalents credited to the account of such holder.
See "The
Merger Agreement--Additional Agreements--RGS Energy's Stock and Other Plans.
"

    If the merger were completed on April 1, 2002, and the RGS Energy executive
officers and employees (including certain former employees) did not exercise any
of their RGS Energy stock options before completion of the merger, they would
receive the following amounts with respect to their options that will be
exercisable before completion of the merger and with respect to options that
will become exercisable upon completion of the merger: Mr. Richards, $1,291,198
and $1,122,503; Mr. Tomaino, $489,607 and $560,425; Mr. Bovalino, $762,093 and
$405,126; Mr. Wilkens, $430,618 and $468,569; and all remaining officers and
employees (including certain former employees), as a group, $6,142,479 and
$4,338,143.
In addition, they would receive a cash payment equal to the
following for all dividend equivalents held with respect to their vested and
unvested options: Mr. Richards, $670,603 and $377,379; Mr. Tomaino, $276,031 and
$161,578; Mr. Bovalino, $368,737 and $87,265; Mr. Wilkens, $226,311 and
$162,023; and all remaining officers and employees (including certain former
employees),

as a group, $3,126,476 and $911,112.
In the aggregate, shares held by executive
officers and employees (including certain former employees) that were subject to
restriction before the merger will no longer be subject to restriction as a
result of completion of the merger.

    
INDEMNIFICATION.  
Pursuant to the merger agreement, from and after the
effective time of the merger, Energy East and the surviving company will, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each individual who is at the effective time of the merger, or was prior to the
effective time of the merger, an officer, director or employee of RGS Energy or
any of its subsidiaries against all losses, expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages or liabilities or, subject to
certain restrictions, amounts paid in settlement, arising out of actions or
omissions occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger that are at
least in part (1) based on the fact that that individual was a director, officer
or employee of such entity or (2) based on the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

    
In addition, for six years after the effective time, Energy East will either
(1) maintain policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance for the
benefit of those persons who currently are covered by RGS Energy's existing
directors' and officers' liability insurance policies or (2) provide tail
coverage for those persons, which provides for coverage for a period of six
years for acts prior to the effective time of the merger.
In either case, the
terms of the coverage will be at least as favorable as the terms of the current
insurance coverage.
Energy East will not, however, be required to expend in any
year more than 200% of the annual aggregate premiums that RGS Energy currently
pays.


MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

    
The following discussion is a summary description of the material U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger applicable to RGS Energy
shareholders.
This discussion is for general information only and does not
purport to consider all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be
relevant to an RGS Energy shareholder.
For example, this discussion does not
address the effect, if any, of the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act
on non-U.S. persons who hold RGS Energy shares.
This discussion is based upon
the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, existing regulations, and
administrative and judicial interpretations of the Internal Revenue Code, all as
in effect as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to change (possibly
with retroactive effect).
This discussion applies only to RGS Energy
shareholders who hold their RGS Energy shares as capital assets within the
meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code and does not apply to the
following:

    - shareholders who received their RGS Energy shares pursuant to the exercise
      of employee stock options or similar securities or otherwise as
      compensation;

    - shareholders who hold their RGS Energy shares as part of a "straddle,"
      "hedge," "conversion transaction," "synthetic security" or other
      integrated investment;

    - shareholders (including, without limitation, financial institutions,
      insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, dealers or traders in
      securities and shareholders subject to the alternative minimum tax) who
      may be subject to special rules;

    - shareholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; or

    - shareholders who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are non-resident
      alien individuals, foreign corporations, foreign partnerships, or foreign
      estates or trusts.

    
This discussion also does not consider the effect of any foreign, state or
local laws or any U.S. federal laws other than U.S. federal laws pertaining to
the income tax.

    
THE INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES OF EACH RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER MAY AFFECT THE
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO SUCH RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER.
THE PARTICULAR
FACTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES OF AN RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER THAT MAY SO AFFECT THE
CONSEQUENCES ARE NOT DISCUSSED HERE.
ACCORDINGLY, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX
ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE TAX EFFECT TO YOU OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE
APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF FOREIGN, OR U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER TAX
LAWS.
NON-U.S. SHAREHOLDERS, IF ANY, WHO HOLD OR HAVE HELD (DIRECTLY,
CONSTRUCTIVELY, OR BY ATTRIBUTION)
MORE THAN 5% OF THE OUTSTANDING RGS ENERGY
SHARES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF
THE MERGER UNDER THE FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN REAL PROPERTY TAX ACT, INCLUDING ANY
TAX FILING REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY APPLY.

    
Except as described below under "--Effect of Restructuring the Merger," the
completion of the merger is contingent upon the receipt by:

    - Energy East of an opinion from its attorneys to the effect that the merger
      will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
      of the Internal Revenue Code; and

    - RGS Energy of an opinion from its attorneys to the effect that the merger
      will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
      of the Internal Revenue Code.

    
The opinions will be based upon certain customary assumptions and
representations, including representations contained in certificates of officers
of Energy East, RGS Energy and others.
No ruling has been or will be sought from
the Internal Revenue Service as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of
the merger, and the opinions of counsel are not binding upon the Internal
Revenue Service or any court.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the
Internal Revenue Service will not contest the conclusions expressed in the
opinions or that a court will not sustain such contest.

    
Except for the discussion below under "--Effect of Restructuring the
Merger," the following discussion of U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger to RGS Energy shareholders assumes that the merger will qualify as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
As discussed below, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger
to an RGS Energy shareholder depend on the form of consideration received by the
shareholder, and may further depend on whether (1) the shareholder is deemed to
constructively own RGS Energy shares under Section 318 of the Internal Revenue
Code (which generally deems a person to own stock that is owned by certain
family members or related entities or that is the subject of an option or
options owned or deemed owned by such person), and (2) the shareholder actually
or constructively owns any Energy East shares.

    
SHAREHOLDERS WHO RECEIVE SOLELY ENERGY EAST SHARES.
An RGS Energy
shareholder who exchanges RGS Energy shares solely for Energy East shares will
not recognize any gain or loss on that exchange, except to the extent the
shareholder receives cash in lieu of fractional shares of Energy East (as
discussed below).
The aggregate adjusted tax basis of Energy East shares
received will equal the RGS Energy shareholder's aggregate adjusted tax basis in
the RGS Energy shares surrendered (reduced by the tax basis allocable to any
fractional shares of Energy East received in the merger).
The holding period of
the Energy East shares received pursuant to the merger will include the holding
period of the RGS Energy shares surrendered.

    SHAREHOLDERS WHO RECEIVE CASH AND ENERGY EAST SHARES.  
If the consideration
received in the merger by an RGS Energy shareholder consists of part cash and
part Energy East shares and the shareholder's adjusted basis in the RGS Energy
shares surrendered in the transaction is less than the sum of the fair market
value, as of the date of the merger, of the Energy East shares and the amount of
cash received by the shareholder, then the shareholder will recognize a gain.

This recognized gain will equal the lesser of (1) the sum of the amount of cash
and the fair market value, as of the date of the merger, of the Energy East
shares received, minus the adjusted basis of the RGS Energy shares surrendered
in exchange therefor, and (2) the amount of cash received by the shareholder in
the

exchange.
However, if an RGS Energy shareholder's adjusted basis in the RGS
Energy shares surrendered in the transaction is greater than the sum of the
amount of cash and the fair market value of the Energy East shares received, the
RGS Energy shareholder's loss will not be currently allowed or recognized for
U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The rules set forth above assume that the
basis in each share held by the RGS Energy shareholder is equal.
RGS Energy
shareholders who bought shares of RGS Energy at different prices, or otherwise
own shares with unequal bases, must make the above calculations separately for
each RGS Energy share surrendered, taking into account the shareholder's basis
in each share and a pro rata portion of the aggregate consideration received by
the shareholder.
A loss realized on one RGS Energy share may not be used to
offset a gain realized on another share.

    
In the case of an RGS Energy shareholder who recognizes gain on the
exchange, if the exchange sufficiently reduces the shareholder's proportionate
stock interest (as discussed below), the gain will be characterized as a capital
gain.
Such gain will be long-term capital gain if the shareholder's holding
period for the RGS Energy shares surrendered exceeds one year.
If the exchange
does not sufficiently reduce the shareholder's proportionate stock interest,
such gain will be taxable as a dividend to the extent of the shareholder's
ratable share of available earnings and profits (and the remainder, if any, of
such recognized gain will be capital gain).

    
The determination of whether the exchange sufficiently reduces an RGS Energy
shareholder's proportionate stock interest will be made in accordance with
Section 302 of the Internal Revenue Code, taking into account the stock
ownership attribution rules of Section 318 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Under
those rules, for purposes of determining whether the exchange sufficiently
reduces a shareholder's proportionate stock interest, an RGS Energy shareholder
is treated as if (1) all such shareholder's RGS Energy shares were first
exchanged in the merger for Energy East shares and (2) a portion of those Energy
East shares were then redeemed for the cash actually received in the merger.
The
RGS Energy shareholder's hypothetical stock interest in Energy East (both actual
and constructive) after hypothetical step (2) is compared to such RGS Energy
shareholder's hypothetical stock interest in Energy East (both actual and
constructive) after hypothetical step (1).
Dividend treatment will apply unless
the shareholder's stock interest in Energy East has been completely terminated,
there has been a "substantially disproportionate" reduction in the shareholder's
stock interest in Energy East (I.E., such interest after hypothetical step
(2) is less than 80% of the interest after hypothetical step (1)), or the
exchange is not "essentially equivalent to a dividend."
While the determination
is based on an RGS Energy shareholder's particular facts and circumstances, the
Internal Revenue Service has indicated in published rulings that a distribution
is not "essentially equivalent to a dividend" and will therefore result in
capital gain treatment if the distribution results in any actual reduction in
the stock interest of an extremely small minority shareholder in a publicly held
corporation and the shareholder exercises no control with respect to corporate
affairs.

    
BECAUSE THE DETERMINATION OF WHETHER A PAYMENT WILL BE TREATED AS HAVING THE
EFFECT OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF A DIVIDEND GENERALLY WILL DEPEND UPON THE FACTS
AND CIRCUMSTANCES OF EACH RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER, RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS ARE
STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX TREATMENT
OF CASH RECEIVED IN THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION OF THE CONSTRUCTIVE
OWNERSHIP RULES OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE AND THE EFFECT OF ANY TRANSACTIONS
IN ENERGY EAST SHARES OR RGS ENERGY SHARES BY THE RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDER.

    
The basis of an RGS Energy shareholder who receives cash and Energy East
shares in the merger in the Energy East shares received will equal such
shareholder's adjusted basis in the shareholder's RGS Energy shares increased by
any gain recognized as a result of the merger and reduced by the amount of cash
received in the merger.
The holding period of the Energy East shares received
will include the holding period of the RGS Energy shares surrendered.

    SHAREHOLDERS WHO RECEIVE SOLELY CASH.  
The exchange of RGS Energy shares
solely for cash generally will result in recognition of gain or loss by the
shareholder in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash
received and the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the RGS Energy shares
surrendered.
The gain or loss recognized will be long-term capital gain or loss
if the shareholder's holding period for the RGS Energy shares surrendered
exceeds one year.
An RGS Energy shareholder who receives only cash in exchange
for all such shareholder's RGS Energy shares and actually or constructively owns
Energy East shares after the merger should, however, consult the shareholder's
tax advisor to determine the amount and character of any income recognized in
connection with the merger.
Furthermore, there are limitations on the extent to
which any shareholder may deduct capital losses from ordinary income.

    
CASH RECEIVED IN LIEU OF FRACTIONAL SHARES.
An RGS Energy shareholder who
receives cash in lieu of a fractional Energy East share will be treated as
having first received such fractional Energy East share in the merger and then
as having received cash in exchange for the fractional share interest.
Thus,
such an RGS Energy shareholder generally will recognize gain or loss in an
amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in lieu of
the fractional Energy East share and the portion of the basis in the RGS Energy
shares allocable to that fractional interest.

    
SPECIAL RULES FOR SHAREHOLDERS THAT ARE CORPORATIONS.  
To the extent that
cash received in exchange for RGS Energy shares is taxable as a dividend (as
described above) to an RGS Energy shareholder that is a corporation, that
shareholder will be (1) eligible for a dividends received deduction (subject to
applicable limitations) and (2) subject to the "extraordinary dividend"
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code.
Under those provisions, any such cash
that is taxable as a dividend to a corporate shareholder will constitute an
extraordinary dividend.
Consequently, the nontaxed portion of any such dividend
will reduce the adjusted tax basis of an RGS Energy shareholder that is a
corporation in the Energy East shares received in the merger, but not below
zero, and will thereafter be taxable as capital gain.

    EFFECT OF RESTRUCTURING THE MERGER.  
Energy East may, for tax reasons, have
to increase the number of RGS Energy shares converted into Energy East shares
and decrease the number of RGS Energy shares converted into cash.
In that event,
RGS Energy may elect instead to change the form of the merger.
If RGS Energy
elects to change the form of the merger, Eagle Merger Corp. will merge into RGS
Energy in a transaction that is fully taxable to RGS Energy shareholders and the
requirement that Energy East and RGS Energy receive the opinions referred to
above regarding reorganization status will not apply.
For each RGS Energy share
surrendered, an RGS Energy shareholder will recognize gain equal to the excess,
if any, of (1) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value (as of
the date of the merger) of the Energy East shares received for the RGS Energy
share surrendered over (2) the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the RGS
Energy share surrendered.
If the RGS Energy shareholder's basis in the RGS
Energy share surrendered exceeds the sum of the amount of cash and the fair
market value (as of the date of the merger) of the Energy East shares received
for the RGS Energy share surrendered, then the RGS Energy shareholder should
recognize a loss equal to such excess.
RGS Energy shareholders that will realize
a loss in the merger should consult their own tax advisor regarding allowance of
the loss in their particular circumstances.
The gain or loss recognized will be
long-term capital gain or loss if the shareholder's holding period of the RGS
Energy shares surrendered exceeds one year.
The tax basis of the Energy East
shares received in the merger will generally be the fair market value of such
shares as of the date of the merger, and the holding period of such shares will
not include the holding period of the RGS Energy shares surrendered.

    
MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO ENERGY EAST, RGS ENERGY AND
EAGLE MERGER CORP.
Assuming that the merger is treated as a reorganization, none
of Energy East, RGS Energy or Eagle Merger Corp. will recognize gain or loss as
a result of the merger.
The same result would apply if the merger were
restructured as described above under "--Effect of Restructuring the Merger.
"

    BACKUP WITHHOLDING.  
Payments in connection with the merger may be subject
to "backup withholding" at a rate of 31%, unless an RGS Energy shareholder
(1) provides a correct taxpayer identification number (which, for an individual
shareholder, is the shareholder's social security number) and any other required
information to the paying agent, or (2) is a corporation or comes within certain
exempt categories and, when required, demonstrates that fact and otherwise
complies with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules.
An RGS
Energy shareholder who does not provide a correct taxpayer identification number
may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.
Any amount
paid as backup withholding does not constitute an additional tax and will be
creditable against the shareholder's U.S. federal income tax liability.
Each RGS
Energy shareholder should consult with his or her own tax advisor as to his or
her qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for
obtaining such exemption.
RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS MAY PREVENT BACKUP WITHHOLDING
BY COMPLETING A SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 (WHICH WILL BE INCLUDED WITH THEIR LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL) AND SUBMITTING IT TO THE PAYING AGENT FOR THE MERGER WHEN THEY
SUBMIT THEIR RGS ENERGY SHARE CERTIFICATES.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    THE FOLLOWING DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS
ONLY A SUMMARY AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE ACTUAL
MERGER AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX A TO THIS DOCUMENT.
WE
URGE YOU TO READ CAREFULLY THE MERGER AGREEMENT BECAUSE IT, AND NOT THIS
DOCUMENT, IS THE LEGAL DOCUMENT THAT GOVERNS THE MERGER.


GENERAL

    The merger agreement provides that RGS Energy will merge with and into Eagle
Merger Corp., which will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy East at the
effective time of the merger.
Eagle Merger Corp. will survive the merger as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Energy East and will be renamed "RGS Energy
Group, Inc.
"

    The closing of the merger will occur on the second business day immediately
following the date upon which all conditions to the merger have been satisfied
or waived, or at such other time as the parties agree.
At the closing of the
merger, the parties will file a certificate of merger with the Department of
State of the State of New York.
The merger will become effective upon the filing
of this certificate or at such later time as may be set forth in the
certificate.
We currently expect that the closing of the merger will take place
in the first quarter of 2002.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS

    DIRECTORS.  
After the merger becomes effective, the board of directors of
the surviving company will consist of two directors appointed by Energy East and
one director appointed by RGS Energy.
Energy East intends to nominate Mr. von
Schack and Mr. Jasinski, while RGS Energy intends to nominate Mr. Richards.

These directors will hold office until their successors are duly elected or
appointed and qualified.
In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement, Energy
East will add three members to its board of directors.
These additional seats
will be filled by Mr. Richards and two current non-management directors of RGS
Energy.

    OFFICERS.  
After the merger becomes effective, RGS Energy will nominate one
person who will serve as president and chief executive officer of the surviving
company.
RGS Energy intends to nominate Mr. Richards to hold these offices.

Energy East will nominate the other officer of the surviving company, who will
serve as vice president, general counsel and secretary.
Energy East intends to
nominate Mr. Jasinski to hold these offices.
All officers will hold their
positions until their successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

Mr. Richards will also serve as chairman of the surviving company, and will hold
other positions as specified in an employment agreement that he, RGS Energy and
Energy East have executed.


CONVERSION OF RGS ENERGY SHARES

    MERGER CONSIDERATION.  
At the effective time of the merger, all outstanding
RGS Energy shares (other than those that are held by RGS Energy as treasury
stock) will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration.

Each RGS Energy shareholder has a right to make an election as to the form in
which he or she would like to receive the merger consideration, which may be
subject to proration or adjustment based on tax considerations as explained
below.
RGS Energy shareholders can elect to receive cash, Energy East shares or
a combination of cash and Energy East shares.
The cash consideration is $39.50,
without interest, per RGS Energy share.
The stock consideration is a number of
Energy East shares per RGS Energy share that will vary depending on the Average
Market Price.
If the Average Market Price is equal to or more than $16.57 per
share and equal to or less than $22.41 per share, then each RGS Energy share
will be exchanged for $39.50 worth of Energy East shares.
If the Average Market
Price is less than $16.57, then each RGS Energy share will be exchanged for
2.3838 Energy East shares, irrespective of the value of those shares.
Finally,
if the Average Market

Price is greater than $22.41 per share, then each RGS Energy share will be
exchanged for 1.7626 Energy East shares, again irrespective of the value of
those shares.
If an RGS Energy shareholder wants a combination of cash and
Energy East shares, he or she must designate how many of his or her RGS Energy
shares he or she would like to convert into the $39.50 in cash and how many he
or she would like to convert into Energy East shares.

    
As of the effective time of the merger, no RGS Energy shares will be
outstanding; they will all be automatically canceled and retired.
Each RGS
Energy shareholder will cease to have any shareholder rights, except the right
to receive the merger consideration of cash, Energy East shares or a combination
of cash and Energy East shares.

    
OVERSUBSCRIPTION OF CASH OR STOCK.  
Subject to an adjustment for tax reasons
(as described below), 55% of all outstanding RGS Energy shares will be converted
into cash and 45% will be converted into Energy East shares.

    
RGS Energy shareholders, as a group, may submit elections to convert more
than 55% of the outstanding RGS Energy shares into cash or more than 45% into
Energy East shares.
If either cash or Energy East shares is oversubscribed, then
an equitable PRO RATA adjustment will be made to ensure that 55% of the
outstanding RGS Energy shares are converted into cash and 45% are converted into
Energy East shares.
For example, if cash is oversubscribed, each RGS Energy
share as to which an election was submitted to be converted into $39.50 in cash
will, instead, be converted into an amount of cash that is less than $39.50 and
a number of Energy East shares calculated in accordance with the formula set
forth in section 2.1(e) of the merger agreement.
Similarly, if Energy East
shares are oversubscribed, each RGS Energy share as to which an election was
submitted to be converted into Energy East shares will, instead, be converted
into a lower number of Energy East shares and an amount of cash calculated in
accordance with the formula set forth in section 2.1(g) of the merger agreement.

    
NO FRACTIONAL SHARES.  
No fractional Energy East shares will be issued in
the merger.
RGS Energy shareholders will receive a cash payment in lieu of
fractional Energy East shares.
This cash will come from an exchange agent's
open-market sales of the aggregate fractional Energy East shares.

    
ADJUSTMENT TO PER SHARE ENERGY EAST SHARE AMOUNT.  
If, prior to the
effective time of the merger, Energy East pays an extraordinary dividend, enters
into a merger or consolidation, or changes the number of outstanding Energy East
shares through a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction, then the
calculation of the number of Energy East shares to be received in the merger
will be adjusted to reflect this transaction.

    
TAX ADJUSTMENT.  
We intend that the merger qualify as a "reorganization"
within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code and, therefore, be tax free for
those RGS Energy shareholders who receive only Energy East shares in the
transaction.
Under the Internal Revenue Code, however, the merger might not be a
reorganization if, on the closing date of the merger, the total value of the
Energy East shares that RGS Energy shareholders receive does not represent a
minimum percentage of the value of the total consideration--including Energy
East shares, cash and any other amounts treated as consideration in connection
with the merger for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code--that RGS Energy
shareholders receive in connection with the merger.
To prevent this from
happening, if the value of the Energy East shares received would otherwise be
less than 42.5% of the value of the total consideration, the number of RGS
Energy shares that will be converted into Energy East shares will be increased,
and the number of RGS Energy shares converted into cash will be correspondingly
decreased.
For the shares subject to this adjustment, RGS Energy shareholders
will receive Energy East shares worth less than the cash they would have
received.
In lieu of this adjustment, RGS Energy may elect to have the merger
agreement amended so that Eagle Merger Corp. would merge with and into RGS
Energy, with RGS Energy as the surviving company.
If RGS Energy so elects, the
parties would

no longer intend for the merger to qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and the condition on
each party's obligations to complete the merger that relate to its receiving a
legal opinion to that effect would be waived.

    
EXCHANGE AGENT.  
Promptly after the effective time of the merger, Energy
East will deposit with an exchange agent cash and certificates evidencing the
Energy East shares sufficient to effect the conversion of RGS Energy shares into
cash and Energy East shares pursuant to the merger agreement.

    
ELECTION PROCEDURES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.  
Copies of the form of
election will be mailed to record holders of RGS Energy shares not less than
30 days prior to the effective time of the merger and made available to persons
who become record holders after this mailing but not later than seven business
days prior to the effective time of the merger.
To be effective, a form of
election must be:

    - properly completed, signed and submitted to the exchange agent;

    - accompanied by the RGS Energy share certificates as to which the election
      is being made (or an appropriate guarantee of delivery of such
      certificates as provided in the merger agreement); and

    - received by the exchange agent before the election deadline, which is
      5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third day after the effective time
      of the merger.

    
Energy East has the discretion to determine whether an RGS Energy
shareholder has properly completed, signed, and submitted (or revoked) a form of
election and to disregard immaterial defects in the form of election.
Energy
East may delegate this right to the exchange agent.
Neither Energy East nor the
exchange agent is under any obligation to notify any person of any defect in a
form of election submitted to the exchange agent.
The exchange agent will also
make all computations in respect of the conversion of RGS Energy shares into
cash and Energy East shares, and all such computations will be conclusive and
binding on RGS Energy shareholders.
Any RGS shareholder may revoke his or her
form of election in writing prior to the deadline for submitting elections.

    
An RGS Energy shareholder who submits an untimely or improperly completed
form of election will be deemed not to have made an election.
That shareholder's
RGS Energy shares may be treated as shares that the shareholder elected to
exchange for cash or Energy East shares.

    
EXCHANGE AND PAYMENT PROCEDURES.  
Promptly after the effective time of the
merger, the exchange agent will mail to each record holder of a certificate
representing RGS Energy shares that have been converted into the right to
receive the merger consideration:

    - a letter of transmittal for use in submitting share certificates to the
      exchange agent; and

    - instructions explaining what RGS Energy shareholders must do to effect the
      surrender of the RGS Energy share certificates and receive the merger
      consideration.

    
After an RGS Energy shareholder submits his or her RGS Energy share
certificates, a letter of transmittal and other documents that may be required,
the RGS Energy shareholder will be entitled to receive cash, a certificate
representing Energy East shares, or a combination of cash and Energy East
shares.
The merger consideration may be delivered to someone who is not listed
in RGS Energy's transfer records if he or she presents an RGS Energy share
certificate to the exchange agent along with all documents required to evidence
that a transfer of the RGS Energy share certificate has been made to him or her
and that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.
Until surrender,
each RGS Energy share certificate will be deemed at any time after the effective
time of the merger to represent only the right to receive the merger
consideration upon surrender.

    PAYMENTS FOLLOWING SURRENDER.  
Until they have surrendered their RGS Energy
share certificates, holders of RGS Energy share certificates who elect to
receive Energy East shares will not receive:

    - dividends and other distributions with respect to Energy East shares that
      they are entitled to pursuant to the merger and that are declared or made
      with a record date after the effective time; or

    - cash instead of fractional Energy East shares payable pursuant to the
      merger agreement.

    
At the time of surrender, RGS Energy shareholders will receive the cash
payable in place of fractional Energy East shares to which the RGS Energy
shareholders are entitled under the merger agreement and the dividends or other
distributions that have been paid to Energy East shareholders if such
distributions had a record date after the effective time.
These RGS Energy
shareholders will also be paid on the appropriate payment date the amount of
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the effective time
(but prior to surrender) and a payment date subsequent to surrender.

    
SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD NOT FORWARD CERTIFICATES TO THE EXCHANGE AGENT, ENERGY
EAST OR RGS ENERGY UNTIL THEY HAVE RECEIVED A FORM OF ELECTION.
SHAREHOLDERS
SHOULD NOT RETURN CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED PROXY.
A FORM OF ELECTION AND
COMPLETE INSTRUCTIONS FOR PROPERLY MAKING AN ELECTION TO RECEIVE CASH, ENERGY
EAST SHARES OR A COMBINATION OF CASH AND ENERGY EAST SHARES WILL BE MAILED TO
RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS UNDER SEPARATE COVER BEFORE THE ANTICIPATED DAY OF THE
CLOSING OF THE MERGER, WHICH IS CURRENTLY EXPECTED TO BE IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF
2002.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    In the merger agreement, we make representations and warranties about
ourselves and our businesses, including the following:

    by RGS Energy as to:

      -  its proper organization, good                    -  validity of its subsidiaries' stock
         standing and qualification to do                    and the ownership rights of RGS
         business in various states;                         Energy with respect to that stock;

      -  capital structure;                               -  authority to enter into and
                                                             enforceability of the merger
                                                             agreement;

      -  filing of all required reports and               -  absence of certain adverse changes
         financial statements and the                        or events;
         accuracy of information used in
         their preparation;

      -  litigation;                                      -  accuracy of information used in the
                                                             registration statement and joint
                                                             proxy statement that the parties to
                                                             the merger agreement must file with
                                                             the SEC;

      -  tax matters, including Section                   -  employee matters and the Employee
         368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;                Retirement Income Security Act of
                                                             1974;

      -  environmental compliance and                     -  regulation as a utility;
         liability;

      -  RGS Energy shareholder vote                      -  opinion of financial advisor;
         required;

      -  ownership of Energy East shares;                 -  non-applicability of takeover laws;
                                                             and

      -  compliance of the operations of its
         nuclear power generation plant with
         applicable laws and regulations.


and by Energy East as to:

      -  its proper organization, good                    -  validity of its subsidiaries' stock
         standing and qualification to do                    and the ownership rights of Energy
         business in various states;                         East with respect to that stock;

      -  capital structure;                               -  authority to enter into and
                                                             enforceability of the merger
                                                             agreement;

      -  filing of all required reports and               -  absence of certain adverse changes
         financial statements and the                        or events;
         accuracy of information used in
         their preparation;

      -  litigation;                                      -  accuracy of information used in the
                                                             registration statement and joint
                                                             proxy statement;

      -  environmental compliance and                     -  regulation as a utility;
         liability;

      -  Energy East shareholder vote                     -  ownership of RGS Energy shares; and
         required;

      -  Section 368(a) of the Internal
         Revenue Code.

    
The representations and warranties made by us will not survive the merger,
but they form the basis of conditions to the obligations of our companies to
effect the merger.


COVENANTS

    MUTUAL COVENANTS.  
Under the merger agreement, we agreed that, during the
period from the date of the merger agreement until the effective time of the
merger, except as otherwise permitted in the merger agreement or by written
consent of the parties, we will each comply with the following covenants:

    - we will coordinate our dividend policies prior to the closing date of the
      merger, so that differences in the timing of record, declaration or
      payment dates will not adversely affect either RGS Energy shareholders or
      Energy East shareholders.
Also, neither of us will declare or pay any
      dividends except (1) dividends by a wholly owned subsidiary to its parent
      or to another wholly owned subsidiary of its parent, (2) dividends payable
      by a less than wholly owned subsidiary consistent with past practice,
      (3) regular dividends that do not materially exceed regular dividends in
      effect as of the date of the merger agreement and have usual record and
      payment dates or (4) in the case of Energy East, increases in regular
      quarterly dividends consistent with past practice;

    - we and our subsidiaries will not amend our certificates of incorporation,
      bylaws or other organizational documents, or take or fail to take any
      other action, in such a way that would reasonably be expected to prevent,
      impede or interfere with the merger;

    - we each will confer on a regular and frequent basis with representatives
      of the other party to discuss, subject to applicable law, material
      operational matters and the general status of their ongoing operations;
      promptly notify the other party of any significant changes in their
      business, properties, assets, condition, results of operations or
      prospects; advise the other party of any change or event that have had, or
      would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on us; and
      promptly provide the other party with copies of all filings with
      governmental authorities in connection with the merger agreement;

    - each of us and our subsidiaries will use all commercially reasonable
      efforts to obtain all necessary consents to complete the merger, promptly
      notify the other party of any failure or

      prospective failure to obtain these consents, and, if requested by the
      other party, will provide copies of all the consents that have been
      obtained;

    - we and our subsidiaries will not willfully take any action that is
      reasonably likely to result in a material breach of the merger agreement
      or in any of their representations and warranties being untrue on and as
      of the closing date of the merger;

    - we and our subsidiaries will maintain insurance policies that are
      customary for companies engaged in the electric and gas utility industry
      with financially responsible insurance companies; and

    - each of us will take all necessary steps within our control to exempt the
      merger from, or, if necessary, challenge the validity or applicability of,
      any applicable takeover law.

    COVENANTS OF ENERGY EAST.  
Energy East agreed that it would not enter into,
or agree to enter into

    - any transaction that would cause Energy East to become not primarily
      engaged in the gas and electric utilities businesses, or

    - any acquisition or disposition of assets or securities that would delay,
      or would be reasonably expected to delay, the completion of the merger.

    COVENANTS OF RGS ENERGY.  
RGS Energy agreed that, until the effective time
of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement, RGS Energy and its
subsidiaries will:

    - carry on their businesses in the ordinary course;

    - preserve intact their business organizations, goodwill and relationships
      with customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with them,
      keep available the services of their present officers and employees as a
      group (subject to prudent management of workforce needs and ongoing
      programs currently in force), maintain properties and assets in good
      repair, and maintain supplies and inventories in quantities consistent
      with past practice;

    - abide by certain customary restrictions on the conduct of their businesses
      regarding: (1) dividends, (2) stock splits and issuances of RGS Energy
      shares, (3) redemptions of RGS Energy shares, (4) substantial equity and
      asset acquisitions, (5) capital expenditures, (6) substantial asset
      dispositions, (7) indebtedness, (8) employee benefit plans and other
      employment arrangements, (9) tax and accounting matters, (10) discharge of
      liabilities and (11) amendment, termination and renewal of material
      contracts;

    - not engage in any activities that would cause a change in their status
      under the Public Utility Holding Company Act;

    - use reasonable efforts to maintain in effect all existing governmental
      permits pursuant to which they operate; and

    - not amend or waive any rights that would materially and adversely affect
      the benefits of the merger to either of us or our ability to complete the
      merger.

    
NO SOLICITATION OF ALTERNATIVE PROPOSALS.  
RGS Energy also agreed to certain
restrictions concerning "ALTERNATIVE PROPOSALS," which are defined in the merger
agreement as mergers, consolidations or similar transactions between a third
party and RGS Energy or any of its subsidiaries, or any third-party proposals or
offers to acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly, a substantial equity
interest in or a

substantial portion of the assets of RGS Energy or any of its subsidiaries.

Specifically, RGS Energy agreed that:

    - neither it nor its subsidiaries will encourage, initiate, solicit or take
      any other action to facilitate knowingly any inquiries, proposals or
      offers that constitute or may reasonably be expected to lead to an
      Alternative Proposal from any person;

    - neither it nor its subsidiaries will engage in any discussion or
      negotiations concerning, or provide any nonpublic information or data to
      make or implement, an Alternative Proposal;

    - it will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
      solicitation, initiation, encouragement, activity, discussions or
      negotiations with any parties conducted with a view of formulating an
      Alternative Proposal; and

    - it will notify Energy East of any of these inquiries, offers or proposals
      within 48 hours of receipt and keep Energy East informed of their status,
      and it will give Energy East 48 hours' advance notice of its intent to
      enter into any confidentiality or similar agreement or to provide
      information to any person making the inquiry, offer or proposal.

    
Nonetheless, RGS Energy may:

    - at any time before approval of the merger agreement by RGS Energy
      shareholders, RGS Energy may engage in discussions or negotiations with a
      third party that seeks to initiate these discussions or negotiations, and
      may furnish such third party information concerning RGS Energy and its
      business, properties and assets, but only if:

       - the RGS Energy board of directors determines in good faith that the
         third party has made an Alternative Proposal that is financially
         superior to the merger and has demonstrated that any necessary
         financing has been obtained or, in the reasonable judgment of RGS
         Energy's financial advisor, is obtainable, and the RGS Energy board of
         directors concludes in good faith, after consultation with its
         financial advisor and outside counsel and consideration of other
         relevant matters, that failure to take the above-mentioned actions
         would likely result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under
         applicable law; and

       - before RGS Energy provides information to, or enters into discussions
         or negotiations with, the third party, RGS Energy receives from the
         third party an executed confidentiality agreement;

    - comply with Rule 14e-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
      regulating tender or exchange offers; and/or

    - accept an Alternative Proposal from a third party, so long as it first
      terminates the merger agreement with Energy East.


ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

    
In addition to the covenants above, we have also agreed on the following
matters.

    
ACCESS TO INFORMATION.  
Upon reasonable notice and during normal business
hours until the effective time of the merger, each of us will provide the other
with reasonable access to all of our properties, books, contracts, commitments
and records.
In addition, each of us will provide to the other party (1) access
to all reports, schedules and other documents that we or our subsidiaries filed
or received under federal or state securities laws or filed with or sent to the
SEC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, the Federal
Trade Commission, or any other U.S. federal or state regulatory agency or
commission, and (2) access to all information concerning ourselves, our
subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders, and other matters that the
other party may reasonably request in connection with any

filings, applications, or approvals required under the merger agreement.
Each of
us will hold in strict confidence all information furnished to us in connection
with the merger.
Also, each of us will permit the other party to conduct any
environmental inspections of our properties that the other party may reasonably
require, and will furnish the other party with records, reports and data
concerning the existence of hazardous materials at properties presently or
formerly owned, operated, leased or used by one of us or our subsidiaries and
the compliance with environmental laws.

    
JOINT PROXY STATEMENT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT.  
We agreed to prepare and
file this document as soon as reasonably practicable after February 16, 2001 and
to each use reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement with respect
to the Energy East shares to be issued in connection with the merger to be
declared effective as promptly as practicable after the filing of this document.

We agreed to take any actions reasonably required to have these Energy East
shares registered under or exempted from state securities laws, except that
neither of us is required to register or qualify as a foreign corporation or
otherwise subject ourselves to service of process to which we would not
otherwise be subject following the completion of the merger.
We will use
reasonable efforts to cause the Energy East shares to be issued in connection
with the merger to be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange.

    FURTHER ASSURANCES; REGULATORY MATTERS.  
Each of us and our subsidiaries
will cooperate with one another and use our best efforts

    - to prepare and file promptly all necessary documentation required or
      advisable with respect to the merger or the other transactions
      contemplated by the merger agreement with the appropriate governmental
      authorities,

    - to comply with any request for information or documents from a
      governmental authority relating to, and appropriate in the light of,
      matters within the jurisdiction of the governmental authority, so long as
      each of us uses our best efforts to keep the information provided by us
      confidential, to the extent it is required by the party providing the
      information, and takes appropriate legal action within our discretion to
      avoid providing trade secrets, privileged information or other information
      which reasonably should be treated as confidential,

    - to take all actions necessary or advisable to obtain required governmental
      consents by November 16, 2002, and

    - to oppose vigorously any litigation that would impede or delay the
      completion of the merger, which includes promptly appealing any adverse
      court order.

    
Each of us and our subsidiaries will execute all additional documents and
instruments and take all other actions that the other party may reasonably
request in order to complete the merger.
Each of us also agreed that, although
it is our intent for the merger to be structured as set out in the merger
agreement, if one or more required regulatory approvals is the only condition to
the completion of the merger that has not been satisfied, and a different
structure for the merger could result in this condition being satisfied or
waived, each of us will use our best efforts to enter into a differently
structured merger.
Before an alternative structure is used, however, all
conditions to the completion of the newly restructured merger must be satisfied
or waived.

    
Our cooperation in obtaining regulatory approvals includes obtaining the
approval of the New York State Public Service Commission.
Mr. Richards will have
primary responsibility for coordinating strategy and communication with the New
York State Public Service Commission.

    
SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL.  
RGS Energy will take all steps necessary to convene
and hold a meeting of RGS Energy shareholders to obtain the necessary majority
vote to approve the merger.
Subject to their fiduciary duties, the RGS Energy
board of directors will recommend to the RGS Energy shareholders the approval of
the merger agreement.
Energy East will take all steps necessary to convene and
hold a

meeting of Energy East shareholders to obtain the necessary majority vote to
approve the issuance of Energy East shares in connection with the merger.

Subject to their fiduciary duties, the Energy East board of directors will
recommend to the Energy East shareholders the approval of the issuance of Energy
East shares in connection with the merger.

    
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.  
To the extent these individuals
are not otherwise indemnified, Energy East and the surviving company have agreed
to indemnify, after the effective time of the merger, each individual who has
ever been an officer, director or employee of RGS Energy or any of its
subsidiaries.
This indemnification will cover all losses, expenses (including
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages, liabilities or
amounts paid in settlement (if Energy East provided written consent to the
settlement) arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or before the
effective time of the merger that are at least in part (1) based on the fact
that such individual served as a director, officer or employee of RGS Energy or
one of its subsidiaries or (2) based on the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.
Energy East will advance to the indemnified party, upon
request, reimbursement of documented expenses reasonably incurred.
Independent
counsel mutually acceptable to Energy East and the indemnified individual will
make all necessary determinations to decide whether an indemnified individual's
conduct complies with the standards for indemnification established by New York
law and the governing certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
These rights to
indemnification will continue for at least six years after the effective time of
the merger.

    
INSURANCE.  
For six years after the effective time of the merger, Energy
East will either maintain liability insurance policies for the benefit of those
directors and officers of RGS Energy and its subsidiaries who are currently
covered or provide tail coverage for those directors and officers.
In either
case, the terms of the coverage will be at least as favorable as the terms of
the current insurance coverage.
Energy East will not, however, be required to
expend in any year more than 200% of the annual aggregate premiums that RGS
Energy currently pays.

    
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.  
Subject to our legal obligations to disclose
information, we will cooperate with each other in the development and
distribution of all news releases and other public information disclosures about
the merger agreement and the merger.
In addition, each of us will not issue any
public announcement or statement without the consent of the other party (the
consent cannot be withheld unreasonably).

    
RULE 145 AFFILIATES.  
Within 30 days of the date of the merger agreement,
RGS Energy will identify in a letter to Energy East all persons who are, and to
the person's best knowledge who will be at the completion date of the merger,
affiliates of RGS Energy according to Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933.

Also, RGS Energy will use all reasonable efforts to cause its affiliates
(including any who were not named in the letter sent by RGS Energy to Energy
East) to deliver to Energy East by the date of the completion of the merger a
letter in which, among other things, the person recognizes his or her possible
status as an affiliate and agrees to comply with Rule 145 and certain
restrictions on selling his or her Energy East shares that the person will
receive in connection with the merger.

    
EMPLOYEE AGREEMENTS.  
Except as provided below, Energy East and its
subsidiaries will honor all existing contracts, agreements and commitments of
RGS Energy that were entered into before February 16, 2001, and apply to current
or former employees and directors of RGS Energy.

    
We intend to continue our present strategy of achieving workforce reductions
through attrition, instead of through involuntary layoffs.
If any reductions in
workforce of the surviving company become necessary in the future, they will be
made in consultation with the chairman of the surviving company and on a fair
and equitable basis, giving consideration to previous work history, job
experience, qualifications, and business needs without regard to whether
employment before the merger was with RGS Energy or its subsidiaries or Energy
East or its subsidiaries.
In addition, each employee of RG&E will be protected
from any involuntary workforce reduction to the same extent a similarly situated

NYSEG employee is so protected due to a NYSEG collective bargaining agreement.

Any employees whose employment is terminated or whose jobs are eliminated will
have a right to participate, on a fair and equitable basis, in the job
opportunity and employment placement programs offered by Energy East, the
surviving company or any of its subsidiaries.
Any workforce reductions carried
out after the effective time of the merger will be done in accordance with all
relevant laws and regulations, including the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act and any similar state or local law.

    
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  
For at least 18 months after the merger becomes
effective, Energy East and the surviving company must provide all employees of
RGS Energy and its subsidiaries who are covered by benefit plans with benefits
that are at least as favorable as the benefits they receive immediately before
the merger, except to the extent that changes are required by applicable law.

Also, to the extent that service is relevant for determining eligibility or
participation in any Energy East or surviving company benefit plans, Energy East
and the surviving company will credit service of former RGS Energy employees for
their employment with RGS Energy prior to the effective time of the merger, so
long as this credit does not result in an unintended windfall to these
employees.
Further, the surviving company will provide each RGS Energy employee
with credit for co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the effective time of
the merger, in satisfying any deductible or out-of-pocket payment requirements
under any welfare plans that these employees are eligible to participate in
after the effective time.

    
RGS ENERGY'S STOCK AND OTHER PLANS.  
At the effective time of the merger,
each outstanding option to purchase RGS Energy shares granted under RGS Energy's
1996 Performance Stock Option Plan will be cancelled, whether or not the option
has vested, in exchange for a cash payment equal to (a) the excess, if any, of
$39.50 over the exercise price of the option, multiplied by (b) the number of
shares covered by the option, less applicable tax and withholding.
Each option
holder will also receive an amount in cash equal to the aggregate dividend
equivalents credited to the account of the option holder, less applicable tax
and withholding.
Also at the effective time of the merger, RGS Energy's
Executive Incentive Plan will terminate and each participant will be entitled to
the product of (a) the target award set out in the plan and (b) the number of
days from the start of the calendar year to the effective time of the merger
divided by 365.
Prior to the effective time of the merger, RGS Energy may
establish an employee retention plan, as described above in "The
Merger--Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger," but all of the terms and
conditions of this plan are subject to the review and comment and final approval
of Energy East.
In addition, each stock unit received by RGS Energy directors
under RGS Energy benefit plans will be exchanged for a cash payment of $39.50,
payable at the appropriate time and in the manner set out in the plans, and the
transfer restrictions on RGS Energy shares owned by any officer, director or
employee of RGS Energy will lapse.
RGS Energy will use its best efforts to cause
each RGS Energy employee who has a severance agreement with RGS Energy to enter
into a related letter agreement with Energy East.
With respect to RGS Energy's
stock and other plans, see "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger.
"

    MR. RICHARDS' EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  
We and Mr. Richards have entered into
an employment agreement that will become effective when the merger is completed.

    EXPENSES.  
Except for those expenses incurred in connection with the
printing and filing of this document (which expenses are being shared equally by
us) and except as described under "--Termination, Amendment and Waiver," both
parties will pay their own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger.

    
CORPORATE OFFICES.  
At and subsequent to the effective time of the merger,
the corporate headquarters of the surviving company, RG&E, NYSEG and Energy East
Management Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy East, will be
located in Rochester, New York.
Energy East Management will have approximately
forty employees in Rochester as of the effective time of the merger.
The
operating headquarters of NYSEG will remain in Binghamton, New York.

    
ENERGY EAST BOARD.  
The size of Energy East's board will increase by three
members at the effective time of the merger.
These three new members will be
Mr. Richards and two non-management directors of RGS Energy.

    
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT.  
After the effective time of the merger, Energy East
or the surviving company will increase its level of charitable giving and
community involvement in Rochester to reflect the increased size of the
surviving company based in Rochester.

    ADVISORY BOARD.  
The surviving company will set up an advisory board
comprised of those individuals who were directors of RGS Energy immediately
before the effective time of the merger, excluding Mr. Richards and the two
non-management directors who will be added to the Energy East board of directors
at the effective time of the merger.
The advisory board will meet at least
quarterly and will provide advice to the surviving company's board of directors
as requested.
The members of the advisory board, who will serve at the
discretion of the surviving company, will receive remuneration for their
services equivalent to that currently provided to non-employee directors of RGS
Energy.

    
TAX FREE STATUS.  
Each of us and our subsidiaries will not take any action
that would be reasonably likely to affect adversely the status of the merger as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code, and each of us will use all reasonable efforts to obtain this status.

    
TRANSITION MANAGEMENT.  
The parties will create a special task force,
jointly chaired by Mr. Richards and Mr. Jasinski, with an equal number of
members appointed by RGS Energy and Energy East.
This task force will assist in
transition management of the surviving company and its subsidiaries.

    
ROCHESTER GAS AND ELECTRIC.  
Following the completion of the merger, there
will be four members of the board of directors of RG&E.
Each of Energy East and
RGS Energy will appoint two members.
Energy East intends to appoint Mr. von
Schack and Mr. Jasinski, and RGS Energy intends to appoint Mr. Richards and one
other person.
The officers of RG&E will be those in office immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger, plus new officers recommended by the
transition management task force.
Each of the officers and directors will
continue to serve until his or her successor is duly appointed or elected.

    NYSEG.  
Following the completion of the merger, there will be four members
of the board of directors of NYSEG.
Energy East will appoint three members and
RGS Energy will appoint one member.
Energy East intends to appoint Mr. von
Schack, Mr. Jasinski and Mr. Ralph R. Tedesco, and RGS Energy intends to appoint
Mr. Richards.
The officers of NYSEG will be those in office immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger, Mr. Richards and new officers recommended by
the transition management task force.
Each of the officers and directors will
continue to serve until his or her successor is duly appointed or elected.

    
SHARE CONTRIBUTION.  
Energy East will contribute its shares of NYSEG to the
surviving company within five days of the effective time of the merger, and
NYSEG will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the surviving company, unless
Energy East believes this contribution would materially impede or delay the
completion of the merger, in which case Energy East may choose not to contribute
these shares.
Whether or not Energy East contributes the NYSEG shares to the
surviving company, Mr. Richards will serve as chairman of the board and chief
executive officer of NYSEG following the effective time of the merger.


CONDITIONS

    MUTUAL CONDITIONS.  
Our obligations to complete the merger are subject to
satisfaction of the following conditions:

    - RGS Energy shareholders must have approved the merger agreement and the
      merger, and Energy East shareholders must have approved the issuance of
      Energy East shares in connection with the merger;

    - no U.S. federal or state court has issued a temporary restraining order or
      preliminary or permanent injunction that prevents completion of the
      merger, and there is no U.S. federal or state law or regulation
      prohibiting the merger;

    - the SEC must have declared effective the registration statement pertaining
      to the Energy East shares to be issued in connection with the merger;

    - the New York Stock Exchange must have approved for listing the Energy East
      shares to be issued in connection with the merger; and

    - we must have obtained the requisite governmental approvals by the
      effective time of the merger and all applicable waiting periods must have
      expired.

    CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF ENERGY EAST.  
The obligations of Energy East to
complete the merger are contingent on the satisfaction of, or waiver by Energy
East of, the following conditions:

    - RGS Energy must have performed in all material respects the agreements and
      covenants required by the merger agreement;

    - the representations and warranties of RGS Energy contained in the merger
      agreement must be materially accurate on the date of the merger agreement
      and on the closing date of the merger (except for representations and
      warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which will be
      determined as of the specified date);

    - RGS Energy must have provided Energy East with a certificate, dated the
      closing date of the merger, signed by RGS Energy's senior vice president
      and general counsel regarding satisfaction of the two preceding
      conditions;

    - RGS Energy must not have suffered a material adverse effect, and there
      must not be any fact or circumstance, unless it was disclosed in RGS
      Energy's public documents prior to February 16, 2001, that would be
      reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on RGS Energy.
An
      adverse change in economic, financial or industry conditions, generally
      accepted accounting principles or generally applicable laws and
      regulations that does not specifically relate to either of our companies
      and that does not affect either of our companies in a materially
      disproportionate manner relative to each other, to the extent
      disproportionate, is not a material adverse effect for the purposes of
      this condition;

    - RGS Energy must have obtained the requisite third-party consents, unless
      the failure to obtain those consents would not have a material adverse
      effect on RGS Energy;

    - each affiliate of RGS Energy must have signed an agreement stating that
      the affiliate will not sell the Energy East shares that he or she receives
      in the merger, except in accordance with Rule 145 promulgated under the
      Securities Act of 1933;

    - attorneys for Energy East must have furnished to Energy East an opinion to
      the effect that the merger will be treated as a reorganization within the
      meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
This condition
      will be waived if RGS Energy elects, as it may do under certain
      circumstances, to have the merger agreement amended so that RGS Energy
      will be the surviving company (see "--Conversion of RGS Energy Shares--Tax
      Adjustment"); and

    - The governmental approvals obtained by the parties must not impose terms
      that, individually or in the aggregate, would have or would reasonably be
      expected to have a material adverse effect on either of our companies.
We
      have agreed that a requirement that Energy East divest its ownership of
      any of the gas or electric utility operations of Energy East or RGS Energy
      would have a material adverse effect.

    
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF RGS ENERGY.  
The obligations of RGS Energy to
complete the merger agreement and the merger are contingent on the satisfaction
of, or waiver by RGS Energy of, the following conditions:

    - Energy East must have performed in all material respects the agreements
      and covenants required by the merger agreement;

    - the representations and warranties of Energy East contained in the merger
      agreement must be materially accurate on the date of the merger agreement
      and on the closing date of the merger (except for representations and
      warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which will be
      determined as of the specified date);

    - Energy East must have provided RGS Energy with a certificate, dated the
      closing date of the merger, signed by Energy East's executive vice
      president, general counsel and secretary regarding satisfaction of the two
      preceding conditions;

    - Energy East must not have suffered a material adverse effect, and there
      must not be any fact or circumstance, unless it was disclosed in Energy
      East's public documents prior to February 16, 2001, that would be
      reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Energy East.
An
      adverse change in economic, financial or industry conditions, generally
      accepted accounting principles or generally applicable laws and
      regulations that does not specifically relate to either of our companies
      and that does not affect either of our companies in a materially
      disproportionate manner relative to each other to the extent
      disproportionate is not a material adverse effect for the purposes of this
      condition;

    - Energy East must have obtained the requisite third-party consents, unless
      the failure to obtain those consents would not have a material adverse
      effect on Energy East; and

    - attorneys for RGS Energy must have furnished to RGS Energy an opinion to
      the effect that the merger will be treated as a reorganization within the
      meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
This condition
      will be waived if RGS Energy elects, as it may do under certain
      circumstances, to have the merger agreement amended so that RGS Energy
      will be the surviving company (see "--Conversion of RGS Energy Shares--Tax
      Adjustment").


TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

    TERMINATION.  
The merger agreement may be terminated at any time before the
effective time of the merger:

    - by mutual written consent of both of our boards of directors;

    - by either of us if the merger has not been completed by February 16, 2002
      (or November 16, 2002, if the only condition to the closing of the merger
      not satisfied is the inability to obtain the requisite governmental
      approvals), so long as the delay has not been caused by a failure of the
      party seeking termination to fulfill its obligations under the merger
      agreement;

    - by either of us if either the RGS Energy shareholders do not approve and
      adopt the merger agreement or Energy East shareholders do not approve the
      issuance of Energy East shares in connection with the merger, in either
      case by February 16, 2002;

    - by either of us if any state or federal law prohibits the merger (and this
      determination is supported by the written opinion of outside counsel) or
      if any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction issues a final and
      nonappealable decision that permanently enjoins the merger;

    - by RGS Energy, before its shareholders approve the merger agreement, if
      RGS Energy is not in breach of the merger agreement and, as a result of an
      Alternative Proposal, the RGS Energy board of directors determines in good
      faith that:

       - the Alternative Proposal is financially superior to the merger and the
         third party making the Alternative Proposal has obtained or, in the
         reasonable judgment of RGS Energy's financial advisor, can obtain the
         necessary financing; and

       - after consultation with its financial advisor and outside counsel and
         consideration of other relevant matters, that failure to do so would
         likely result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law;
         however, before RGS Energy may terminate the merger agreement:

           (1) RGS Energy must give Energy East three days' prior notice of its
               intent to accept the alternative acquisition proposal; and

           (2) RGS Energy and its financial and legal advisors must consider in
               good faith any proposal made by Energy East;

    - by RGS Energy if:

       - Energy East has breached any of its representations or warranties in
         the merger agreement, the breach would be reasonably likely to result
         in a material adverse effect on Energy East, and Energy East does not
         cure the breach within 20 days of receiving written notice of the
         breach from RGS Energy;

       - Energy East (or its appropriate subsidiaries) has materially breached
         any of its covenants or agreements under the merger agreement, and
         Energy East does not cure the breach within 20 days of receiving
         written notice of the breach from RGS Energy; or

       - Energy East's board of directors or a committee of the board of the
         directors has withdrawn or modified to RGS Energy's detriment, or
         resolved to do either, its recommendation of the issuance of Energy
         East shares in connection with the merger; or

    - by Energy East if:

       - RGS Energy has breached any of its representations or warranties in the
         merger agreement, the breach would be reasonably likely to result in a
         material adverse effect on RGS Energy, and RGS Energy does not cure the
         breach within 20 days of receiving written notice of the breach from
         Energy East;

       - RGS Energy (or its appropriate subsidiaries) has breached in any
         respect its covenants and agreements with respect to dividends and
         share issuance, or has materially breached any of its other covenants
         or agreements under the merger agreement, and RGS Energy does not cure
         the breach within 20 days of receiving written notice of the breach
         from Energy East; or

       - the RGS Energy board of directors or any committee thereof
         (1) withdraws or modifies in any manner adverse to Energy East its
         approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger,
         (2) fails to reaffirm its approval or recommendation upon Energy East's
         request within seven days of that request, (3) approves or recommends
         any acquisition of RGS Energy or a material portion of its assets or
         any tender offer for the

         shares of capital stock of RGS Energy by someone other than Energy East
         or any of its affiliates, or (4) resolves to take any of these actions.

    EFFECT OF TERMINATION.  
RGS Energy and Energy East have agreed that, if
either of them terminates the merger agreement for any reason outlined above,
the merger agreement--except for the provisions concerning expenses, termination
fees, confidentiality of information subject to the terms of a confidentiality
agreement, waiver of a jury trial and certain damages and enforcement of the
agreement--will become void and have no effect, without any liability on the
part of any party, their officers or their directors.
Nonetheless, if either
party materially breaches any provision of the merger agreement and the other
party consequently terminates the agreement, then the breaching party will have
to pay to the other party an amount in cash equal to all documented
out-of-pocket expenses and fees incurred by the other party not in excess of
$10 million.
However, if the breach is willful, the merger agreement does not
limit the amount of damages that the nonbreaching party may seek.

    
RGS Energy must pay Energy East a termination fee of $50 million plus fees
and expenses up to $10 million if the merger agreement is terminated for any of
the following reasons:

    - the RGS Energy board of directors decides to pursue an Alternative
      Proposal;

    - RGS Energy shareholders fail to approve the merger by February 16, 2002,
      but only if there was an Alternative Proposal outstanding at the time of
      the RGS Energy annual meeting and if, within twelve months of such
      termination, RGS Energy enters into a definitive agreement to complete or
      actually does complete a "BUSINESS COMBINATION," which is (1) a merger,
      consolidation, share exchange, business combination or other similar
      transaction involving either party that results in its shareholders prior
      to the transaction owning in the aggregate less than 70% of the voting
      securities of the company surviving the transaction or of the parent of
      the surviving company, (2) a sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other
      disposition of more than 30% of the assets of a party and its
      subsidiaries, taken together, in a single transaction or series of related
      transactions, or (3) the acquisition, through any means, by a third party
      of beneficial ownership (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of more than 30% of the common stock of a
      party; or

    - the RGS Energy board of directors withdraws, modifies to Energy East's
      detriment, or fails to reaffirm, within seven days of Energy East's
      request, its approval or recommendation of the merger to RGS Energy
      shareholders, or the RGS Energy board of directors approves or recommends
      any acquisition of RGS Energy or a material portion of its assets or a
      tender offer for RGS Energy's capital stock by any third party, but only
      if there was an Alternative Proposal outstanding at the time of the
      termination and if, within twelve months of such termination, RGS Energy
      enters into a definitive agreement to complete or actually does complete a
      Business Combination.

    
Energy East must pay RGS Energy a termination fee of $50 million plus fees
and expenses up to $10 million if the merger agreement is terminated for the
following reason:

    - Energy East shareholders fail to approve the issuance of Energy East
      shares in connection with the merger by February 16, 2002, but only if
      there was an Alternative Proposal outstanding at the time of the annual
      meeting, the person or persons that made the Alternative Proposal
      conditioned it on Energy East shareholders failing to approve the issuance
      of Energy East shares in connection with the merger, and if, within twelve
      months of the termination, Energy East enters into a definitive agreement
      to complete or actually does complete a Business Combination.

    AMENDMENT.  
The parties' boards of directors may amend the merger agreement
at any time before the effective time of the merger, whether or not the RGS
Energy shareholders have already approved the agreement.
After RGS Energy
shareholder approval, however, no such amendment can

(1) alter the merger consideration or the mechanics of the share exchange or
(2) change any of the terms and conditions of the merger agreement if any of the
changes would materially adversely affect the rights of RGS Energy shareholders
(except for changes that could otherwise be adopted by the RGS Energy board of
directors without the further approval of the RGS Energy shareholders).

    WAIVER.  
At any time before the effective time of the merger, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, the parties may extend the time for the performance
of any of the obligations or other acts required by the merger agreement, waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in the merger
agreement, and waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained in the merger agreement.
To be valid, a waiver or extension by a party
must take the form of a written instrument signed by the waiving party.

                        
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT

    For the security ownership of management of Energy East, see "The Energy
East Annual Meeting--Security Ownership of Management," on page 107.
For the
security ownership of management of RGS Energy, see "The RGS Energy Annual
Meeting--Security Ownership of Management," on page 89.

                              
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
have been prepared to reflect the mergers of Energy East with Connecticut
Energy, CMP Group, CTG Resources and Berkshire Energy, all of which were
completed in 2000, and the merger of Energy East with RGS Energy.
The RGS Energy
merger will be accounted for as a purchase.
The non-utility assets and
liabilities of RGS Energy will be recorded in Energy East's consolidated
financial statements at their estimated fair values at the closing date.
The
assets and liabilities of the regulated utility will not be revalued.
See "The
Merger--Accounting Treatment.
"

    The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements reflect
preliminary purchase accounting adjustments in compliance with generally
accepted accounting principles.
Estimates relating to the fair value of some
assets and liabilities and other events, such as the proposed sales of Energy
East's 18% interest and RGS Energy's 14% interest in the Nine Mile Point 2
nuclear generating station that have not been reflected in the financial
statements, have been more fully described in the notes to the financial
statements.
Actual adjustments will be made on the basis of actual assets,
liabilities and other items as of the closing date of the merger on the basis of
appraisals and evaluations.
Also, goodwill related to the mergers with
Connecticut Energy, CMP Group, CTG Resources and Berkshire Energy that were
completed in 2000 may be adjusted as actual amounts for estimated liabilities
become known.
Therefore, actual amounts may differ from those reflected in the
pro forma financial statements.

    
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet assumes that the
RGS Energy merger occurred on December 31, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2000,
assumes that the mergers completed in 2000 and the RGS Energy merger were
completed on January 1, 2000.

    
The accompanying pro forma financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated historical financial statements and the
related notes of Energy East and RGS Energy, which are incorporated by
reference.
See "Where You Can Find More Information.
"

    
The accompanying pro forma financial statements are for illustrative
purposes only.
They are not necessarily indicative of the financial position or
operating results that would have occurred had the mergers been completed on
January 1, 2000, as assumed above; nor is the information necessarily indicative
of future financial position, operating results or operating synergies.

    
55% of the RGS Energy shares outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger will be converted into the right to receive $39.50 per share
in cash, and 45% will be converted into, on a per share basis, a number of
Energy East shares valued at $39.50, subject to restrictions on the maximum and
minimum number of Energy East shares to be issued, discussed under "The Merger
Agreement--Conversion of RGS Energy Shares" on pages 56 to 59.
The number of
Energy East shares to be exchanged for each RGS Energy share will be between
1.7626 and 2.3838, based on the closing price of Energy East shares on the New
York Stock Exchange during the 20-trading-day average ending two trading days
before the effective time of the merger.

    
Energy East expects to issue long-term debt and preferred stock, the
proceeds of which will be used to fund the cash portion of the consideration in
the merger.
For illustrative purposes, the unaudited pro forma financial
statements reflect the issuance of the long-term debt and the use of all of the
proceeds to fund the consideration paid to RGS Energy shareholders.

          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    GIVING EFFECT TO THE MERGERS COMPLETED IN 2000 AND THE RGS ENERGY MERGER

            ENERGY EAST CORPORATION COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                     GIVING EFFECT TO THE RGS ENERGY MERGER
                              AT DECEMBER 31, 2000

                              ACTUAL AND PRO FORMA
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                            ENERGY EAST   RGS ENERGY    PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA
                                              ACTUAL        ACTUAL     ADJUSTMENTS      ENERGY EAST
                                            -----------   
----------   -----------      -----------
                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)

ASSETS

Current Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents...............  $   33,239    $   16,258     $ (1,207)(5)   $    48,290
  Special deposits........................      
21,516                                       21,516
  Temporary investments...................     100,292                                      100,292
  Accounts receivable, net................     536,280       207,494                        743,774
  Other...................................     156,556        83,615                        240,171
                                            ----------    ----------     --------       -----------
    Total Current Assets..................     847,883       307,367       (1,207)        1,154,043

Utility Plant, at Original Cost...........   6,669,822     3,395,800                     10,065,622
  Less accumulated depreciation...........   3,096,283     2,004,928                      5,101,211
                                            ----------    ----------     --------       -----------
    Net utility plant in service..........   3,573,539     1,390,872                      4,964,411

  Construction work in progress...........      59,389       111,486                        170,875
                                            ----------    ----------     --------       -----------
    Total Utility Plant...................   3,632,928     1,502,358                      5,135,286

Other Property and Investments, Net.......     259,708       244,514                        504,222
Regulatory Assets.........................     841,504       411,212       30,800(6)      1,283,516
Other Assets..............................     469,252        72,376      239,900(7)        781,528
Goodwill..................................     952,358        27,971      608,193(8)(9)   1,588,522
                                            ----------    ----------     --------       -----------
    Total Assets..........................  $7,003,633    $2,565,798     $877,686       $10,447,117
                                            ==========    ==========     ========       ===========

                The notes on pages 76 to 78 are an integral part
           of the pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

            
ENERGY EAST CORPORATION COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                     GIVING EFFECT TO THE RGS ENERGY MERGER
                              AT DECEMBER 31, 2000

                              ACTUAL AND PRO FORMA
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                            ENERGY EAST   RGS ENERGY    PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA
                                              ACTUAL        ACTUAL     ADJUSTMENTS      ENERGY EAST
                                            -----------   
----------   -----------      -----------
                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)

LIABILITIES

Current Liabilities
  Current portion of long-term debt.......  $   25,285    $   12,095                    $    37,380
  Notes payable...........................     418,995       122,400                        541,395
  Other...................................     582,422       182,624   $    9,500(9)        774,546
                                            ----------    ----------   ----------       -----------
    Total Current Liabilities.............   1,026,702       317,119        9,500         1,353,321

Regulatory Liabilities
  Gain on sale of generation assets.......     232,041                                      232,041
  Other...................................     340,221                    239,900(7)        580,121
                                            ----------    ----------   ----------       -----------
    Total Regulatory Liabilities..........     572,262                    239,900           812,162

Deferred income taxes.....................     457,495       277,787                        735,282
Nuclear waste disposal....................                    97,291                         97,291
Other.....................................     840,514       210,626       30,800(6)      1,081,940
Long-term debt............................   2,346,814       823,860      750,000(11)     3,920,674
                                            ----------    ----------   ----------       -----------
    Total Liabilities.....................   5,243,787     1,726,683    1,030,200         8,000,670

Commitments...............................          --            --                             --
Preferred stock redeemable solely at the
  option of subsidiaries..................      43,324        47,000                         90,324
Preferred stock subject to mandatory
  redemption requirements.................                    25,000                         25,000
Common Stock Equity
Energy East common stock ($.01 par value,
  300,000 shares authorized and 117,656
  shares outstanding at December 31,
  2000)...................................       1,191                        321(11)         1,512
Common Stock Equity
RGS Energy common stock ($.01 par value,
  100,000 shares authorized and 38,957
  shares outstanding at December 31,
  2000)...................................                       
390         (390)(11)           --
Capital in excess of par value............     871,078       702,417      (88,137)(11)    1,485,358
Retained earnings.........................     918,016       181,546     (181,546)          918,016
Accumulated other comprehensive income....     (34,823)                                     (34,823)
Treasury stock, at cost (1,418 Energy East
  shares, and 4,379 RGS Energy shares, at
  December 31, 2000)......................     (38,940)     (117,238)     117,238           (38,940)
                                            ----------    ----------   ----------       -----------
    Total Common Stock Equity.............   1,716,522       767,115     (152,514)        2,331,123
                                            ----------    ----------   ----------       -----------
    Total Liabilities and Stockholders'
      Equity..............................  $7,003,633    $2,565,798   $  877,686       $10,447,117
                                            ==========    ==========   ==========       ===========

                The notes on pages 76 to 78 are an integral part
           of the pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

         
ENERGY EAST CORPORATION COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME
    GIVING EFFECT TO THE MERGERS COMPLETED IN 2000 AND THE RGS ENERGY MERGER
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                              ACTUAL AND PRO FORMA
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                      SUB TOTAL
                                                          2000        PRO FORMA
                                                         MERGERS     ENERGY EAST
                                         ENERGY EAST    PRO FORMA     AND 2000     RGS ENERGY     PRO FORMA     PRO FORMA
                                           ACTUAL      ADJUSTMENTS     MERGERS       ACTUAL      ADJUSTMENTS   ENERGY EAST
                                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                                                             (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Operating Revenues
  Sales and services...................  
$2,959,520    $  952,955    $3,912,475    $1,448,119                  $5,360,594

Operating Expenses
  Electricity purchased and fuel used
    in generation......................   1,073,728       350,542     1,424,270       134,709                   1,558,979
  Natural gas purchased................     496,509       156,749       653,258       208,588                     861,846
  Gasoline, propane and oil
    purchased..........................          --                                   340,306                     340,306
  Other operating expenses.............     435,965       230,539       666,504       288,691                     955,195
  Maintenance..........................     108,106        31,057       139,163        56,155                     195,318
  Depreciation and amortization........     
165,524        62,088       227,612       116,184     $ 15,205(12)    359,001
  Other taxes..........................     165,767        30,201       195,968        94,576                     290,544
                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     --------     ----------
    Total Operating Expenses...........   2,445,599       861,176     3,306,775     1,239,209       15,205      4,561,189
                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     --------     ----------

Operating Income.......................     513,921        91,779       605,700       208,910      (15,205)       779,405
Other (Income) and Deductions..........     (32,906)      (96,043)     (128,949)      (10,346)                   (139,295)
Interest Charges, Net..................     152,503        84,247       236,750        62,720       56,250(10)    355,720
Preferred Stock Dividends of
  Subsidiaries.........................         963         1,546         2,509         3,700                       6,209
                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     --------     ----------

Income Before Income Taxes.............     393,361       102,029       495,390       152,836      (71,455)       576,771

Income Taxes...........................     
156,682        83,345       240,027        60,977      (22,500)(13)    278,504
                                         ----------    
----------    ----------    ----------     --------     
----------

Income Before Extraordinary Item.......     236,679        18,684       255,363        91,859      (48,955)       298,267

Extraordinary Loss on Early
  Extinguishment of Debt, Net of Income
  Tax Benefit of $1,121................       1,645            --         1,645            --           --          1,645
                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     --------     
----------

Net Income.............................  $  235,034        18,684       253,718    $   91,859     $(48,955)    $  296,622
                                         ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========     ========     ==========

Earnings Per Share, basic and
  diluted..............................  $     2.06                                                            $     2.03

Average Common Shares Outstanding......     114,213                                                 32,111(14)    146,324

                
The notes on pages 76 to 78 are an integral part
           of the pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

      
NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     GIVING EFFECT TO THE RGS ENERGY MERGER

NOTE 1.
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

    
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of income for the year
ended December 31, 2000, gives effect to the mergers completed in 2000 and the
RGS Energy merger as if these events occurred on January 1, 2000.
The unaudited
pro forma combined condensed balance sheet gives effect to the RGS Energy merger
as if it occurred December 31, 2000.

    
The 2000 Mergers Pro Forma Adjustments include: (1) amounts for the period
from January 1, 2000, to the respective companies' acquisition dates to reflect
income statement activity; (2) additional goodwill of $11.7 million, and
additional interest expense of $37.8 million on the debt issued to finance a
portion of the mergers; (3) the elimination of merger related costs of
$19.5 million included in other operating expenses and a decrease in interest
income of $26.2 million; and (4) a decrease in income taxes of $16.9 million due
to items 2 and 3 previously mentioned.

    
The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements presented have not
been adjusted to give effect to the proposed sales of Energy East's 18% interest
and RGS Energy's 14% interest in the Nine Mile Point 2 nuclear generating
station to Constellation Energy, which is expected to be completed in 2001.
A
detailed discussion of the sales is presented in each company's Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2000, incorporated by reference in this document.

Certain effects of the sales are presented in the following table, assuming the
sales are completed by July 1, 2001:

                                                              ENERGY EAST   RGS ENERGY
                                                              -----------   -----------
                                                              (THOUSANDS)   (THOUSANDS)

(Decrease) in net utility plant, including nuclear fuel.....    
$(12,451)    $(370,004)
Deferred gain (loss)(1).....................................    $ 71,368     $(326,647)
Investment tax credit benefit...............................    $     --     $  13,124

- ------------------------

(1)  
The amounts of the deferred gain and the deferred loss will be amortized
     subject to approval by the New York State Public Service Commission.


NOTE 2. ACCOUNTING METHOD.

    
The RGS Energy merger will be accounted for as an acquisition of RGS Energy
by Energy East under the purchase method of accounting in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.
The amount of goodwill recorded will
reflect the excess of the purchase price over the estimated net fair value of
assets and liabilities of RGS Energy's utility and non-utility businesses at the
time of closing, plus Energy East's estimated transaction costs related to the
merger.
The assets and liabilities of RGS Energy's non-utility businesses will
be revalued to fair value, including an allocation to goodwill, if appropriate.


NOTE 3.
RGS ENERGY MERGER.

    
The historical consolidated financial statements of Energy East and RGS
Energy for the year ended December 31, 2000, have been adjusted to give effect
to the merger.


NOTE 4.
EARNINGS PER SHARE AND AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING.

    
The pro forma earnings per share and number of average shares outstanding
have been restated to reflect the average number of shares that would have been
outstanding if the merger occurred at the beginning of the periods presented
assuming a conversion of 45% of the RGS Energy shares into 2.0637 Energy East
shares per RGS Energy share.
The exchange ratio of 2.0637 is based on a value of
$39.50 per RGS Energy share and a market price of $19.14 per Energy East share.

If the Average Market Price is between $16.57 per share and $22.41 per share,
then each RGS Energy share converted

      NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               GIVING EFFECT TO THE RGS ENERGY MERGER (CONTINUED)

NOTE 4.
EARNINGS PER SHARE AND AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING.
(CONTINUED)
into stock will be exchanged for $39.50 worth of Energy East shares.
If the
Average Market Price is less than or equal to $16.57, then each RGS Energy share
converted into stock will be exchanged for 2.3838 Energy East shares,
irrespective of the value of the Energy East shares.
Finally, if the Average
Market Price is greater than or equal to $22.41 per share, then each RGS Energy
share will be exchanged for 1.7626 Energy East shares, again irrespective of the
value of Energy East shares.
The following table presents the range of shares
that could be issued based on various potential conversion ratios provided under
the merger agreement:

Conversion ratio....................................   1.7626     2.0637     2.3838
Number of shares (thousands)........................   27,426     32,111     37,092

NOTE 5.
CASH CONSIDERATION.

    
This amount reflects the cash consideration paid to RGS Energy shareholders
based on a purchase price per share of $39.50 for 55% of the shares outstanding
as of December 31, 2000, and the cash received from the issuance of the
long-term debt.


NOTE 6.
REGULATORY ASSET AND RELATED LIABILITY.

    
This amount reflects the recognition of a regulatory asset and a liability
for the estimated difference between RGS Energy's net other postretirement
benefit obligation and the previously recognized liability.


NOTE 7.
OTHER ASSET AND RELATED REGULATORY LIABILITY.

    
This amount reflects the recognition of an other asset and a regulatory
liability for the estimated difference between RGS Energy's net pension benefit
and the previously recognized liability.


NOTE 8.
GOODWILL.

    
This amount reflects the recognition of goodwill equal to the excess of the
estimated purchase price of $1,365.8 million over the estimated net fair value
of the assets and liabilities of RGS Energy acquired of $767.1 million, plus
estimated transaction costs of $9.5 million related to the merger.
For every one
dollar increase in the Average Market Price above $22.41 per share, the purchase
price will increase by approximately $27 million.
For every one dollar decrease
in the Average Market Price below $16.57, the purchase price will decrease by
approximately $37 million.


NOTE 9.
MERGER-RELATED COSTS.

    
Energy East and RGS Energy will incur direct expenses related to the merger,
including financial advisor, legal and accounting fees.
The pro forma
adjustments include an estimate for Energy East's merger-related costs of
$9.5 million, which is included in goodwill.
RGS Energy expects to incur
approximately $12.5 million of merger-related costs, which it will expense as
incurred.
The actual amount of merger-related costs may differ from the amounts
reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.


NOTE 10.
LONG-TERM DEBT.

    
This amount reflects the issuance of $750 million principal amount of notes
payable with an assumed fixed interest rate of 7.5%, the proceeds of which will
be used to fund the consideration paid to RGS Energy shareholders.
A 1/8 of 1%
change in interest rate will increase or decrease interest expense by $0.9
million.

      NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               GIVING EFFECT TO THE RGS ENERGY MERGER (CONTINUED)

NOTE 11.
COMMON STOCK.

    
This amount reflects the Energy East shares to be issued to RGS Energy
shareholders in exchange for 45% of their RGS Energy shares, assuming a
conversion ratio of 2.0637 Energy East shares per RGS Energy share, and the
exchange of 55% of their RGS Energy shares for cash.


NOTE 12.
AMORTIZATION OF GOODWILL.

    
This amount represents the amortization of goodwill for financial accounting
purposes over a 40-year period.
The goodwill is not amortizable for tax
purposes.


NOTE 13.
INCOME TAXES.

    
Income taxes on the pro forma combined condensed income statement have been
based on the statutory rate and adjusted for goodwill, which is not tax
deductible.


NOTE 14.
ENERGY EAST SHARES ISSUED.

    
This amount reflects the number of Energy East shares to be issued in the
merger assuming a conversion of 45% of the RGS Energy shares into 2.0637 Energy
East shares per RGS Energy share.

                        
COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF RGS ENERGY
                   SHAREHOLDERS AND ENERGY EAST SHAREHOLDERS

    
As a result of the merger, some or all of the RGS Energy shareholders will
become Energy East shareholders.
The rights of both Energy East shareholders and
RGS Energy shareholders are presently governed by the New York Business
Corporation Law.
Any differences, therefore, in the rights of Energy East
shareholders and RGS Energy shareholders arise exclusively from the differences
in their respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws.
The following is a
summary comparison of the material differences between the rights of RGS Energy
shareholders and the rights of Energy East shareholders.

    
This summary does not purport to be a complete discussion of, and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to, the New York Business Corporation Law
and the certificates of incorporation and bylaws of the two companies, copies of
which are on file with the SEC.

                   
ENERGY EAST                                          RGS ENERGY

                                       AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

    Energy East's authorized capital stock          RGS Energy's authorized capital stock consists of
consists of 300,000,000 shares of common stock,     100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01
par value $.01 per share, of which       were       per share, of which       were outstanding at the
outstanding at the close of business on             close of business on             , 2001, and
      , 2001, and 10,000,000 business shares of     10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, none of  $.01 per share, none of which was outstanding at
which was outstanding at the close of business on   the close of business on             , 2001.
            , 2001.

                                            
VOTING RIGHTS

    Each Energy East shareholder generally is       Each RGS Energy shareholder is entitled to one
entitled to one vote per share.
In elections of     vote per share.
RGS Energy shareholders may not
directors, however, Energy East shareholders are    cumulate their votes.

entitled to "cumulate" their votes.
Under
"cumulative voting," the total number of votes
that a shareholder may cast in an election of
directors in a given class equals the number of
directors in such class to be elected multiplied
by the number of shares held; the shareholder may
cast all of his or her votes for a single
director, or he or she may distribute the votes
among two or more directors in such class.

                                              
DIVIDENDS

    Under the New York Business Corporation Law,    RGS Energy is subject to the same legal
Energy East may declare and pay dividends or make   restrictions regarding dividends as Energy East.

other distributions to its shareholders (subject
to the rights of preferred stock, none of which is
outstanding), unless, after doing so, they would
be unable to pay their debts as they become due in
the ordinary course of its business, or when doing
so would be contrary to any restrictions contained
in its certificate of incorporation.
Moreover, the
net assets of Energy East remaining after a
declaration, payment or distribution by Energy
East must be at least as much as its stated
capital.

                        
ELECTION AND CLASSIFICATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    The Energy East board of directors is composed  The RGS Energy board of directors is composed of
of three classes.
One class is elected each year    three classes.
One class is elected each year for
for a three-year term.                              
a three-year term.

                                    SIZE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    The Energy East board of directors may fix the  The RGS Energy board of directors may fix the
number of directors by a vote of a majority of the  number of directors by a vote of a majority of the
directors then in office.
In the event that the     directors then in office.
In the event that the
Energy East board of directors increases the        RGS Energy board of directors increases the number
number of directors, it may elect the additional    of directors, it may elect the additional
directors.
The Energy East board of directors       directors.
The RGS Energy board of directors
currently consists of thirteen directors.
After     currently consists of twelve directors.

the merger with RGS Energy, the Energy East board
of directors will consist of sixteen directors.

                              
REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS; FILLING OF VACANCIES

    Under the Energy East bylaws, except as         Under the RGS Energy bylaws, a director may be
otherwise provided by the New York Business         removed only for cause, by a majority of votes
Corporation Law, a director may be removed only     cast at a meeting of the RGS Energy board of
for cause and only at a meeting of shareholders by  directors or by a majority of votes cast at an RGS
the holders of a majority of the votes of Energy    Energy shareholders' meeting.
Any vacancy on the
East shares issued and outstanding.
The New York    RGS Energy board of directors will be filled
Business Corporation Law provides that, when a      solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of
corporation has cumulative voting, no director may  the remaining directors, even though less than a
be removed when the votes cast against his removal  quorum, and not by the shareholders.
would be sufficient to elect him if voted
cumulatively.
Any vacancies on the Energy East
board of directors will be filled solely by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
directors, even though less than a quorum, and not
by the shareholders.

                                   
SPECIAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

    Under the Energy East bylaws, special meetings  Under the RGS Energy bylaws, special meetings of
of shareholders may be called by the chairman, the  shareholders may be called by the chairman, the
president or at the request of a majority of the    president or at the request of a majority of the
board of directors or of a majority of the          board of directors.
RGS Energy shareholders may
outstanding Energy East shares.
Energy East         act without a meeting but only by unanimous
shareholders may act without a meeting but only by  written consent.
Under the New York Business
unanimous written consent.
Under the New York       Corporation Law, the only business that may be
Business Corporation Law, the only business that    conducted at a special meeting of shareholders is
may be conducted at a special meeting of            that which is related to the purposes set forth in
shareholders is that which is related to the        the notice of the meeting.

purposes set forth in the notice of the meeting.

                                      
ADVANCE NOTICE PROVISIONS

    For an Energy East shareholder to nominate      For an RGS Energy shareholder to bring a matter
individuals for election as directors or to bring   before an annual meeting, the secretary of RGS
a matter before an annual meeting, the secretary    Energy must receive written notice of the
of Energy East must receive written notice of the   shareholder's intent, containing certain required
shareholder's intent, containing certain required   information.
With respect to a matter to be
information.
With respect to an election at, or a   considered at an annual meeting, the secretary
matter to be brought before, an annual meeting,     must receive the notice at least 90 days before
the secretary must receive the notice between 90    the date of the annual meeting.

and 120 days before the anniversary of the
preceding annual meeting.
With respect to an
election at a special meeting, the secretary must
receive the notice at least ten days before the
earlier of (1) the date notice of the special
meeting was mailed and (2) the date that the
special meeting date was publicly disclosed.

                              
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    The New York Business Corporation Law           RGS Energy's bylaws generally provide for
generally provides that a corporation may           indemnification, as described in the Energy East
indemnify an officer or director made a party or    column, of directors and officers of RGS Energy or
threatened to be made a party to any type of        any subsidiary of RGS Energy and of other
proceeding against judgments, fines, amounts paid   companies which such persons were serving at the
in settlement and expenses (including attorneys'    request of RGS Energy, to the extent not
fees) actually and necessarily incurred in          prohibited by law.
Under RGS Energy's bylaws, a
connection with the proceedings:                    director or officer may be entitled to additional
    - if he acted in good faith for a purpose he    indemnification rights arising under applicable
      reasonably believed to be in or not opposed   law, by agreement or otherwise.
      to the best interests of the corporation;
      and
    - in the case of a criminal proceeding, if he
      had no reasonable cause to believe that his
      conduct was unlawful.
    
The New York Business Corporation Law sets
specific standards only for indemnification of
officers and directors, but it permits
corporations to indemnify corporate personnel
other than officers and directors.
    
Energy East's bylaws generally provide for
indemnification of directors and officers, as well
as employees, of Energy East and of other
companies which such persons were serving at the
request of Energy East, to the extent not
prohibited by law.
Under Energy East's bylaws, a
director, officer or employee may be entitled to
additional indemnification rights arising under
any statute, certificate of incorporation, bylaw
or agreement.

                              
AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

    The Energy East certificate of incorporation    The RGS Energy certificate of incorporation
generally may be amended by a majority of the       generally may be amended by a majority of the
outstanding Energy East shares, but the provision   outstanding RGS Energy shares, but the provision
relating to amendments to certain bylaws may be     relating to the manner of electing directors may
amended only by two-thirds of the votes of the      be amended only by two-thirds of the votes of
outstanding Energy East shares.                     
outstanding RGS Energy shares entitled to vote.
                                                    
Amendments to the provisions relating to
                                                    preemptive rights, amendments to the RGS Energy
                                                    certificate of incorporation and amendments to
                                                    certain bylaw provisions must be authorized by
                                                    seventy-five percent of the votes of the
                                                    outstanding RGS Energy shares entitled to vote.

                                         
AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

    The Energy East bylaws may be amended by a          The RGS Energy bylaws may be amended by a
majority of the outstanding Energy East shares, or  majority of votes cast at a shareholder meeting,
by a majority vote at a meeting of the Energy East  or by a majority vote at a meeting of the RGS
board of directors.
However, an amendment of some   Energy board of directors.
However, an amendment
bylaws, if by action of Energy East shareholders,   of some bylaws, if by action of RGS Energy
must be by two-thirds of the outstanding Energy     shareholders, must be by seventy-five percent of
East shares.
The bylaws that may not be amended     the outstanding RGS Energy shares.
The bylaws that
without a supermajority vote generally relate to    may not be amended without a supermajority vote
the advance notice procedures, special meetings of  generally relate to the advance notice procedures,
shareholders, structure of the Energy East board    special meetings of shareholders, structure of the
of directors and amendment of the supermajority     RGS Energy board of directors and amendment of the
requirements.                                       
supermajority requirements.
If the RGS Energy
                                                    board of directors adopts, amends or repeals any
                                                    bylaw relating to an upcoming election of
                                                    directors, this change, and a summary of the
                                                    change, must be included in the notice for the
                                                    next RGS Energy shareholder meeting at which
                                                    directors will be elected.

                                          DUTY OF DIRECTORS

    Under the New York Business Corporation Law,        RGS Energy directors are under the same duties
in performing his or her duties, a director is      as Energy East directors.

required to act in good faith and to use that
degree of care that an ordinarily prudent person
in a similar position would use under similar
circumstances.
    
In taking action, including action that may
involve or relate to a change or potential change
in control, a director may consider the long-term
and short-term interests of Energy East
shareholders and the effects that the companies'
actions may have in the short-term or in the
long-term upon their respective:
    - prospects for growth and development;
    - current employees;
    - retired employees and others receiving
      retirement, welfare or similar benefits from
      or pursuant to any plan or agreement of
      Energy East;
    - customers and creditors; and
    - ability to provide, as a going concern,
      goods, services, employment opportunities
      and employment benefits and otherwise to
      contribute to the communities in which it
      does business.

                                        
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

    Under the Energy East certificate of            Under the New York Business Corporation Law, a
incorporation, a majority of the outstanding        majority of the outstanding RGS Energy shares are
Energy East shares are needed to adopt a plan of    needed to adopt a plan of merger or consolidation.
merger or consolidation.
Section 912 of the New     This statutory requirement applicable to RGS
York Business Corporation Law prohibits a New York  Energy is the same as the vote requirement
corporation from engaging in certain business       provided in Energy East's certificate of
combinations with an interested shareholder         incorporation.
Section 912 of the New York
(generally, the beneficial owner of 20% or more of  Business Corporation Law also applies to RGS
a corporation's voting stock) for five years        Energy.

following the time the shareholder became an
interested shareholder, unless, prior to that
time, the corporation's board of directors
approved the business combination or the
transaction that resulted in the shareholder
becoming an interested shareholder.
After five
years, these business combinations may occur if
approved by a majority vote of shares not owned by
the interested shareholder, or if specific fair
price requirements are met.

                                        
FAIR PRICE PROVISIONS

  Under the New York Business Corporation Law, a    The fair price provisions of the New York Business
corporation may engage in a business combination    Corporation Law also apply to RGS Energy.
with any interested shareholder when the cash and
other consideration to be received by the other
shareholders is at least equal to the higher of:
    - the highest per share price paid by the
      interested shareholder at a time when he or
      she beneficially owned at least five percent
      of the outstanding voting stock and within
      the five years immediately prior to the date
      the business combination is first announced;
    - the highest price paid by the interested
      shareholder within the five years
      immediately prior to, or in, the transaction
      in which he or she became an interested
      shareholder; and
    - the market value per share of common stock
      on the date the business combination is
      first announced or on the interested
      shareholder's stock acquisition date,
      whichever is higher;
plus, in each case, any accrued interest, and
less, in each case, any paid dividends.

                                   
STATE LAW TAKEOVER RESTRICTIONS

    The New York Security Takeover Disclosure Act   The New York Security Takeover Disclosure Act also
does not apply to Energy East because it is a       does not apply to RGS Energy.

public utility holding company as defined in the
Public Utility Holding Company Act and any
takeover bid would be subject to SEC approval.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

    
The validity of the Energy East shares to be issued in the merger will be
passed upon for Energy East by Huber Lawrence & Abell.
As of       , members of
Huber Lawrence & Abell owned       Energy East shares.

                                    
EXPERTS

    The consolidated financial statements of RGS Energy incorporated in this
document by reference to RGS Energy's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on authority of that
firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

    
The consolidated financial statements of Energy East incorporated in this
document by reference to Energy East's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on authority of that
firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                         
THE RGS ENERGY ANNUAL MEETING

    This document is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by
the board of directors of RGS Energy for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be held               , 2001.
The mailing address of RGS Energy's principal
executive office is 89 East Avenue, Rochester, New York 14649-0001.
You should
read this document carefully before voting your shares.


ANNUAL REPORT

    An Annual Report to shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2000,
including consolidated financial statements, has been mailed to all shareholders
of record.
The Annual Report is not part of this document.


OUTSTANDING VOTING SECURITIES AND VOTING RIGHTS

    GENERAL.  
The close of business on             , 2001 has been fixed as the
record date for determining the holders of RGS Energy common stock entitled to
vote at the 2001 annual meeting.
As of          , 2001, RGS Energy had
outstanding          shares of common stock.
Shareholders of record are entitled
to one vote per share.

    
In voting on the merger and other transactions contained in the merger
agreement holders of RGS Energy common stock may vote for, against or abstain
from voting their shares.
The affirmative vote of a majority of outstanding RGS
Energy shares is required to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

Accordingly, an abstention, a failure to vote or a broker non-vote has the
effect of a vote against the merger proposal.
In voting in the election of
directors, holders of RGS Energy common stock may vote for all of the nominees
or may withhold their votes as to all or specific nominees.
The three nominees
who receive the highest number of affirmative votes, in person or by proxy, will
be elected.
As a result, in accordance with New York law, abstentions will have
no effect on the election of directors.

    
In connection with the annual meeting, holders of RGS Energy common stock
have three ways to vote by proxy: (a) by mail, (b) by telephone and (c) over the
Internet.
To vote electronically, by telephone or over the Internet, holders of
RGS Energy common stock should follow the instructions on the enclosed proxy
form.
To vote by mail, holders of RGS Energy common stock should complete and
return the enclosed proxy form in the envelope provided.

    
If a holder of RGS Energy common stock completes and returns a proxy by
mail, telephone or Internet, the proxies will vote such holder's shares in
accordance with the instructions in the proxy.
If a holder signs and returns the
proxy form without checking any boxes, the proxies will vote such holder's
shares for the merger agreement and for the election of all of the nominees for
director.

    
HOLDERS OF RGS ENERGY COMMON STOCK MAY REVOKE THEIR PROXY AT ANY TIME BEFORE
ITS EXERCISE AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, REGARDLESS OF HOW IT IS SUBMITTED.
THEREFORE, VOTING BY PROXY NOW WILL NOT AFFECT SUCH HOLDERS' RIGHT TO VOTE IN
PERSON AT THE MEETING.

    
RGS ENERGY EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDERS.  
In the case of an employee of RGS Energy
or any of its subsidiaries, the proxy is for shares of RGS Energy common stock
registered in such employee's name as well as any shares held for such employee
shareholder under the RGS Energy Automatic Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
Purchase Plan, the RG&E Savings Plus Plan and/or the RGS Energy Employee Stock
Ownership Plan.

    
If a participant in the RG&E Savings Plus Plan does not return the proxy
form or otherwise vote by telephone or over the Internet, the trustee of the
RG&E Savings Plus Plan may nonetheless instruct the proxies to vote any Savings
Plus Plan shares held by such participant (but not such participant's other
shares) in the same proportion as shares voted by other participants in such
plan.

    
NON-EMPLOYEE RGS ENERGY SHAREHOLDERS.  
In the case of holders of RGS Energy
common stock who are not employees of RGS Energy or any of its subsidiaries, the
proxy is for shares of RGS Energy common stock registered in such holder's name
as well as any shares held for such holder under the RGS Energy Automatic
Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan.

    
SHARES HELD IN STREET NAME.  
Whether or not a holder of RGS Energy common
stock is an employee of RGS Energy or any of its subsidiaries, if such holder
beneficially owns shares which a broker holds in street name on such holder's
behalf, such holder will be provided with a form of proxy instructing the broker
how to vote the shares.
If a holder does not provide voting instructions to a
broker, the broker may, in accordance with the rules of the New York Stock
Exchange, vote such shares in the broker's discretion with respect to
"discretionary" matters.
However, Proposal 1, the merger proposal, is considered
a "non-discretionary item," and the broker may not vote shares for which no
voting instructions have been received on Proposal 1.
As a result, if you do not
instruct your broker on how to vote your shares, this will have the effect of a
vote against the merger proposal.

                        
PROPOSAL 1--THE MERGER PROPOSAL

    Proposal 1 is a proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement.
For
summary and detailed information regarding the proposed merger with Energy East,
see "The Merger--General Description of the Merger" on page 23.

                       
PROPOSAL 2--ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

    The board of directors of RGS Energy currently consists of twelve directors
divided into three classes.
One class of directors is elected at each annual
meeting of shareholders for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual
meeting.
The Board intends to reduce the number of directors to eleven,
following the retirement of Mr. Cornelius J. Murphy as a Class III director at
the annual meeting on             , 2001.
Mr. Murphy has been a director since
1981 and has served as Chairman of the Committee on Management and of the
Executive and Finance Committee of the Board.
Management and the Board
appreciate his many contributions to RGS Energy over the years.

    
The following individuals, all of whom are incumbent directors of RGS
Energy, have been nominated for election at the 2001 annual meeting to serve as
directors for a term expiring at the 2004 annual meeting and thereafter until
their successors are elected and qualify:

    - Angelo J. Chiarella,

    - Mark B. Grier, and

    - Jay T. Holmes.

    
Unless holders of RGS Energy common stock specify otherwise on their proxy,
the proxies will vote shares represented by proxies for the election of the
nominees listed above.
While it is anticipated that the nominees will be able to
qualify or accept office, if one or more should be unable to do so, the proxies
reserve the right to vote for any substitute nominee or nominees designated by
the board of directors.

    
The following paragraphs identify the nominees standing for election and the
continuing directors, including their principal occupations and business
experience for the past five years.


NOMINEES--CLASS III (TERM EXPIRING IN 2004)

    ANGELO J. CHIARELLA.  
(age 67)
Mr. Chiarella has been Director of Planning
at FJF Architects, LLP since March 1999.
He served as Vice President, Rochester
Midtown L.L.C., a real estate development and leasing company, from
November 1997 until January 1999.
Mr. Chiarella was previously President and
Chief Executive Officer of Midtown Holdings Corp.
He is a director of

Transmation, Inc.
Mr. Chiarella has been a director of RGS Energy since
August 2, 1999 and a director of RG&E since 1992.

    
MARK B. GRIER.  
(age 48)
Mr. Grier has been Executive Vice President,
Financial Management of The Prudential Insurance Company of America since
October 1998.
He served as Executive Vice President, Financial Management of The
Prudential from June 1997 to October 1998, as Chief Financial Officer of The
Prudential from May 1995 to June 1997 and as Executive Vice President, The Chase
Manhattan Bank, N.A. from 1991 to May 1995.
He is a director of Annuity & Life
Reinsurance, Ltd.
Mr. Grier has been a director of RGS Energy since August 2,
1999 and a director of RG&E since 1997.

    JAY T. HOLMES.  
(age 58)
Mr. Holmes has been an attorney and business
consultant since May 1996.
He served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Administrative Officer of Bausch & Lomb Incorporated from March 1995 until his
retirement in May 1996.
Mr. Holmes previously held numerous executive positions
at Bausch & Lomb, serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative
Officer from November 1994 to March 1995 and as Senior Vice President--Corporate
Affairs and Secretary from 1983 until November 1994.
He is a director of VISX,
Incorporated.
Mr. Holmes has been a director of RGS Energy since August 2, 1999
and a director of RG&E since 1992.


CONTINUING DIRECTORS--CLASS I (TERM EXPIRING IN 2002)

    G. JEAN HOWARD.  
(age 57)
Ms. Howard has served as Executive Director of
Wilson Commencement Park, a human services and housing management agency
empowering low-income, single-parent families to become socially and
economically self-sufficient, since 1990.
Prior to joining WCP, Ms. Howard
served in management capacities at several human services agencies nationwide.

Ms. Howard serves as a board member or trustee of numerous civic and
philanthropic organizations, including Bennett College, WXXI Public
Broadcasting, Inc., Monroe Community College, Center for Governmental
Research, Inc. and the Otetiana Council, Boy Scouts of America, Inc.
Ms. Howard
has been a director of RGS Energy since August 2, 1999 and a director of RG&E
since April 29, 1999.

    
SAMUEL T. HUBBARD, JR.  (age 51)
Mr. Hubbard has served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of High Falls Brewing Company, LLC, a producer of malt
beverages, since January 2001.
He previously served as President and Chief
Executive Officer from March 2000 until January 2001 and as President and Chief
Operating Officer from June 1999 to March 2000 of the Genesee Corporation, which
conducted business in the areas of malt beverages, dry-food processing and
packaging, equipment and real estate investment.
Mr. Hubbard served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Alling and Cory Company, a wholesale
distributor of fine printing paper, industrial and business products, from 1986
until November 1998.
He is a director of M&T Bank Corporation and the Genesee
Corporation.
Mr. Hubbard has been a director of RGS Energy since August 2, 1999
and a director of RG&E since 1996.

    
CLEVE L. KILLINGSWORTH, JR.  (age 48)
Mr. Killingsworth has served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Health Alliance Plan, a corporate
affiliate of the Henry Ford Health System, since January 1998.
He served as
President of several Kaiser Foundation Health Plans from 1994 to 1997 and in
senior executive positions at Blue Cross/Blue Shield of the Rochester Area from
1986 to 1994.
Mr. Killingsworth is a director of the Reynolds and Reynolds
Company.
He has been a director of RGS Energy since August 2, 1999 and a
director of RG&E since July 1998.

    
ROGER W. KOBER.  
(age 67)
Mr. Kober served as Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of RG&E from March 1996 until his retirement in
January 1998.
Mr. Kober served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer of RG&E from January 1992 to March 1996.
Mr. Kober is a
director of Home Properties of New York, Inc.
He has been a director of RGS
Energy since August 2, 1999 and a director of RG&E since 1988.


CONTINUING DIRECTORS--CLASS II (TERM EXPIRING IN 2003)

    ALLAN E. DUGAN.  
(age 60)
Mr. Dugan has served as Executive Vice President
and President, Worldwide Business Services of Xerox Corporation since
January 2000.
Prior to assuming his current position, Mr. Dugan was Executive
Vice President, Business Group Operations, Senior Vice President, Corporate
Strategic Services and Senior Vice President and General Manager, Manufacturing
Operations Worldwide.
Mr. Dugan has been a director of RGS Energy since
August 2, 1999 and a director of RG&E since 1991.

    
SUSAN R. HOLLIDAY.  
(age 45) Ms. Holliday has been President and Publisher
of the Rochester Business Journal since 1988.
She serves as a board member or
trustee of several civic and philanthropic organizations including the United
Way of Greater Rochester, Rochester Museum and Science Center, George Eastman
House, University of Rochester Medical Center and Rochester Institute of
Technology.
Ms. Holliday has been a director of RGS Energy since August 2, 1999
and a director of RG&E since 1997.

    
CHARLES I. PLOSSER.  
(age 52)
Dean Plosser has served since 1991 as the John
M. Olin Distinguished Professor of Economics and Public Policy, and as Dean
since July 1993, of the William E. Simon Graduate School of Business
Administration, University of Rochester.
He has been a director of RGS Energy
since August 2, 1999 and a director of RG&E since 1996.

    