URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1038339/000095013301001023/0000950133-01-001023.txt

Background of the Merger

In pursuing their strategies for enhancing shareholder value,
each of Equity Office and Spieker regularly consider
opportunities for acquisitions, joint ventures and other
significant transactions.


Over the last five years, representatives of Spieker management
have investigated and evaluated a number of strategic
opportunities for the purpose of enhancing value for Spieker
stockholders.
The strategic opportunities considered have
included mergers with other entities, acquisitions of other
entities and businesses, divestiture of substantial portions of
Spieker’s assets and joint venture opportunities.
Among
other activities, Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought
evaluated numerous acquisition and merger opportunities in
different markets throughout the United States and reported on
these opportunities to the Spieker board of directors as
appropriate.


This analysis of strategic opportunities continued during 1999
and early 2000.
In early 1999, the chief executive officer of
another entity, referred to in this description as
“company B,” contacted Spieker concerning a
possible transaction between Spieker and company B
culminating in a meeting between Mr. Spieker and the chief
executive officer of company B on April 6, 1999.
At
that time, Spieker and company B concluded that a
combination of their two companies was not in the best interests
of their respective stockholders.


At the regularly scheduled meeting of the Spieker board of
directors on December 8, 1999, the Spieker board of
directors again considered Spieker’s strategic alternatives
to enhance stockholder value.
Among other things, the board of
directors discussed and considered the general status of the
economy and of Spieker’s markets and other markets in
general, the REIT industry and Spieker’s stock price
performance.
The Spieker board of directors also received a
report of Spieker management concerning stock repurchase
programs and REIT leveraged buyout transactions.


On March 8, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the
board of directors, the Spieker board of directors discussed
with Spieker management the three-year target plan for Spieker
and different strategic alternatives available to Spieker to
enhance stockholder value.
Among other things, the board of
directors reviewed Spieker’s recent growth and its
prospects for future growth and the risk to Spieker’s
ability to maintain above-industry average growth rates as a
result of (1) moderating of growth in market rents in
Spieker’s existing markets and (2) a lack of
geographic diversification with respect to Spieker’s
portfolio.
In addition, Mr. Vought and Mr. Foster led
a discussion of the Spieker board of directors and
representatives of Spieker management concerning the possibility
of a merger of Spieker with another entity, the sale of Spieker
to another entity, the sale of specific assets of Spieker,
geographic diversification



of Spieker and its properties through acquisitions of other
entities or entering into different but related lines of
business.
The Spieker board of directors directed management of
Spieker to continue to evaluate strategic alternatives with the
goal of maximizing stockholder value and returns.


At the June 7, 2000 and September 6, 2000 regularly
scheduled meetings of the Spieker board of directors,
discussions with representatives of Spieker management
concerning Spieker’s strategic alternatives continued.
At
each meeting, the board of directors again considered the
possibility of merging with other entities, divesting portions
of Spieker’s assets to refocus attention on particular
markets and assets and entering into different but related lines
of business.
The board also discussed the difficulties Spieker
might face in meeting its long-term growth targets on its own
given the projected size of Spieker and the markets in which
Spieker conducts its operations.


In August 2000, Spieker entered into an agreement with
another company, referred to in this description as
“company C,” under which Spieker and
company C agreed to exchange confidential information for
the purposes of evaluating a business transaction between the
two companies which would result in an acquisition by Spieker of
company C. After the exchange of confidential information,
Spieker determined not to pursue a transaction with
company C.

During much of 2000, representatives of Equity Office and
representatives of Spieker collaborated on a variety of specific
projects, including a technology consortium, and other ancillary
matters.
From that collaboration, Mr. Vought and
Timothy H. Callahan, the Chief Executive Officer of Equity
Office, expressed an interest in discussing whether their
respective companies might jointly pursue a range of other
opportunities.


On December 6, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of
the Spieker board of directors, Mr. Spieker led a
discussion of strategic alternatives for Spieker, including
maintaining Spieker’s independence, pursuing possible
acquisitions and pursuing possible merger transactions.

Mr. Spieker informed the board that management had
concluded, after reviewing all of the possible strategic
alternatives, that a strategic merger or business combination
could be the best alternative for maximizing stockholder value.

Mr. Spieker indicated that Spieker management had concluded
that two companies were Spieker’s most attractive potential
merger candidates, one of which was Equity Office and the other
of which was company B. Mr. Spieker and
Mr. Vought then led a discussion of the board of directors
concerning the relative advantages and disadvantages of a merger
with either of the two candidates.
Following further discussion,
the Spieker board of directors concluded that Spieker and its
stockholders would be well served if Spieker management
investigated potential merger opportunities and directed
management to do so and to make further reports to the board.


Following the December 6, 2000 meeting, Mr. Spieker
contacted the chief executive officer of company B and
discussed the fact that Spieker was in the process of reviewing
its strategic alternatives and inquired whether company B
would be interested in resuming their conversations from
April 1999.
The chief executive officer of company B
indicated that company B would be interested in resuming
those conversations and, on December 20, 2000,
Mr. Spieker and the chief executive officer of
company B met in New York where they discussed in more
detail the possibility of a combination of their two companies.

The chief executive officer of company B indicated that
company B would be interested in pursuing the possibility
of a merger of equals with Spieker.
In conjunction with the
resumed conversations between Spieker and company B, the
chief executive officer of company B suggested that he and
other officers of company B meet with Mr. Foster and
Mr. Vought.


Following the December 6, 2000 meeting, Mr. Vought
contacted Mr. Callahan of Equity Office to suggest that the
two meet to discuss their respective companies and businesses.

On December 21, 2000, Mr. Vought met with
Mr. Callahan in Chicago where they discussed the
possibility of a combination of their two businesses and whether
that would be in the best interests of their respective
shareholders.
Mr. Callahan indicated that he was interested
in continuing these conversations and would give Mr. Vought
a further call following Christmas.
On December 23, 2000,
Mr. Callahan contacted Mr. Vought to re-affirm that he
was interested in continuing these conversations.
On
December 28, 2000, Mr. Callahan told Mr. Vought
that Equity Office was interested in pursuing a business
combination with



Spieker and suggested to Mr. Vought that their two
respective companies enter into a confidentiality agreement so
that they could appropriately share more detailed information
with each other.
On January 2, 2001, Spieker and Equity
Office entered into a confidentiality agreement.


On January 5, 2001, David A. Helfand, Executive Vice
President — Business Development of Equity Office,
Richard D. Kincaid, Chief Financial Officer of Equity
Office, and Shobi S. Khan, Vice President —
Business Development Investments, of Equity Office, met with
Mr. Vought and Mr. Rothstein in San Francisco where
the representatives of the two parties exchanged information
concerning their respective businesses.


On January 9, 2001, Mr. Callahan contacted
Mr. Vought to update him on the status of Equity
Office’s due diligence efforts.


On January 9, 2001, Mr. Vought met with the chief
executive officer of company B to discuss the merits of a
transaction between their two companies and the possible manner
in which a transaction might be effected.
On January 10,
2001, Mr. Foster and Mr. Vought met with the chief
executive officer of company B, together with three other
officers of company B, to discuss a possible combination of
their two companies and the various issues associated with a
combination, including the combination of their different
corporate cultures and how the combined company would be
operated.


During the remaining weeks of January and the first week of
February, Mr. Callahan and Mr. Vought and
Mr. Foster continued to have various conversations
concerning the combination of their two businesses.
On
January 25, 2001, Mr. Foster and Mr. Rothstein
met with Mr. Kincaid, Peter H. Adams, Senior Vice
President — Strategic Planning and Operations of
Equity Office, and Michael A. Steele, Executive Vice
President — Real Estate Operations and Chief Operating
Officer of Equity Office, in San Francisco to exchange
additional information on the structure of their respective
organizations and discussed the management and personnel of
their respective businesses.


On January 26, 2001, Spieker and company B entered
into a confidentiality agreement.


On February 7, 2001, Mr. Vought met with
Mr. Callahan, Mr. Kincaid and Mr. Helfand in
Chicago.
At that meeting, the representatives of Equity Office
presented a proposal to Mr. Vought concerning a merger of
Spieker with Equity Office.
On February 9, 2001,
Mr. Callahan called Mr. Vought to discuss the proposal
by Equity Office to merge with Spieker.


On February 9, 2001, at a special telephonic meeting of the
Spieker board of directors, Mr. Spieker described to the
board the proposal that Equity Office had presented to Spieker
on February 7, 2001.
In addition, Spieker management
informed the board that they viewed further discussions with
company B as not likely to result in a proposal that they would
be prepared to recommend to the board and that would be in the
best interests of Spieker and its stockholders.
After further
discussion of the Equity Office proposal and numerous questions
by the board of directors and after receiving the recommendation
of Spieker management that Spieker pursue a transaction with
Equity Office, the board authorized Spieker management to
negotiate a strategic combination of Spieker and Equity Office
and to engage investment bankers and other advisors to help
negotiate the terms of the transaction and to evaluate whether
any resulting transaction would be fair to and in the best
interests of the Spieker stockholders.


Following that special meeting of the Spieker board of
directors, during a series of conversations between
Mr. Vought and Mr. Callahan, negotiations continued
between representatives of Spieker and representatives of Equity
Office concerning, among other things, the value of the
consideration to be received by Spieker stockholders in any
transaction.
On February 12, 2001, Mr. Zell called
Mr. Spieker to discuss Equity Office’s long-term
strategy and the proposal by Equity Office to merge with
Spieker.
Early in the week of February 12, 2001,
Mr. Vought asked Mr. Callahan to present to Spieker
the best and final proposal of Equity Office by Wednesday or
Thursday of that week.


At the regularly scheduled Equity Office board of trustees
meeting held on February 13, 2001, Mr. Zell and
Mr. Callahan updated the board on the discussions with Mr.
Spieker, Mr. Foster, Mr. Vought and other
representatives of Spieker regarding a possible merger of
Spieker with Equity



Office.
At this meeting, various members of the board expressed
their support for a transaction if it could be accomplished
along the lines described at the meeting.


On February 15, 2001, the Spieker board of directors held a
special telephonic meeting at which Mr. Spieker informed
the board that as a result of further negotiations, Equity
Office had agreed to increase the consideration payable to the
Spieker stockholders to $58.50 per share, which also included a
larger cash component than the February 7, 2001 proposal.

Mr. Spieker explained that the balance of the merger
consideration would be paid in Equity Office common shares based
on a fixed exchange ratio that was based on the average closing
price of Equity Office common shares over the 10 preceding
trading days.
After further discussion of the increased
consideration and other matters relating to the merger, the
Spieker board of directors authorized Spieker management to
negotiate a merger agreement with Equity Office on these terms,
subject to Spieker’s continuing due diligence with respect
to Equity Office and subject to the board’s final review
and approval of a merger agreement and its terms and conditions.


On February 16, 2001, Spieker engaged Goldman Sachs to act
as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed
transaction, and Equity Office engaged Morgan
Stanley & Co.
Incorporated to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the proposed transaction.
During the
weeks of February 12 and February 19, each of Spieker
and Equity Office and their respective advisors conducted due
diligence with respect to each other.
On February 18, 2001,
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office,
provided to Spieker and its counsel a draft merger agreement.
On
February 19, 2001, the parties began to negotiate the terms
and conditions of the merger agreement.
Beginning on
February 20, 2001, representatives of Spieker and Equity
Office, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Sullivan & Cromwell,
counsel to Spieker, and Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. met in New
York to continue the negotiations of the merger agreement and
ancillary agreements including, among other things, voting
agreements and the tax protection arrangements described under
“— Interests of Spieker Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger and the Partnership Merger”
beginning on page 46.


On February 22, 2001, the Equity Office board held a
special meeting at which eleven of the thirteen Equity Office
trustees, members of management and representatives of Morgan
Stanley and Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. were present in
person or by conference telephone call.
The special meeting was
held in order for the Equity Office board to consider and
formally act upon the proposed merger with Spieker.
At this
meeting, Equity Office’s senior management reviewed with
the board financial and business terms of the proposed
transaction, including the need for Equity Office to finance the
cash portion of the proposed merger consideration, and the
results of Equity Office’s due diligence review.
Equity
Office’s legal counsel made a presentation to the Equity
Office board in which it explained the material terms of the
proposed merger agreement and related agreements, including
closing conditions, termination rights and provisions regarding
break-up fees and termination expenses, and briefed the board on
open items.
Morgan Stanley then presented its financial analysis
of the proposed merger, and delivered to the Equity Office board
its oral opinion that, as of the date of that opinion, the
consideration to be paid by Equity Office under the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Equity
Office.


Following these presentations, the Equity Office trustees
present at the meeting asked numerous questions of management
and its legal counsel and financial advisors and discussed at
length the issues raised by the presentations.
After discussion
by the Equity Office board of trustees concerning, among other
things, the matters described below under
“— Equity Office’s Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the Equity Office Board,” the Equity
Office board approved the merger agreement and the merger on
substantially the terms discussed at the meeting.
The Equity
Office board also authorized management to complete negotiations
of, and execute, the merger agreement, subject to final approval
of the transaction terms by a special committee of the board,
comprised of Mr. Callahan, and receipt of Morgan
Stanley’s written fairness opinion.


On February 22, 2001, at a special meeting of the Spieker
board of directors at which all Spieker directors but one were
present in person or by conference telephone call, Spieker
management reviewed with the directors the terms and conditions
of the proposed merger agreement with Equity Office, and noted
that the Equity Office board of trustees had approved the
proposed merger with Spieker in which



holders of Spieker common stock would receive $58.50 per share,
including $13.50 of cash, which represented an increase in the
cash component over the February 15, 2001 proposal.
A
representative of Sullivan & Cromwell then reviewed with the
directors the terms of the merger agreement and answered
questions from the directors regarding those terms.
A
representative of Goldman Sachs presented the Spieker board of
directors with Goldman Sachs’ financial analyses concerning
the proposed transaction.
Goldman Sachs then orally delivered
its opinion to the Spieker board of directors that, as of
February 22, 2001 and based upon and subject to the matters
set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be received by
holders of Spieker common stock pursuant to the merger agreement
was fair, from a financial point of view, to those holders.


The Spieker board of directors then engaged in a lengthy
discussion of the proposed merger and asked numerous questions
of management and representatives of Goldman Sachs and Sullivan
& Cromwell.
After further discussion by the Spieker board of
directors concerning, among other things, the fairness opinion
of Goldman Sachs, the business and operations of Equity Office
and the matters described below under
“— Spieker’s Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the Spieker Board,” the Spieker board of
directors concluded that the proposed merger was fair to and in
the best interests of Spieker and its stockholders and
authorized and approved the merger agreement and the merger.


Shortly after the conclusion of the special meeting of the
Spieker board of directors on February 22, 2001,
Mr. Callahan approved the final terms of the transaction.

Shortly after that approval, Spieker and Equity Office executed
the merger agreement.


Equity Office’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation
of the Equity Office Board

The Equity Office board of trustees has adopted and approved the
merger agreement and the merger.
The Equity Office board
believes that the terms of the merger agreement, the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the issuance of Equity Office shares to Spieker
stockholders and the amendments to the Equity Office declaration
of trust to be effected as part of the merger, are advisable and
in the best interests of Equity Office and its shareholders.

Accordingly, the Equity Office board recommends that Equity
Office common shareholders approve the merger agreement and the
merger, including the amendments to the Equity Office
declaration of trust.


Positive Factors Considered by the Equity Office Board


In making its determination with respect to the merger agreement
and the merger, the Equity Office board discussed with Equity
Office senior management, as well as its financial and legal
advisors, and considered a number of factors, including, among
others, the following material positive factors:

• 

	the opportunity presented by the merger for Equity Office to
	acquire a significant portfolio of well-located, high-quality
	office properties in key California and other West Coast office
	markets.
Spieker currently owns or has interests in
	approximately 236  class A office properties, which
	comprise approximately 25  million rentable square feet.
	
Equity Office senior management believes that this portfolio
	likely could not be replicated through acquisitions of
	individual assets;

• 

	Spieker’s class
A office portfolio will significantly
	enhance Equity Office’s existing presence in these West
	Coast office markets, including Seattle, San Francisco, San
	Jose, Orange County and Los Angeles, many submarkets of which
	have significant impediments to new office supply;

• 

	the merger, by increasing the number of office properties
	operated by Equity Office by approximately 25% based on square
	footage, will further solidify the combined company’s
	position as the largest publicly traded owner and operator of
	office properties in the United States.
After the merger, Equity
	Office will be the largest or second largest owner and operator
	of office properties in nine of the ten largest office markets
	in the United States, based on square footage;

• 

	the significant embedded rent growth in Spieker’s
	portfolio.
In the next three  years, a total of 52% of the
	leases in the Spieker portfolio are scheduled to expire and
	rental rates in effect under most of those leases are
	significantly below current rental rates;



• 

	anticipated cost savings and reductions in expenses following
	the merger;

• 

	the significant geographic overlap of Equity Office’s and
	Spieker’s office portfolios, which should enable Equity
	Office to manage Spieker’s office properties efficiently
	following the merger.
Approximately 20% of Spieker’s office
	properties are in Equity Office’s top ten markets;

• 

	the opportunity presented by the merger for Equity Office to
	expand its existing development pipeline in California and other
	West Coast markets, many of which have significant supply
	constraints;

• 

	the amount of cash payable in the merger and the exchange ratio
	applicable to the merger are fixed and will not be adjusted;

• 

	the due diligence review of Spieker and its assets conducted by
	Equity Office management and its advisors, including, among
	other things, site tours of a significant number of
	Spieker’s properties, and Equity Office management’s
	assessment of the high quality of Spieker’s assets;

• 

	historical and prospective information concerning Equity
	Office’s and Spieker’s respective businesses,
	operations and financial performance, including, among other
	things, the earnings prospects of Equity Office and its debt
	service and financial obligations, both before and after the
	merger;

• 

	the report by Equity Office management based on conversations
	with the rating agencies to the effect that the rating agencies
	had viewed the transaction favorably and confirmed that Equity
	Office’s ratings would not be reduced as a result of the
	merger; and

• 

	the opinion, analyses and presentations of Morgan Stanley
	described under “—Opinion of Morgan Stanley”
	below, including the opinion of Morgan Stanley that, as of the
	date of that opinion, and based upon and limited by the matters
	stated in that opinion, the consideration to be paid by Equity
	Office under the merger agreement is fair, from a financial
	point of view, to Equity Office.


Negative Factors Considered by the Equity Office Board

The Equity Office board of trustees also considered the
following potentially negative factors in its deliberations
concerning the merger and the merger agreement:

• 

	the resulting increase in the level of borrowings of Equity
	Office due to the need to finance the cash portion of the
	consideration payable to Spieker common stockholders in the
	merger;

• 

	the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to Equity
	Office and its shareholders may not be realized as a result of
	possible changes in the real estate market in California and
	other West Coast markets, any inability to operate the Spieker
	portfolio of industrial properties, any inability to achieve the
	anticipated cost savings and reduction in expenses and other
	potential difficulties in integrating the two companies and
	their respective operations;

• 

	the limitations on Equity Office’s ability to sell a
	substantial number of Spieker properties resulting from the tax
	protection agreements to be entered into or assumed in
	connection with the merger;

• 

	the significant cost involved in connection with completing the
	merger and the substantial management time and effort required
	to effect the merger and integrate the businesses of Equity
	Office and Spieker; and

• 

	the risk that the merger might not be completed based upon the
	failure to satisfy covenants or closing conditions.


The above discussion of the material factors considered by the
Equity Office board of trustees is not intended to be
exhaustive, but does set forth the principal positive and
negative factors considered by the Equity Office board of
trustees.
The Equity Office trustees present at the
February 22, 2001 special



meeting of the board unanimously adopted and approved the merger
agreement and the merger and recommended approval of the merger
agreement and the merger in light of the various factors
described above and other factors that each such member of the
Equity Office board of trustees felt were appropriate.
In view
of the wide variety of factors considered by the Equity Office
board in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the
complexity of these matters, the Equity Office board did not
consider it practical, and did not attempt, to quantify, rank or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it
considered in reaching its decision.
Rather, the Equity Office
board made its recommendation based on the totality of
information presented to and the investigation conducted by it.

In considering the factors discussed above, individual trustees
may have given different weights to different factors.


Opinion of Morgan Stanley

Equity Office retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with
financial advisory services and a financial fairness opinion in
connection with the merger.
The Equity Office board of trustees
selected Morgan Stanley to act as Equity Office’s financial
advisor based on Morgan Stanley’s qualifications, expertise
and reputation and its knowledge of the business and affairs of
Equity Office.
At the meeting of the Equity Office board on
February 22, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of
February 22, 2001, and subject to and based on the
considerations in its opinion, the consideration to be paid by
Equity Office pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a
financial point of view to Equity Office.


The full text of Morgan Stanley’s opinion, dated as of
February 22, 2001, which sets forth, among other things,
the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations on the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley, is
attached as 
Annex B
 to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
We urge you to read this opinion carefully
and in its entirety.
Morgan Stanley’s opinion is directed
to the board of trustees of Equity Office, addresses only the
fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration to
be paid by Equity Office pursuant to the merger agreement, and
does not address any other aspect of the merger or constitute a
recommendation to any person as to how to vote with respect to
the merger.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.


In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among
other things:

• 

	reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and
	other business and financial information of Spieker and Equity
	Office, respectively;

• 

	reviewed certain internal financial statements and other
	financial and operating data concerning Spieker and Equity
	Office, respectively;

• 

	analyzed certain financial forecasts prepared by the managements
	of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively;

• 

	reviewed information relating to certain strategic, financial
	and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared
	by the managements of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively;

• 

	discussed the past and current operations and financial
	condition and the prospects of Equity Office, including
	information relating to certain strategic, financial and
	operational benefits anticipated from the merger, with senior
	executives of Equity Office;

• 

	reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Equity
	Office’s funds from operations per share, cash flow,
	consolidated capitalization and financial ratios;

• 

	reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Spieker
	common stock and Equity Office common shares, respectively;

• 

	compared the financial performance of Spieker and Equity Office
	and the prices and trading activity of Spieker common stock and
	Equity Office common shares with that of certain other
	publicly-traded companies comparable with Spieker and Equity
	Office, respectively, and their securities;



• 

	reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available,
	of certain comparable acquisition transactions;

• 

	participated in discussions and negotiations among
	representatives of Spieker and Equity Office and their financial
	and legal advisors;

• 

	reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents; and

• 

	considered such other factors and performed such other analyses
	as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.


Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon without independent
verification the accuracy and completeness in all material
respects of the information supplied or otherwise made available
to Morgan Stanley for the purposes of this opinion.
With respect
to the internal financial forecasts, including information
relating to certain strategic, financial and operational
benefits anticipated from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed
that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the future
financial performance of Spieker and Equity Office.
In addition,
Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger would be consummated in
accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement.

Morgan Stanley did not make any independent valuation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Spieker, nor was
Morgan Stanley furnished with any such appraisals.
The opinion
of Morgan Stanley is necessarily based on financial, economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information
made available to Morgan Stanley as of, February 22, 2001.


The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion
and the preparation of its written opinion.
These summaries of
financial analyses include information presented in tabular
format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses used
by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the
text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a
complete description of the financial analyses.


Historical Share Price Performance. 

Morgan Stanley
reviewed the historical trading prices for the common stock of
Spieker from February 16, 2000 through February 16,
2001.
The table below presents the share prices based on
specified parameters during the period and presents the premium
to such prices implied by the acquisition price.
The acquisition
price was determined to be $58.50 per share for Spieker,
which is based on the $13.50 per share in cash and 1.49586
common shares of Equity Office being offered for each share of
Spieker common stock, and assuming a value of $30.083 per
share of Equity Office, which was the average closing price of
Equity Office for the ten trading days before February 16,
2001.


Metric

Period Date

Spieker Share Price

Proposal % Premium

	Price on February 16, 2001

	2/16/01

$

52.00

12.5

%

	Average Price

	Last 2 weeks

52.90

10.6

	Average Price

	Last 6  months

53.95

8.4

	Average Price

51.25

14.2

	Price on February 16, 2000

	2/16/00

40.56

44.2

	All-Time High

	9/15/00

58.88

(0.6)


Net Asset Valuation Analysis. 

Using Equity Office’s
projections of Spieker’s performance results for the year
2001 and projected asset and liability balances as of the
estimated closing date of June 30, 2001, Morgan Stanley
calculated the net asset value per share for Spieker.
In so
doing, Morgan Stanley applied a range of capitalization rates
from 8.25% to 8.75% to Equity Office’s projections of
Spieker’s 2001 net operating income for the office
properties, assuming no additional net operating income from
future acquisitions or developments, and applied a range of
capitalization rates and per square foot values to
Spieker’s projected, stabilized 2001 net operating income
and square footage, respectively, for the industrial properties.

The resulting gross real estate value was added to the gross
value of Spieker’s other assets, including developments in
progress, land, cash and marketable securities, certain other
assets and fee income (valued at a 5.0x multiple of earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), less
Spieker’s outstanding debt and certain other liabilities,
to arrive at an equity net asset value.
The equity



net asset value per share was then calculated by dividing the
equity net asset value by the number of shares of Spieker common
stock and Spieker Partnership units outstanding on a fully
diluted basis.
This analysis indicated a net asset value range
of between $55.92 and $62.78 per share.


Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
 
Morgan Stanley performed
discounted cash flow analyses, that is, analyses of the present
value, calculated as of June 30, 2001, of both the
projected unlevered free cash flows and cash flows to equity of
Spieker.


Free Cash Flow Model.
 
Morgan Stanley performed a
	discounted cash flow analysis, calculated as of June 30,
	2001, of the projected free cash flows for the period from 2001
	to 2005 of Spieker based upon projections provided by Equity
	Office.
In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed recurring capital
	expenditures that equal ten percent of net operating income and
	valued fee income at a 5.0x multiple.
Morgan Stanley
	employed discount rates reflecting an unlevered cost of capital
	ranging from 12.0% to 13.5% and terminal forward 12-month
	capitalization rates applied to 2005 net operating income
	ranging from 9.00% to 10.00%.
Based upon Equity Office’s
	projections of Spieker cash flows for the years 2001 through
	2005, the range of present values per share of Spieker common
	stock was $58.58 to $69.91.


Dividend Discount Model.
 
Morgan Stanley performed a
	discounted cash flow analysis, calculated as of June 30,
	2001, of the projected cash flows to equity for the period from
	2001 to 2005 of Spieker based upon projections provided by
	Equity Office.
For the purposes of this analysis, Morgan Stanley
	grew dividends per share by applying 90.0% of the previous
	years’ funds from operations per share growth rate to the
	previous year’s dividend per share.
Morgan Stanley employed
	discount rates reflecting an equity cost of capital ranging from
	14.5% to 16.5% and employed terminal forward 12-month funds from
	operations multiples applied to 2005 funds from operations per
	share ranging from 9.0x to 11.0x.
Based upon Equity
	Office’s projections of Spieker cash flows to equity for
	the years 2001 through 2005, the range of present values per
	share of Spieker common stock was $54.62 to $67.70.


Comparable Companies Analysis. 

Morgan Stanley compared
various publicly available information of Spieker with publicly
traded companies that share similar characteristics with
Spieker.
These companies include:

• 

	Arden Realty Inc.;

• 

	Boston Properties, Inc.;

• 

	CarrAmerica Realty Corporation;

• 

	Equity Office;

• 

	Kilroy Realty Corporation;

• 

	Mack-Cali Realty Corporation;

• 

	Reckson Associates Realty Corp.; and

• 

	SL Green Realty Corp.

Morgan Stanley arrived at a range of comparable company
multiples by (1) dividing the share prices (using closing
share prices as of February 16, 2001) by consensus 2001 and
2002 funds from operations per share and adjusted funds from
operations per share estimates from First Call and Realty Stock
Review, respectively, and (2) dividing estimated price/2001
funds from operations multiples by total returns (the sum of
existing indicated dividend yield and First Call 5-year growth
estimates).
Morgan Stanley’s calculations resulted in a
selected range of price/2001 funds from operations multiples
from 9.0x to 11.0x, a range of price/2002 funds from
operations multiples from 7.5x to 9.5x, price/2001
adjusted funds from operations multiples of
11.0x to 14.0x, price/2002 adjusted funds from
operations multiples of 10.5x to 12.5x and a range of
2001 funds from operations multiple/total return of
45% to 60%.




All multiples were applied to Equity Office’s projections
for Spieker, and maintenance capital expenditures (for the
purposes of calculating adjusted funds from operations) were
assumed to be 10% of net operating income.
Applying a 20%
control premium to a selected range of multiples, Morgan Stanley
determined an implied value per share of Spieker common stock of
$59.49 to $77.68.


Premiums Paid in Selected Precedent Transactions
Analysis.
 
Morgan Stanley used publicly available information
from several precedent transactions and analyzed the
premiums/discounts paid in these transactions over prevailing
market prices, 52-week high closing prices and net asset value
per share estimates from Green Street Advisors before the
announcement of these transactions.
Morgan Stanley selected
these transactions because they were acquisitions of large,
publicly-traded real estate investment trusts in the broader
real estate industry.


The transactions reviewed include:

• 

	the Rodamco North America NV acquisition of Urban Shopping
	Centers, Inc.;

• 

	the Equity Office acquisition of Cornerstone Properties Inc.;

• 

	the Olympus Real Estate Corporation acquisition of Walden
	Residential Properties, Inc.;

• 

	the Duke Realty Investments, Inc. acquisition of Weeks
	Corporation;

• 

	The Irvine Company acquisition of Irvine Apartment Communities;

• 

	the ProLogis Trust acquisition of Meridian Industrial Trust;

• 

	the Equity Residential Properties Trust acquisition of Merry
	Land & Investment Company;

• 

	the New Plan Realty Trust acquisition of Excel Realty Trust;

• 

	the Equity Office acquisition of Beacon Properties Corporation;
	and

• 

	the Simon Property Group, Inc. acquisition of DeBartolo Realty
	Corporation.


The table below provides the selected high and low premiums to
the unaffected price (average stock price for the
10 trading days ending 5 trading days before the
announcement of the transaction), the 52-week high closing price
and the Green Street Advisors’ net asset value per share
estimate (before the announcement of the merger) for the
precedent transactions:

Premium to

Unaffected Price

52-Week High

Green Street Net Asset Value

Low

12.0

%

(1.3

%)

5.9

%

High

37.7

%

10.6

%

25.6

%

These premiums imply a valuation range of $58.11 to $71.60 per
Spieker share, based on an unaffected share price of $52.00, a
52-week high closing price of $58.88 and Green Street
Advisors’ net asset value per share estimate of $55.21.


Securities Research Analysts’ Future Price Targets and
Net Asset Value Estimates Analysis.
 
Morgan Stanley reviewed
the net asset value per share and price target estimates for
shares of Spieker common stock as estimated by analysts from
various financial institutions in recent reports.
These
financial institutions included: Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch,
Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse First Boston and Salomon Smith
Barney.
Net asset value per share estimates ranged from $56.00
to $62.75 and target price per share estimates ranged from
$57.00 to $68.00.


Pro Forma Merger Analysis.
 
Morgan Stanley analyzed the
effect of the merger on, among other things, the estimated First
Call funds from operations per fully diluted Equity Office
common share, including EOP Partnership units, for the years
ended December 31, 2001-2005.
In doing so, Morgan Stanley
combined the projected operating results for Equity Office and
Spieker and assumed specified savings in general and
administrative expenses as well as additional costs related to
the transaction in accordance with estimates provided by the
management of Equity Office.
Morgan Stanley observed a total



projected post-merger incremental accretion of $0.02 and $0.10
to Equity Office’s First Call consensus 2001 and 2002 funds
from operations per share estimates of $3.18 and $3.51,
respectively.
The analysis assumed a transaction closing date of
June 30, 2001.
In calculating the purchase price for
Spieker common stock and Spieker Partnership units, a $30.083
share price for Equity Office common shares was assumed, which
equals Equity Office’s average closing share price for the
ten trading days prior to February 16, 2001.


Morgan Stanley also analyzed the effect of the merger on Equity
Office’s pro forma equity market capitalization, total
market capitalization and leverage ratios.
In this regard,
Morgan Stanley noted that:

• 

	the pro forma equity market capitalization for Equity Office
	would be approximately $14.2 billion, assuming a share
	price of $30.083 and assuming approximately 470.6 million
	Equity Office common shares and EOP Partnership units
	outstanding after completion of the merger, and the pro forma
	total market capitalization would be approximately
	$28.0 billion; and

• 

	Equity Office’s debt to total market capitalization ratio
	would decrease, upon completion of the merger, from 46.2% before
	the merger to 45.8% after the assumption of Spieker’s
	outstanding debt plus the incremental debt incurred for the cash
	portion of the transaction consideration and for the payment of
	the transaction costs.


In connection with the review of the merger by Equity
Office’s board of trustees, Morgan Stanley performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes of
rendering its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is
a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a
partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its
opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight
to any analysis or factor considered by it.
Morgan Stanley
believes that the summary provided and the analyses described
above must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions
of these analyses, without considering all of them, would create
an incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and
opinion.
In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various
analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and
factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions, so that the range of valuations
resulting from any particular analysis described above should
therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanley’s view of the
actual value of Spieker or Equity Office.


In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business and economic conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Equity Office or Spieker.
Any
estimates contained in Morgan Stanley’s analysis are not
necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested
by these estimates.
The analyses performed were prepared solely
as a part of Morgan Stanley’s analysis of the fairness from
a financial point of view of the consideration to be paid by
Equity Office pursuant to the merger agreement and were
conducted in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of
its opinion dated February 22, 2001 to the board of
trustees of Equity Office.
Morgan Stanley’s analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
shares of common stock of Spieker or Equity Office might
actually trade.
The consideration to be paid by Equity Office in
the merger was determined through negotiations between Equity
Office and Spieker and was approved by Equity Office’s
board of trustees.
Morgan Stanley did not recommend any specific
consideration to Equity Office or that any given consideration
constituted the only appropriate consideration for the merger.


Morgan Stanley’s opinion was one of the many factors taken
into consideration by the Equity Office board of trustees in
making its determination to approve the merger.
Morgan
Stanley’s analyses summarized above should not be viewed as
determinative of the opinion of the Equity Office board of
trustees with respect to the value of Spieker or of whether the
Equity Office board of trustees would have been willing to agree
to a different form of consideration.


Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment
banking and advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its
investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated



underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.
In the past, Morgan
Stanley and its affiliates have provided financial advisory and
financing services to Equity Office and Spieker and have
received customary fees for the rendering of these services.
In
the ordinary course of business, Morgan Stanley may from time to
time trade in the securities of or indebtedness of Equity Office
and Spieker for its own account, the accounts of investment
funds and other clients under the management of Morgan Stanley
and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at
any time hold a long or short position in these securities or
indebtedness.
Furthermore, Morgan Stanley is financial advisor
to, and affiliates of Morgan Stanley are, participants in
Constellation Real Technologies LLC, a joint venture in
which both Equity Office and Spieker are participants.


Equity Office has agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a financial
advisory fee of $9 million upon completion of the
transaction.
Equity Office has also agreed to reimburse Morgan
Stanley for its expenses incurred in performing its services and
to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if
any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against
certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities
under federal securities laws, related to or arising out of
Morgan Stanley’s engagement and any related transactions.


Spieker’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the
Spieker Board

The Spieker board of directors approved the merger and
authorized and approved the merger agreement at a meeting held
on February 22, 2001.
The Spieker board believes that the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are advisable and in the
best interests of Spieker and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the
Spieker board recommends that Spieker common stockholders vote
FOR approval of the merger agreement and the merger.


In considering the recommendation of the Spieker board with
respect to the merger, Spieker stockholders should be aware that
some members of the Spieker board as well as some Spieker
executive officers have interests in the merger and the
partnership merger that differ from, or are in addition to, the
interests of Spieker stockholders generally.
See “—
Interests of Spieker Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger and the Partnership Merger” beginning on
page 46.


In determining whether to adopt and approve the merger agreement
and the merger and to recommend approval of the merger agreement
and the merger by the Spieker stockholders, the Spieker board of
directors considered the following matters as specified by the
Spieker charter:

• 

	the economic effect, both immediate and long-term, upon
	Spieker’s stockholders;

• 

	the social and economic effect on the employees of, customers
	of, and others dealing with, Spieker and its subsidiaries and on
	the communities in which Spieker and its subsidiaries operate or
	are located;

• 

	the acceptability of the proposed merger based on the historical
	and current operating results or financial condition of Spieker;

• 

	whether a more favorable price could be obtained for
	Spieker’s stock or other securities in the future;

• 

	the reputation and business practices of Equity Office and its
	management and affiliates as they would affect the employees of
	Spieker and its subsidiaries;

• 

	the future value of the stock or any other securities of Spieker;

• 

	any antitrust or other legal and regulatory issues that are
	raised by the merger proposal; and

• 

	the business and financial condition and earnings prospects of
	Equity Office, including, but not limited to, debt service and
	other existing financial obligations, financial obligations to
	be incurred in connection with the proposed merger and other
	likely financial obligations of Equity Office.




Positive Factors Considered by the Spieker Board

In addition, in making the determination described above, the
Spieker board of directors discussed with Spieker senior
management, as well as its financial and legal advisors, and
considered a number of factors, including, among others, the
following material positive factors:

• 

	the terms of the merger agreement, including that each share of
	Spieker common stock will be converted into $13.50 in cash and
	1.49586 common shares of Equity Office, representing based on
	the implied $58.50  per share price (1) a premium of
	10% over the average closing price for Spieker common stock for
	the 10 day trading period ending February 14, 2001,
	which was the 10 day trading period over which the exchange
	ratio was determined, (2) a premium of 12% over the Spieker
	common stock price based on the closing stock price for Spieker
	on February 22, 2001 and (3) 97.6% of the 52-week high
	closing price for Spieker common stock;

• 

	management’s assessment that a merger of Spieker with
	another entity with broader geographic markets and a more
	diverse property portfolio was Spieker’s most attractive
	strategic alternative, and that a combination of Spieker and
	Equity Office would be expected to produce a combined company
	with better than average risk-adjusted returns due to, among
	other things:

— 

	the overlap of Equity Office properties in the markets where
	Spieker operates that would result in a strong concentration of
	ownership in those markets;

— 

	the fact that the combined company to result from the merger
	would be focused on the type of markets that Spieker had
	traditionally focused on — that is, markets with high
	barriers to entry due to the fact that those markets are already
	substantially built out; and

— 

	Equity Office’s strong market position in the top ten
	office real estate markets in the nation;

• 

	the belief that Equity Office’s common shares trade below
	the net asset value of its property portfolio, indicating the
	potential for future appreciation in the trading prices for
	Equity Office common shares;

• 

	the reputation and strength of Equity Office’s management
	team;

• 

	the fact that a merger with Equity Office would result in a
	larger, more diverse and more liquid stockholder base for the
	Spieker stockholders and the likelihood that the larger, more
	diverse stockholder base of the combined company would result in
	a lower cost of capital for the combined company;

• 

	the fact that two to three representatives of Spieker were to be
	elected to the Equity Office board of trustees for a period of
	time, so that Spieker stockholders’ interests will continue
	to be represented following the merger;

• 

	the due diligence review of Equity Office and its assets
	conducted by or on behalf of Spieker management by its advisors,
	including, among other things, site tours of a significant
	number of Equity Office’s properties, and Spieker
	management’s assessment of the high quality of Equity
	Office’s assets;

• 

	historical and prospective information concerning Equity
	Office’s and Spieker’s respective businesses,
	operations and financial performance, including, among other
	things, the earnings prospects of Equity Office and its debt
	service and financial obligations, both before and after the
	merger;

• 

	Spieker management’s assessment of the high quality of the
	tenant base of Equity Office, and correspondingly its low
	delinquency rate;

• 

	the financial presentation of Goldman Sachs on February 22,
	2001 and the opinion of Goldman Sachs rendered to the Spieker
	board on that date to the effect that, as of such date and based
	upon and subject to the matters set forth therein, the
	consideration to be received by the holders of



	Spieker common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
	from a financial point of view to those holders;

• 

	the social and economic effect on the employees of Spieker and
	its subsidiaries, including, among other things, (1) that
	Equity Office had been recognized in 
Fortune 
magazine as
	the most admired real estate company, (2) that Equity
	Office’s benefit plans were at least as favorable as those
	of Spieker and (3) that the merger agreement required
	Equity Office to allow Spieker employees to participate in
	Equity Office plans in the same manner as similarly situated
	Equity Office employees or, if not practicable in the
	determination of Equity Office, to allow Spieker employees to
	continue to be eligible to participate in Spieker employee
	benefit plans;

• 

	the expected benefits of the proposed merger on Spieker’s
	customers that would result from the merger as a result of
	Equity Office’s national presence;

• 

	the report by Spieker management based on conversations of
	Equity Office with the rating agencies to the effect that the
	rating agencies had viewed the transaction favorably and
	confirmed that Equity Office’s ratings would not be reduced
	as a result of the merger; and

• 

	the fact that the stock component of the consideration to
	Spieker common stockholders will generally be a tax-free
	transaction to those stockholders.


Negative Factors Considered by the Spieker Board

The Spieker board of directors also considered the following
potentially negative factors, among others, in determining
whether to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger
and to recommend approval of the merger agreement and the merger
by the Spieker stockholders:

• 

	the fact that a significant portion of the consideration to be
	received by Spieker common stockholders is based on a fixed
	exchange ratio.
As a result, a decrease in the trading price of
	Equity Office common shares before the closing of the merger
	will reduce the value of the per share and aggregate
	consideration that will be received by the Spieker stockholders;

• 

	the risk that the anticipated benefits of the merger to Spieker
	stockholders may not be realized as a result of possible changes
	in the real estate market in general, or as a result of
	potential difficulties in integrating the two companies and
	their respective operations;

• 

	the likelihood that in the short term the combined company would
	grow more slowly than First Call consensus estimates indicated
	that Spieker would on a stand-alone basis;

• 

	the effect of the public announcement of the merger on
	Spieker’s ability to retain employees and on the trading
	price of Equity Office’s common shares;

• 

	the significant cost involved in connection with completing the
	merger, the substantial management time and effort required to
	effectuate the merger and integrate the businesses of Spieker
	and Equity Office and the related disruption to Spieker’s
	operations; and

• 

	the $160 million termination fee payable by Spieker to Equity
	Office under some circumstances and the specific circumstances
	under which that fee is payable.


The above discussion of the material factors considered by the
Spieker board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but
does set forth the principal positive and negative factors
considered by the Spieker board of directors.
The Spieker
directors present at the February 22, 2001 special meeting
of the board unanimously approved the merger and recommended
approval of the merger in light of the various factors described
above and other factors that each such member of the Spieker
board of directors felt were appropriate.
In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by the Spieker board in connection
with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these
matters, the Spieker board did not consider it practical, and
did not attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its
decision.
Rather, the Spieker board made its recommendation
based on the



totality of information presented to and the investigation
conducted by it.
In considering the factors discussed above,
individual directors may have given different weights to
different factors.


Opinion of Goldman Sachs

On February 22, 2001, Goldman, Sachs & Co. delivered an
oral opinion to the board of directors of Spieker, subsequently
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated as of
February 22, 2001, that, as of that date and subject to the
matters and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the
consideration, consisting of $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity
Office common shares per share of Spieker common stock, to be
received in connection with the merger was fair from a financial
point of view to the holders of shares of Spieker common stock.


The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated
as of February 22, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on
the review undertaken by Goldman Sachs in connection with the
opinion, is attached as 
Annex C
 and is incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus.
Spieker
stockholders are urged to, and should read, the opinion in its
entirety.


In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among
other things:

• 

	the merger agreement;

• 

	annual reports to shareholders and annual reports on
	Form 10-K of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively, for
	the three years ended December  31, 1999;

• 

	a draft of the audited financial statements for Spieker for the
	year ended December 31, 2000;

• 

	various interim reports to shareholders and quarterly reports on
	Form 10-Q of Spieker and Equity Office, respectively;

• 

	various other communications from Spieker and Equity Office to
	their respective shareholders; and

• 

	various internal financial analyses and forecasts for Spieker
	and Equity Office prepared by their respective managements,
	including various cost savings and operating synergies projected
	by the managements of Spieker and Equity Office to result from
	the merger.


Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior
managements of Spieker and Equity Office regarding their
assessment of the strategic rationale for, and the potential
benefits of, the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and the past and current business operations,
financial condition and future prospects of Spieker and Equity
Office.
In addition, Goldman Sachs:

• 

	reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the common
	stock of Spieker and the Equity Office common shares;

• 

	compared financial and stock market information for Spieker and
	Equity Office with similar information for the securities of
	other publicly traded companies;

• 

	reviewed the financial terms of recent business combinations in
	the real estate industry specifically, and in other industries
	generally; and

• 

	performed other studies and analyses that Goldman Sachs
	considered appropriate.


Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all
of the financial and other information that was discussed with
or reviewed by it.
Goldman Sachs assumed the accuracy and
completeness of this information for purposes of rendering its
opinion.
Goldman Sachs did not make an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets and liabilities of Spieker or Equity
Office or any of their subsidiaries and was not furnished with
an evaluation or appraisal of any of these assets or
liabilities.
With the consent of the Spieker board of directors,
Goldman Sachs took into account the views of Spieker’s
management regarding the risks and uncertainties relating to
Spieker’s ability to achieve the forecasts prepared by
Spieker’s management in the amounts and time periods
contemplated by those forecasts.




Goldman Sachs was not requested to solicit, and did not solicit,
interest from other parties with respect to an acquisition of,
or other business combination with, Spieker.
Goldman Sachs
provided its advisory services and opinion for the information
and assistance of the board of directors of Spieker in
connection with its consideration of the merger. 

Goldman
Sachs’ opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to
how any holder of common stock of Spieker should vote with
respect to the merger.


In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs noted that
pursuant to the merger agreement, Spieker Partnership, an
affiliate of Spieker, will be merged with and into EOP
Partnership, an affiliate of Equity Office, and each partnership
unit of Spieker Partnership, other than preferred partnership
interests, will be exchanged for 1.94462 partnership units of
EOP Partnership.
Goldman Sachs also noted that, pursuant to the
partnership agreement of Spieker Partnership, holders of
partnership units of Spieker Partnership, other than preferred
partnership interests, have the right, exercisable prior to the
completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, to convert their partnership units into shares of
Spieker common stock and thereby receive the consideration
provided for in the merger for shares of Spieker common stock.

In rendering its opinion, Goldman Sachs did not opine on the
consideration to be received by holders of partnership units of
Spieker Partnership in the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement or the differential treatment afforded to the
holders of those partnership units in comparison to the
consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Spieker
common stock in the merger.


The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
utilized by Goldman Sachs and furnished to the Spieker board of
directors in connection with the rendering of the Goldman Sachs
opinion.
This summary does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs.
The
order of the analyses described, and the results of those
analyses, do not represent the relative importance or weight
given to the analyses by Goldman Sachs.


The following summaries of financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format.
You should read these
tables together with the text of each summary.


Analysis of Consideration.
 
Goldman Sachs reviewed the
consideration to be received by holders of shares of Spieker
common stock in the merger.
This consideration consists of
(1) $13.50 in cash and (2) 1.49586 common shares of
Equity Office per share of Spieker common stock.
Based on the
average closing price of Equity Office common shares on the NYSE
over the 10 trading days ended February 15, 2001,
Goldman Sachs noted that the consideration in connection with
the merger would be equivalent to $58.50 per share.
Goldman
Sachs also noted that, based on the closing price of Equity
Office common shares on the NYSE on February 21, 2001, two
days prior to announcement of the merger, the consideration in
connection with the merger would be equivalent to $57.73 per
share.


Accretion/ Dilution Summary.
 
Goldman Sachs analyzed the
financial impact of the merger on the funds from operations of
Equity Office common shares.
These analyses were based on
consensus estimates of the Institutional Brokers Estimate
System, or IBES, for Spieker and Equity Office.
For each of the
years 2001 and 2002, Goldman Sachs analyzed the estimated funds
from operations per share of Spieker common stock and Equity
Office common shares, interest expense and the projected
synergies to result from the merger to calculate the estimated
accretion/ dilution on Equity Office’s common shares.

Assuming the completion of the merger by June 30, 2001 and
assuming synergies of $10 million in 2001 and $25 million
in 2002, Goldman Sachs’ analysis indicated the merger would
be dilutive by $0.06 per share in 2001 and add $0.02 per share
in 2002.
Goldman Sachs also performed the same analysis using
internal projections prepared by Spieker management for Spieker,
which resulted in less dilution in 2001 and more accretion in
2002.


Comparison of Office Real Estate Companies.
 
Using Spieker
management projections and IBES consensus estimates, Goldman
Sachs reviewed and compared selected financial information and
multiples



for Spieker to corresponding financial information and multiples
for the following office real estate companies:

	•

	Boston Properties, Inc.;

	•

	Vornado Realty Trust;

	•

	SL Green Realty Corp.;

	•

	Equity Office;

	•

	CarrAmerica Realty Corporation;

	•

	Kilroy Realty Corporation;

	•

	TrizecHahn Corporation;

	•

	Reckson Associates Realty Corp.;

	•

	Arden Realty Inc.; and

	•

	Mack-Cali Realty Corporation.


Goldman Sachs calculated the funds from operations multiples and
other financial information for Spieker at (1) the implied
transaction price, based on the closing price for shares of
Spieker common stock on the NYSE on February 21, 2001 and
the exchange ratio, (2) the implied transaction price,
based on the closing price for shares of Spieker common stock on
the NYSE on February 21, 2001 and the exchange ratio and an
adjustment to funds from operations to include the effect of
straight-lined rents, and (3) the current market price,
based on the closing price for shares of Spieker common stock on
the NYSE on February 21, 2001.
The multiples and other
financial information calculated by Goldman Sachs are based on
the closing prices on February 21, 2001 for shares of
Spieker and the selected companies’ common stock and the
most recent publicly available information for Spieker and the
selected companies.
The funds from operations and five year
growth estimates for Spieker and the selected companies were
based on IBES estimates.
The five-year growth estimates for
Spieker were based on IBES estimates.
Goldman Sachs’
analysis of the selected companies compared the following to the
results for Spieker:

• 

	the February 21, 2001 closing share price as a percentage
	of the 52-week high share price;

• 

	total market capitalization;

• 

	net debt as a percentage of total market capitalization;

• 

	the 2001 and 2002 estimated funds from operations multiples;

• 

	the estimated funds from operations growth rate for 2001 to 2002;

• 

	five-year estimated growth rate; and

• 

	the multiple of the 2002 estimated funds from operations
	multiple to the five-year growth rate.


The results of these analyses with respect to Spieker are
summarized as follows:

Transaction

Transaction

price-

Current

price

adjusted

market price

	February 21, 2001 closing share price as a percentage of the
	52-week high share price

97.6

%

97.6

%

89.0

%

	Common equity market capitalization (in millions)

$

4,377.7

$

4,377.7

$

3,990.8

	Net debt (in millions)

$

2,041.8

$

2,041.8

$

2,041.8

	Preferred equity market capitalization (in millions)

$

431.3

$

431.3

$

431.3

	Total market capitalization (in millions)

$

6,850.9

$

6,850.9

$

6,463.9

	Net debt as a percentage of total market capitalization

29.8

%

29.8

%

31.6

%

	Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2001

11.5

x

11.0

x

10.5

x

	Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2002

10.0

x

9.6

x

9.1

x

	Estimated funds from operations growth rate for 2001 to 2002

15.8

%

15.1

%

15.8

%

	Five-year estimated growth rate

13.0

%

13.0

%

13.0

%

	Multiple of the 2002 estimated funds from operations multiple to
	the five-year growth rate

0.8

x

0.7

x

0.7

x



Goldman Sachs also performed the same analyses using projections
prepared by Spieker management for Spieker, which yielded lower
funds from operations multiples and higher growth rates.


The results of these analyses with respect to the selected
office real estate companies are as follows:

Selected Office Real Estate Companies

High

Median

Mean

Low

	February 21, 2001 closing share price as a percentage of
	the 52-week high share price

93.0

%

88.5

%

89.0

%

85.1

%

	Total market capitalization (in millions)

$

19,684.4

$

3,551.7

$

5,751.9

$

1,314.4

	Net debt as a percentage of total market capitalization

60.9

%

40.7

%

41.5

%

31.8

%

	Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2001

11.1

x

8.9

x

8.9

x

7.3

x

	Estimated funds from operations multiples for 2002

9.5

x

8.1

x

8.1

x

6.8

x

	Estimated funds from operations growth rate for 2001 to 2002

16.7

%

9.9

%

10.3

%

6.8

%

	Five-year estimated growth rate

15.0

%

9.8

%

10.1

%

7.5

%

	Multiple of the 2002 estimated funds from operations multiple to
	the five-year growth rate

0.9

x

0.8

x

0.8

x

0.5

x

Net Asset Value Analyses.
 
Using information provided by
Spieker management, Goldman Sachs calculated the net asset
value, or NAV, per share for Spieker common stock by subtracting
debt and other liabilities from gross assets.
Goldman Sachs
calculated gross assets by applying capitalization rates ranging
from 8.25% to 9.00% to Spieker’s annualized net operating
income of $584.9 million.
Spieker’s annualized net
operating income was based on cash net operating income for its
stabilized properties for the fourth quarter of 2000.
In
calculating Spieker’s cash net operating income, Goldman
Sachs did not utilize straight-lined accounting methodologies.

Goldman Sachs added the value of Spieker’s other assets to
Spieker’s gross assets.
These other assets included
developments in progress, valued at 110% of book value to
account for developer’s profit, land held for development,
valued at book value, and management fees, valued, by
Spieker’s management, at a multiple of 5.0x earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA.
This
analysis indicated Spieker’s NAV per share as follows:

NAV per share

of Spieker

Capitalization rate

common stock

	8.25%

$

60.30

	8.50%

$

57.64

	8.75%

$

55.12

	9.00%

$

52.75

Based on publicly disclosed information, Goldman Sachs also
calculated the NAV per Equity Office common share by subtracting
debt and other liabilities from gross assets.
Goldman Sachs
calculated gross assets by applying capitalization rates ranging
from 8.50% to 9.00% to Equity Office’s annualized net
operating income of $1,629.7 million.
Equity Office’s
annualized net operating income was based on net operating
income for its stabilized properties for the fourth quarter of
2000.
In calculating Equity Office’s net operating income,
Goldman Sachs did not utilize straight-lined accounting
methodologies.
Goldman Sachs added the value of Equity
Office’s other assets to Equity Office’s gross assets.

These other assets included developments in progress, valued at
110% of book value to account for developer’s profit, land
held for development, valued at book value, management fees,
valued, by Equity Office’s management, at



a multiple of 5.0x EBITDA, and investments in unconsolidated
subsidiaries, valued using the equity method.
This analysis
indicated Equity Office’s NAV per share as follows:

NAV per

Equity Office

Capitalization rate

common share

	8.50%

$

32.40

	8.75%

$

30.90

	9.00%

$

29.43

Exchange Ratio Analysis.
 
Goldman Sachs reviewed the
exchange ratio history for various periods ending
February 21, 2001.
Goldman Sachs calculated the implied
historical exchange ratios of shares of Spieker common stock to
Equity Office common shares for the average and high of the
periods set forth below and for February 21, 2001 as
follows:

Implied Exchange

Period

Ratio

	February 21, 2001

1.78

x

	Three months average for the period ended February 21, 2001

1.68

x

	Six months average for the period ended February 21, 2001

1.76

x

	One year average for the period ended February 21, 2001

1.74

x

	One year high for the period ended February 21, 2001

1.90

x

	Three year high for the period ended February 21, 2001

1.90

x

Goldman Sachs also noted that, based on the average closing
price of Equity Office common shares on the NYSE over the 10
trading days ended February 15, 2001 and hypothetically
converting the cash consideration payable in the merger into
Equity Office common shares at that average value, the exchange
ratio for an all-stock merger would be 1.94462.


Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
 
Goldman Sachs performed a
discounted cash flow analysis by calculating the present value
of estimated annual dividends for Spieker for 2001 through 2005
based upon Spieker’s management projections.
Goldman Sachs
calculated the terminal values based on funds from operations
multiples ranging from 7.0x to 9.0x applied to the projected
2006 funds from operations per share.
Goldman Sachs discounted
the dividends and the terminal values to present value based on
discount rates ranging from 12.0% to 15.0%.
The results of this
analysis were as follows:

Equity discount rate

Terminal funds from

operations multiple

12.0%

13.0%

14.0%

15.0%

	7.0x

$

54.03

$

51.96

$

50.00

$

48.14

	7.5x

$

56.65

$

54.48

$

52.41

$

50.44

	8.0x

$

59.28

$

56.99

$

54.81

$

52.74

	8.5x

$

61.90

$

59.50

$

57.21

$

55.04

	9.0x

$

64.53

$

62.01

$

59.61

$

57.34



Selected Public REIT Mergers.
 
Goldman Sachs analyzed
information relating to the following eight comparable
transactions in the real estate investment trust industry since
1997:

Acquirer

Target

	Equity Office Properties Trust

	Cornerstone Properties Inc.

	Duke Realty Investments, Inc.

	Weeks Corporation

	ProLogis Trust

	Meridian Industrial Trust, Inc.

	Equity Residential Properties Trust

	Merry Land & Investment Company, Inc.

	Equity Office Properties Trust

	Beacon Properties Corporation

	Rodamco North America

	Urban Shopping Centers Inc.

	Olympus Real Estate Fund II, L.P.

	Walden Residential Properties, Inc.

	Berkshire Realty Holdings, L.P.

	Berkshire Realty Company, Inc.

Goldman Sachs compared the following information relating to the
selected transactions to the proposed merger:

• 

	the premium of the implied offer price to the target stock price
	on the day prior to announcement of the particular transaction;

• 

	the target’s funds from operations multiple (based on the
	closing price of the target’s shares on the day prior to
	announcement of the particular transaction and IBES funds from
	operations estimates for the forward year);

• 

	the acquirer’s funds from operations (based on the closing
	price of the acquirer’s shares on the day prior to
	announcement of the particular transaction and IBES funds from
	operations estimates for the forward year);

• 

	the transaction funds from operations multiple (based on the
	implied offer price and IBES funds from operations estimates for
	the forward year); and

• 

	the transaction funds from operations multiple as a percentage
	of the acquirer’s funds from operations.


The results of this analysis were as follows:

Selected REIT Mergers

Proposed

High

Median

Mean

Low

merger

	Premium of implied offer price to target stock price on day
	prior to announcement

39.4

%

22.2

%

21.8

%

11.5

%

10.4

%

	Target’s funds from operations multiple

12.1

x

8.9

x

9.2

x

7.1

x

10.4

x

	Acquirer’s funds from operations multiple

16.8

x

10.5

x

11.4

x

9.2

x

9.3

x

	Transaction funds from operations multiple

15.6

x

10.9

x

11.2

x

8.7

x

11.5

x

	Transaction funds from operations multiple as a percentage of
	acquirer’s funds from operations multiple

116.8

%

98.4

%

102.0

%

92.7

%

124.1

%


The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and
is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.
Selecting portions of the analyses or of the
summary set forth above, without considering the analyses as a
whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs’ opinion.
In arriving at its
fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of
all these analyses and did not attribute any particular weight
to any factor or analysis considered by it; rather, Goldman
Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its
experience and professional judgment after considering the
results of all of these analyses.
No company or transaction used
in the above analyses is directly comparable to Spieker or
Equity Office or the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.


Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses solely for purposes of
providing an opinion to the Spieker board of directors.
The
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect
the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be
sold.
Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not



necessarily indicative of actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by
these analyses.
Because these analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond
the control of the parties or their respective advisors, none of
Spieker, Equity Office, Goldman Sachs or any other person
assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those forecast.
As described above, the financial
analyses presented by Goldman Sachs to the Spieker board of
directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by
the Spieker board of directors in making its determination to
approve the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.


Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other
purposes.
Goldman Sachs is familiar with Spieker having provided
investment banking services to Spieker from time to time, for
which it received customary compensation, including having acted
as:

• 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $150 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.75% notes due January 15,
	2008 of Spieker Partnership, an affiliate of Spieker, in January
	1998;

• 

	lead-managing underwriter of a private placement of four million
	series D cumulative redeemable preferred units of Spieker
	Partnership in June 1998;

• 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 7.25% notes due May 1, 2009
	of Spieker Partnership in May 1999;

• 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.80% notes due May 1, 2004
	of Spieker Partnership in May 1999;

• 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 7.65% notes due December 15,
	2010 of Spieker Partnership in December 2000; and

• 

	its financial advisor in connection with the merger agreement.


Goldman Sachs also has provided investment banking services to
Equity Office from time to time, for which it received customary
compensation, including having acted as:

• 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $300 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.763% notes due 2007 of EOP
	Partnership in June  1998;

• 

	lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of 4,765,423
	common shares of Equity Office in October 1998;

• 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $500 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.8% notes due January 15,
	2009 of EOP Partnership in January 1999;

• 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $300 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.5% notes due January 15,
	2004 of EOP Partnership in January 1999;

• 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $200 million
	aggregate principal amount of 6.375% notes due January 15,
	2002 of EOP Partnership in January 1999;

• 

	co-managing underwriter of a public offering of $500 million
	aggregate principal amount of 8.375% notes due March 15,
	2006 of EOP Partnership in March 2000; and

• 

	co-lead-managing underwriter of a public offering of $400
	million aggregate principal amount of 7 3/8% notes due 2003
	of EOP Partnership in November 2000.


Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial advisory and
securities services and, in the course of its normal trading
activities, may from time to time effect transactions and hold
positions in securities, including derivative securities, of
Spieker or Equity Office for its own account and for the
accounts of customers.
As of February 22, 2001, Goldman
Sachs held a net long position of 2,661,085 Equity Office



common shares.
Goldman Sachs may provide investment banking
services to Equity Office and its subsidiaries in the future.


Pursuant to a letter agreement dated February 16, 2001,
Spieker engaged Goldman Sachs to render general financial
advisory services in connection with the sale of all or a
portion of Spieker to Equity Office.
Under the terms of this
letter agreement, Spieker has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a fee
of at least $6 million payable upon the closing of the
transaction.
Spieker also has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorneys’ fees, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs against
various liabilities, including liabilities under the federal
securities laws.


Trustees and Executive Officers of Equity Office
After the
Merger

Following the merger, the 13 current trustees of Equity
Office will remain as trustees of the combined entity.
In
addition, three current directors of Spieker,
Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought will become trustees of
the combined entity.
Mr. Spieker’s term will expire in
2004, Mr. Vought’s in 2003 and Mr. Foster’s
in 2002.


Following the merger, the current executive officers of Equity
Office will remain as executive officers of Equity Office.
No
current executive officers of Spieker will become executive
officers of Equity Office following the merger.


Interests of Spieker Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger and the Partnership Merger


In considering the recommendation of the Spieker board with
respect to the merger, Spieker stockholders should be aware
that, as described below, some Spieker directors and executive
officers have interests in the merger and the partnership merger
that differ from, or are in addition to, the interests of
Spieker stockholders generally.


Trustees of Equity Office After the Merger. 

Following the
merger, the 13 current trustees of Equity Office will
remain as trustees of the combined entity.
In addition,
Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought will become trustees of
the combined entity.
See “— Trustees and
Executive Officers of Equity Office After the Merger” on
page 46.


Indemnification and Insurance.
 
The merger agreement
provides that Equity Office and EOP will provide exculpation and
indemnification for each person who has been at any time on or
before February 22, 2001, or who becomes before the
completion of the merger, a director or officer of Spieker or
any Spieker subsidiary which is the same as the exculpation and
indemnification provided by Spieker and Spieker Partnership as
of the date of the merger agreement.
In addition, Equity Office
and EOP Partnership will indemnify and hold harmless those
persons against any losses, claims, liabilities, expenses,
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement arising out of
the fact that the person is or was an officer, employee or
director of Spieker or any of Spieker’s subsidiaries or out
of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Further, Equity Office has agreed to purchase directors’
and officers’ liability insurance coverage for the benefit
of those individuals currently covered by Spieker’s
insurance for a period of six years following the merger.
For a
more complete discussion of these provisions of the merger
agreement, see “The Merger Agreement —
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’
Insurance” beginning on page 70.


Equity-Based Awards. 

Unvested options to purchase an
aggregate of 1,371,535 shares of Spieker common stock at an
average exercise price of $38.40 per share previously awarded to
Spieker directors and executive officers will vest in connection
with the merger pursuant to the plans under which they were
issued and in any event no later than the day before the merger
closes.
All Spieker stock options will be converted in the
merger into options to purchase Equity Office common shares
under the terms of the merger agreement.
Under the merger
agreement, holders of Spieker stock options will be entitled to
tender their Equity Office options that they will receive in the
merger to EOP Partnership for a cash payment equal to the
excess, if any, of $58.50 per share over the exercise price of
the Spieker options multiplied by the number of their Spieker
options converted in the merger, which acquisition and payment
will be made



within three business days of the closing of the merger.
Options
to purchase Equity Office common shares that are not tendered to
EOP Partnership as described above would remain outstanding
under their terms.


The following table sets forth the unvested Spieker stock
options held by Spieker directors and executive officers the
vesting of which will accelerate in connection with the merger.


Average Exercise

Total

Price of

Unvested Spieker

Outstanding Spieker

Outstanding Spieker

Name

Stock Options

Stock Options

Stock Options

	Warren E. Spieker, Jr.

144,000

722,500

$29.73

	John K. French

103,000

432,000

$31.04

	Dennis E. Singleton

62,000

342,500

$28.20

	Richard J. Bertero

10,000

23,500

$37.08

	Harold M. Messmer, Jr.

10,000

10,000

$42.19

	David M. Petrone

10,000

14,000

$40.85

	William S. Thompson, Jr.

10,000

23,500

$37.04

	John A. Foster

170,400

354,500

$34.31

	Craig G. Vought

193,000

542,500

$32.68

	Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

90,400

132,200

$38.99

	Peter H. Schnugg

99,535

193,552

$35.67

	Stuart A. Rothstein

69,000

120,000

$37.07

	James C. Eddy

89,200

203,500

$32.80

	All other executive officers as a group (4  persons)

311,000

538,500

$36.10

Under agreements entered into with Equity Office, eleven Spieker
directors and executive officers holding a total of 3,417,752
stock options with an average exercise price of $32.41 per share
have agreed to tender their options to EOP Partnership.
These
executive officers are: Messrs. Spieker, French, Singleton,
Foster, Vought, Russell, Davenport and Schnugg and three other
executive officers.


In addition, 206,223 unvested shares of Spieker restricted stock
previously awarded to Spieker directors and executive officers
will vest on the day immediately before the date on which the
Spieker common stockholders approve the merger.
The following
table sets forth the unvested shares of restricted stock
previously awarded to directors and executive officers.


Name

Unvested Restricted Stock

	Warren E. Spieker, Jr.

33,589

	John K. French

16,362

	Dennis E. Singleton

12,138

	John A. Foster

29,591

	Craig G. Vought

28,384

	Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

19,937

	Peter H. Schnugg

9,272

	Stuart A. Rothstein

8,103

	James C. Eddy

3,896

	All other executive officers as a group (3 persons)

44,951



Special Severance Policy. 

Spieker has a special severance
policy applicable to executive officers, which provides for
severance compensation under specified circumstances in the
event of a change in control.
A change in control occurs for
purposes of the Spieker special severance policy when:

• 

	any person becomes the owner of 20% or more of Spieker’s
	voting securities;

• 

	individuals who constitute the Spieker board on the effective
	date of the Spieker special severance policy and any new
	directors whose election or nomination for election was approved
	by a vote of at least three quarters of the directors then in
	office who either were directors at the beginning of that period
	or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
	approved, cease to constitute a majority; or

• 

	the Spieker stockholders approve a merger, consolidation, share
	exchange or similar transaction in which Spieker’s voting
	securities do not continue to represent at least 60% of the
	total voting power of the surviving entity.


In the event of termination of employment by Spieker without
cause, or by the executive officer for good reason, within two
years following a change in control, Spieker or its successor
will make a lump sum payment of the following amount, which we
refer to in this description as the base amount:

• 

	three times, in the case of Messrs. Spieker, Vought,
	Foster, French, Singleton and Rothstein and one other Spieker
	executive officer, and two times, in the case of
	Messrs. Russell, Schnugg and Eddy and all other eligible
	executive officers, the sum of (a) the executive
	officer’s highest annual rate of base salary during the
	12 months immediately preceding termination, (b) the
	average of the annual bonus earned by the executive officer
	during the two completed fiscal years before termination, and
	(c) the average fair market value of the shares of Spieker
	restricted common stock granted to the executive officer during
	the two completed fiscal years before the change in control; and

• 

	the pro rata portion of the annual bonus for the fiscal year in
	which termination occurred, calculated on the basis of the
	target bonus and on the assumption that all performance goals
	were achieved at target level.


An executive officer is considered terminated for cause if he or
she willfully and continually fails to substantially perform his
or her duties after a written demand for substantial performance
is delivered, or if he or she willingly engages in illegal
conduct or misconduct which is materially and demonstrably
injurious to Spieker.


Good reason will exist for purposes of the special severance
policy if any of the following events occur without the
executive officer’s consent:

• 

	reduction in his or her base salary;

• 

	required relocation of his or her principal place of employment
	by more than 20  miles;

• 

	substantial adverse change in his or her duties or
	responsibilities; or

• 

	failure to continue any employee benefit plan, compensation
	plan, welfare plan or material fringe benefit plan, or reduction
	in any benefit under any such plan unless the executive officer
	is permitted to participate in other plans providing
	substantially equivalent benefits in the aggregate.


If any payments made to an executive officer by Spieker under
the Spieker special severance policy or otherwise would result
in an excise tax imposed by section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the executive officer will receive a tax
reimbursement payment that would put the executive officer in
the same financial position after-tax that he would have been in
if the excise tax did not apply to such amounts.
However, if
reducing the payments to be made under the special severance
policy by 10% or less



would avoid triggering the excise tax, the payments will be
reduced by the amount necessary to avoid triggering the excise
tax rather than making the tax reimbursement payment.


Equity Office has acknowledged that the merger will be a change
in control for purposes of the Spieker special severance policy
and that severance payments will be made as provided by the
Spieker special severance policy to any participant who becomes
entitled to these payments because of a termination of
employment occurring on or after the effective date of the
merger, unless the termination is for cause or is a voluntary
resignation without good reason under the terms of the Spieker
special severance policy.
No executive officer eligible for the
benefits of the Spieker special severance policy will become an
executive officer of Equity Office following the merger.


Under the special severance policy, Mr. Spieker will be
eligible to receive an estimated cash payment of approximately
$4.5 million as his base amount.
In the event
Mr. Spieker is entitled to tax reimbursement as described
above, this amount could be as much as $3.0 million.

Mr. Foster will be eligible to receive an estimated cash
payment of approximately $5.0 million as his base amount.

In the event Mr. Foster is entitled to tax reimbursement as
described above, this amount could be as much as
$3.1 million.
Mr. Vought will be eligible to receive
an estimated cash payment of approximately $5.0 million as
his base amount.
In the event Mr. Vought is entitled to tax
reimbursement as described above, this amount could be as much
as $3.1 million.
The four other most highly compensated
Spieker executive officers, Messrs. Russell, Schnugg, Rothstein
and Eddy, will be eligible to receive estimated cash payments of
approximately $2.5 million, $2.0 million,
$2.8 million and $1.6 million, respectively, as their
base amounts.
If these four other most highly compensated
Spieker executive officers were entitled to tax reimbursements
as described above, these amounts could be as much as
$1.3 million, $950,000, $1.6 million and $875,000,
respectively.
In addition, four other Spieker executive officers
will be eligible to receive cash payments in the aggregate of
approximately $6.0 million as their base amounts.
If these
four other Spieker executive officers were entitled to tax
reimbursements as described above, this aggregate amount could
be as much as $2.8 million.
Messrs. French and Singleton
also will be eligible to receive cash payments of approximately
$1.8 million and $1.1 million, respectively, as their
base amounts.
Based on Mr. French’s estimated base
amount, it is unlikely that he would be entitled to a tax
reimbursement amount.
If Mr. Singleton was entitled to tax
reimbursement as described above, this amount could be as much
as $700,000.
The calculation of the estimated cash payments
under the special severance policy assumes that Equity
Office’s obligations under the policy are triggered
immediately upon the closing of the merger and that the merger
will close on June 30, 2001.
The amounts shown include
estimated 2001 bonuses through the closing date.
Neither Spieker
nor Equity Office has yet determined that any tax reimbursement
payments would be required.


In addition, under the special severance policy the executive
officer and his or her eligible dependents will continue to be
eligible to participate in the medical, dental, disability and
life insurance plans and arrangements applicable to him or her
immediately before his or her termination of employment, on
substantially the same terms and conditions in effect
immediately before the termination.
If such participation is
prohibited, equivalent coverage will be purchased for the
executive officer and his or her eligible dependents with no
greater after-tax cost to the executive officer than he or she
paid for coverage prior to being terminated.
Coverage will
continue for three years from the date of termination in the
case of Messrs. Spieker, Foster, Vought, French, Singleton
and Rothstein and one other Spieker executive officer and for
two years from the date of termination in the case of
Messrs. Russell, Schnugg and Eddy and all other eligible
executive officers.


Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership.
 
Under the
merger agreement, EOP Partnership has agreed, for the benefit of
17 named individuals, not to sell, exchange or otherwise
dispose of, except in tax-free or tax-deferred transactions,
93 specified Spieker Partnership properties or any of EOP
Partnership’s interest in Spieker Partnership.
These
restrictions, which benefit Messrs. Spieker, Foster,
Vought, French, Singleton, Schnugg and Eddy and one other
Spieker executive officer, among others, last for at least
10 years and, depending on whether the unitholder enters
into, and complies with the terms of, an agreement not to sell
specified percentages of their Equity Office common shares and
EOP Partnership units during the initial 10 year
restriction period, up to 20 years after closing of the
partnership merger.
In addition, EOP Partnership has agreed for
tax purposes to make available to these same named unitholders



the opportunity to guarantee specified debt of Spieker
Partnership or EOP Partnership for the same period and has made
specified other undertakings.
These provisions are intended to
ensure that these unitholders, who originally contributed
properties to Spieker Partnership in exchange for Spieker
Partnership units, will be able to continue to defer the
otherwise substantial gain that would be recognized by them for
tax purposes as EOP Partnership unitholders upon a sale of any
one or more of the specified 93 Spieker properties or of EOP
Partnership’s interest in Spieker Partnership.
See
“The Merger Agreement — Tax Related Undertakings
of EOP Partnership” beginning on page 73.


Loan Forgiveness. 

On April 20, 2000,
Mr. Rothstein, Spieker’s Chief Financial Officer,
borrowed $400,000 from Spieker for the purpose of buying a
personal residence.
One-half of the loan principal is interest
bearing, and the other half is non-interest bearing.
The terms
of the loan provide that one-fifth of the non-interest bearing
portion of the loan will be forgiven each year, as long as
Mr. Rothstein continues to be employed by Spieker.
The
terms of the loan also provide that upon a change in control of
Spieker, the outstanding principal balance of $360,000 and all
accrued interest on the loan will be forgiven.
The merger will
constitute a change in control of Spieker for this purpose.


Acquisition of Spieker Northwest. 

In connection with the
merger, an affiliate of Equity Office will purchase 100% of the
voting capital stock of Spieker Northwest, Inc., a noncontrolled
third-party service subsidiary of Spieker, for an aggregate of
$202,500 in cash from the holders of that voting stock, who
include Messrs. Spieker, French and Singleton.


Broadband Restricted Stock Agreements. 

Spieker has
entered into restricted stock agreements with its executive
officers, among others, pursuant to which those executive
officers have been awarded shares of common stock of Broadband
Office, Inc.
In connection with the merger, the restrictions
with respect to those shares will lapse.


The following table sets forth the unvested Broadband Office,
Inc. restricted shares held by Spieker directors and executive
officers, the vesting of which will be accelerated in connection
with the merger.
The value of the unvested restricted shares at
the time of the awards was approximately $122,400 in the
aggregate.


Unvested

Name

Shares

	Warren E. Spieker, Jr. 

104,000

	John K. French

56,000

	Dennis E. Singleton

16,000

	John A. Foster

104,000

	Craig G. Vought

232,000

	Joseph D. Russell, Jr. 

56,000

	Peter H. Schnugg

32,000

	Stuart A. Rothstein

40,000

	James C. Eddy

32,000

	All other executive officers as a group (4 persons)

144,000

The Partnership Merger

In the partnership merger, EOP Partnership will acquire all
outstanding interests in Spieker Partnership, other than the
interests represented by the series D preferred units of
Spieker Partnership, through the merger of a newly formed
limited liability company subsidiary of EOP Partnership with and
into Spieker Partnership.
Spieker Partnership will be the
surviving entity in the partnership merger.




Holders of Spieker Partnership units, other than Spieker
Partnership preferred units, including Spieker, will receive,
for each Spieker Partnership unit issued and outstanding
immediately before the partnership merger 1.94462 EOP
Partnership class A units, with fractional units rounded to the
whole number that is nearest to the number of EOP Partnership
class A units that otherwise would be paid to a holder of
Spieker Partnership units.
The Spieker Partnership preferred
interests and units will be exchanged as follows:

• 

	the series B cumulative redeemable preferred interest in
	Spieker Partnership will be exchanged for 4,250,000 EOP
	Partnership series E preferred units;

• 

	the series C cumulative redeemable preferred interest in
	Spieker Partnership will be exchanged for 6,000,000 EOP
	Partnership series F preferred units;

• 

	each series D preferred unit of limited partnership
	interest in Spieker Partnership will remain issued and
	outstanding as a series D preferred unit of limited
	partnership of Spieker Partnership, but instead of being
	exchangeable for shares of Spieker series D preferred
	stock, the Spieker series D preferred units will become
	exchangeable for Equity Office series G preferred shares;
	and

• 

	the series E cumulative redeemable preferred interest in
	Spieker Partnership will be exchanged for 4,000,000 EOP
	Partnership series H preferred units.


In connection with the partnership merger, EOP Partnership and
Equity Office will file a registration statement on
Form S-4 to register the class A units of EOP Partnership
to be issued to Spieker Partnership unitholders and the Equity
Office common shares issuable, at the election of Equity Office,
upon the redemption of those units.
That registration statement
will contain a consent solicitation/information
statement/prospectus soliciting the approval of Spieker
Partnership unitholders to the principal terms of the merger
agreement and the partnership merger.


The merger will be completed as soon as practicable following
the partnership merger.


The merger agreement also provides that the former Spieker
Partnership unitholders, other than Spieker and its
subsidiaries, will have the right, beginning immediately after
the partnership merger, to redeem the EOP Partnership
class A units issued to them in the partnership merger in
accordance with the terms and limitations of the partnership
agreement of EOP Partnership.
Upon redemption of these units,
these unitholders would receive Equity Office common shares on a
one-for-one basis or their cash equivalent, at the election of
Equity Office.


Merger Financing

Equity Office intends to finance the estimated
$1.085 billion in merger costs, including the approximately
$900 million cash portion of the consideration payable to
Spieker common stockholders by using a combination of available
borrowing capacity under its existing $1.0 billion credit
facility, a new bridge facility entered into before the closing
of the merger and/or through the issuance by EOP Partnership of
senior unsecured notes.


Regulatory Approvals

No material federal or state regulatory requirements must be
complied with or approvals must be obtained by Equity Office,
EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership in connection
with either the merger or the partnership merger.


Accounting Treatment

Equity Office will treat the merger as a purchase for financial
accounting purposes.
This means that Equity Office will record
the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their
estimated fair values at the time the merger is completed.




Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

The Equity Office common and preferred shares to be issued to
Spieker stockholders in the merger will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares issued to any person
who may be deemed to be an “affiliate” of Spieker
within the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or
who will become an “affiliate” of Equity Office within
the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act after the
merger.
Equity Office common shares received by persons who are
deemed to be Spieker affiliates or who become Equity Office
affiliates may be resold by these persons only in transactions
permitted by the limited resale provisions of Rule 145 or
as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
Persons who may
be deemed to be affiliates of Spieker generally include
individuals or entities that, directly or indirectly through one
or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by or are under
common control with Spieker and may include officers, directors
and principal stockholders of Spieker.
All Spieker stockholders
who may be deemed to be affiliates of Spieker will be so advised
before the completion of the merger.


Under the merger agreement, Spieker will use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain an affiliate agreement from each
affiliate of Spieker before the completion of the merger by
which each Spieker affiliate will agree not to sell, transfer,
pledge or otherwise dispose of any of the Equity Office common
shares, Equity Office preferred shares, EOP Partnership units
and EOP Partnership preferred units received in the merger in
violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Securities Act.
Generally, this will
require that all sales be made as provided by Rule 145
under the Securities Act, which in turn requires that, for
specified periods, sales be made in compliance with the volume
limitations, manner of sale provisions and current information
requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act.


Equity Office has the right to place legends on the certificates
evidencing Equity Office common or preferred shares issued to
Spieker affiliates in the merger summarizing the foregoing
restrictions until a sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition
of the Equity Office common shares represented by these
certificates has been registered under the Securities Act or is
made in compliance with Rule 145 under the Securities Act.


Persons who are not affiliates of Spieker generally may sell
their Equity Office common or preferred shares without
restrictions.


No Dissenters’ Rights

Spieker and Equity Office are organized under Maryland law.

Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, because shares of
Spieker common stock and series B, C and E preferred stock
were listed on a national securities exchange on the record date
for the Spieker special meeting, Spieker common and
series B, C and E preferred stockholders have no rights to
dissent and receive the appraised value of their shares in the
merger.
The Spieker series A preferred stock was called for
redemption and will be redeemed or converted into Spieker common
stock on or before April 16, 2001.
No shares of Spieker
series D preferred stock were outstanding on the record
date for the Spieker special meeting.
Following the merger,
Equity Office shareholders will continue to own their Equity
Office shares and, accordingly, will have no rights to an
appraisal of their shares under Maryland law.


Spieker Litigation

On March 8, 2001, a purported class action complaint was
filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County
of San Mateo, by an alleged Spieker stockholder.
This complaint
names as defendants Spieker and each member of its board of
directors and principally alleges that the directors breached
duties assertedly owed to Spieker’s stockholders in
connection with entering into the merger agreement.
The
plaintiffs in the lawsuit seek an injunction (1) against
the defendants’ agreement to the termination fee provisions
of the merger agreement and (2) requiring an unspecified
“fair and objective process to sell the company.”

Spieker believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit.




THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material terms of the
merger agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the merger agreement, which is attached at the back of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex A
.
You should
read the merger agreement because it is the legal document that
governs the merger.


Closing; Effective Time of the Merger

The completion of the merger will occur no later than the third
business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
under the merger agreement or at another date or time as may be
agreed in writing by Equity Office and Spieker.
If the merger
agreement and the merger are approved at the special meetings,
Equity Office and Spieker currently expect to complete the
merger promptly following receipt of shareholder approval.


As soon as practicable after all conditions to the completion of
the merger and the partnership merger are satisfied, and after
the filing of articles of merger for the partnership merger,
Equity Office and Spieker will execute and file articles of
merger with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of
Maryland relating to the merger.
The effective time of the
merger will be the time specified in the articles of merger.


Merger Consideration

In the merger:

• 

	holders of Spieker common stock will receive, for each share of
	Spieker common stock issued and outstanding immediately before
	the merger, $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity Office common
	shares;

• 

	holders of Spieker series B preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series B preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series E preferred share;

• 

	holders of Spieker series C preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series C preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series F preferred share;

• 

	holders of Spieker series D preferred stock, if any, will
	receive, for each share of Spieker series D preferred stock
	issued and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity
	Office series G preferred share; and

• 

	holders of Spieker series E preferred stock will receive,
	for each share of Spieker series E preferred stock issued
	and outstanding immediately before the merger, one Equity Office
	series H preferred share.


The Equity Office series E, F, G and H preferred
shares issued in the merger will have preferences, conversion
and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption
identical to those of the shares of the corresponding series of
Spieker preferred stock.


Each outstanding share of Spieker series A preferred stock,
which is convertible into approximately 1.219512 shares of
Spieker common stock, with cash paid instead of fractional
shares, has been called for redemption by Spieker.
The
redemption date is April 16, 2001.
It is anticipated that
the holders of the Spieker series A preferred stock will
convert their Spieker series A preferred stock into Spieker
common stock before the date fixed for redemption.
No Spieker
series A preferred stock will be outstanding or entitled to
vote at the special meeting of Spieker stockholders.




Holders of Spieker common stock will not receive certificates or
scrip representing fractional Equity Office common shares.

Instead, each holder of Spieker common stock otherwise entitled
to a fractional share interest in Equity Office will be paid an
amount in cash, without interest, rounded to the nearest cent,
determined by multiplying:

• 

	the average closing price of an Equity Office common share on
	the NYSE on the five trading days immediately preceding the
	closing date of the merger by

• 

	the fraction of an Equity Office common share which such holder
	of Spieker common stock would otherwise be entitled to receive.


Except as otherwise agreed, the merger will be completed on the
closing date of the partnership merger with at least one hour
between the partnership merger and the merger.
Upon conversion
of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock and preferred
stock into the merger consideration, the Spieker common stock
and preferred stock will be cancelled and retired and will cease
to exist.


Because the exchange ratio is fixed at 1.49586 for the portion
of the aggregate merger consideration that is payable in Equity
Office common shares, the market value of any Equity Office
common shares you will receive in the merger may differ from the
market value of the Equity Office common shares if the merger
occurred today.
On
          ,
2001, the most recent date practicable for obtaining pricing
information for Equity Office common shares prior to mailing
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price of
Equity Office common shares was
$     per share, which, based on the
1.49586 exchange ratio and the $13.50 cash amount per share,
would equal a market value equivalent per share of Spieker
common stock of
$          had
the merger been completed on that date, as adjusted to give
effect to the portion of the aggregate merger consideration
payable in cash and to the portion of the aggregate merger
consideration payable in Equity Office common shares.


Surrender of Spieker Stock Certificates

Equity Office has appointed EquiServe L.P. to act as
exchange agent for the purpose of paying the merger
consideration.
Equity Office will make available to the exchange
agent, on or before the effective time of the merger, the cash
and securities certificates for that purpose.


Equity Office will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the exchange agent within five days after the closing of the
merger to send to each holder of Spieker common or preferred
stock, a letter of transmittal for use in the exchange and
instructions explaining how to surrender certificates to the
exchange agent.
Holders of Spieker common or preferred stock
whose shares are converted into the right to receive the merger
consideration and who surrender their certificates to the
exchange agent, together with a properly completed and signed
letter of transmittal, as the case may be, will receive the
merger consideration.


Holders of unexchanged shares of Spieker common or preferred
stock will not be entitled to receive any dividends, interest
payments or other distributions payable by Equity Office on the
Equity Office common or preferred shares until surrender of
their common or preferred stock.
Upon surrender, those holders
will receive accumulated dividends and distributions, without
interest, payable on Equity Office common or preferred shares,
as applicable, after and in respect of a record date following
the closing of the merger, together with cash instead of
fractional shares.


Treatment of Spieker Stock Options

Each Spieker stock option outstanding under Spieker’s
Amended and Restated 1993 Directors’ Stock Option Plan and
Spieker’s Amended and Restated 1993 Stock Incentive Plan,
whether or not then vested or exercisable, will become fully
vested in connection with the merger pursuant to the plan under
which it was issued and in any event no later than the day
before the merger closes.
Each outstanding Spieker stock option
will be automatically converted upon the completion of the
merger into an option to purchase Equity Office common shares.

The substituted Equity Office option will permit its holder to
purchase a number of Equity Office common shares equal to the
number of shares of Spieker common stock that



could have been purchased, under the corresponding Spieker stock
option, multiplied by 1.94462 (rounded down to the nearest whole
number of shares).
The exercise price per Equity Office common
share of the substituted option will be equal to the per-share
option exercise price specified in the Spieker stock option
divided by 1.94462 (rounded up to the nearest whole cent).
Each
substituted option will otherwise be subject to the same terms
and conditions as the corresponding Spieker stock option.


All Spieker stock options will be converted in the merger into
options to purchase Equity Office common shares under the terms
of the merger agreement.
Under the merger agreement, EOP
Partnership will offer to purchase all Spieker stock options
converted into Equity Office options for an amount in cash equal
to:

• 

	the excess, if any, of $58.50 over the exercise price of the
	Spieker stock option; multiplied by

• 

	the number of shares of Spieker common stock subject to that
	Spieker stock option.


Options to purchase Equity Office common that are not tendered
to EOP Partnership as described above would remain outstanding
under their terms.
Under voting agreements entered into with
Equity Office, directors and executive officers of Spieker
holding a total of 3,417,752 Spieker stock options with an
average exercise price of $32.41 per share have agreed to
tender their options to EOP Partnership.


Severance and Bonus Payments

Equity Office will make severance payments under the Spieker
special severance policy to any participant who becomes entitled
to payments under the policy because of a termination of
employment occurring on or after the closing of the merger,
unless the participant is terminated for cause or resigns
voluntarily with good reason, as further described in the
special severance policy.
See “The Merger —
Interests of Spieker Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger and the Partnership Merger” beginning on
page 46.
Equity Office also will pay development bonuses to
specified Spieker employees, if earned, and will assume
Spieker’s obligations to pay annual bonuses to employees
not covered by the special severance policy and these bonuses
will be payable to such employees who are terminated by Equity
Office, unless terminated for inadequate performance, before
January 1, 2002.
These bonuses will be payable to the
extent accrued for the year 2001 through the date of termination
and will be calculated based on actual bonuses paid in 2000,
assuming such bonuses reflected a full year of employment.


Representations and Warranties of Equity Office and
Spieker

The merger agreement contains customary representations and
warranties by each of Spieker, Spieker Partnership, Equity
Office and EOP Partnership relating to, among other things:

• 

	due organization and good standing;

• 

	capital structure;

• 

	authorization to enter into the merger agreement and to
	consummate the merger or the partnership merger, as applicable;

• 

	enforceability of the merger agreement;

• 

	no breach of organizational documents or material agreements as
	a result of the merger agreement or the consummation of the
	merger or the partnership merger, as applicable;

• 

	required governmental and third-party consents;

• 

	compliance with SEC reporting requirements;

• 

	no material undisclosed liabilities;

• 

	no changes since December 31, 1999 that would have a
	material adverse effect;

• 

	no material legal proceedings;

• 

	real property;

• 

	environmental matters;



• 

	tax matters, including qualification as a REIT;

• 

	finders’ fees;

• 

	compliance with laws;

• 

	contracts and debt instruments;

• 

	receipt of opinion of financial advisor;

• 

	exemption from anti-takeover statutes;

• 

	inapplicability of the Investment Company Act of 1940; and

• 

	required stockholder and partner approvals.


In addition to the representations and warranties made by both
Equity Office and Spieker, the merger agreement contains
additional representations and warranties made by each of
Spieker and Spieker Partnership relating to, among other things:

• 

	related party transactions;

• 

	employee benefits and labor matters;

• 

	payments to employees, officers and directors as a result of the
	mergers or a termination of service after the mergers; and

• 

	inapplicability of stockholder rights plan to the mergers.


Conduct of Business of Equity Office and EOP Partnership
Pending the Merger

Until the completion of the merger, each of Equity Office and
EOP Partnership has agreed that, unless permitted by obtaining
Spieker’s prior written consent or except as contemplated
by the merger agreement, it will, and will cause its
subsidiaries to, among other things:

• 

	preserve intact its business organizations and goodwill;

• 

	use commercially reasonable efforts to keep available the
	services of its officers and employees;

• 

	confer on a regular basis with Spieker to report material
	operational matters that would reasonably be expected to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Equity Office
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

• 

	promptly notify Spieker of the occurrence or existence of any
	change or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have
	a material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Equity Office
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

• 

	promptly deliver to Spieker true and correct copies of any
	report, statement, schedule or other document filed with the SEC;

• 

	maintain its books and records in accordance with generally
	accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and not
	change any of its methods, principles or practices of accounting
	in any material manner, except as required by the SEC,
	applicable law or generally accepted accounting principles; and

• 

	duly and timely file all reports, tax returns and other
	documents required to be filed with federal, state, local and
	other authorities, subject to extensions permitted by law,
	provided the extensions do not adversely affect Equity
	Office’s status as a qualified REIT under the Internal
	Revenue Code.


In addition, pending the merger, each of Equity Office and EOP
Partnership has agreed that, without Spieker’s prior
written consent or except as otherwise expressly contemplated by
the merger agreement, it will not, and will cause its
subsidiaries not to, among other things:

• 

	make or rescind any express or deemed election relating to taxes
	unless required by law or necessary to qualify or preserve
	Equity Office’s status as a REIT or the status of any
	subsidiary of Equity Office as a partnership for federal income
	tax purposes, as a qualified REIT subsidiary, or as a taxable
	REIT subsidiary as defined under the Internal Revenue Code, as
	the case may be;



• 

	amend its organizational documents, except in specified
	instances, including (a) the proposed amendments to Equity
	Office’s declaration of trust described in this joint proxy
	statement/prospectus and (b)  the proposed amendments to
	the partnership agreement of Spieker Partnership in connection
	with the partnership merger;

• 

	authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend, other than
	regular quarterly dividends, or regular distributions under the
	partnership agreement of EOP Partnership, or redemptions of EOP
	Partnership units under the partnership agreement of EOP
	Partnership where solely Equity Office common shares are used,
	or redemptions of Equity Office common shares under its
	declaration of trust to maintain REIT status;

• 

	enter into or agree to effect

 — 

	any merger, acquisition, consolidation, reorganization or other
	business combination with any third party in which Equity Office
	is not the surviving party to the transaction or

 — 

	any merger, acquisition, exchange offer or other business
	combination with a third party in which Equity Office is the
	surviving party that would result in the issuance of equity
	securities representing in excess of 25% of the outstanding
	Equity Office common shares on the date any business combination
	is entered into or agreed to;

unless, in either case,

 — 

	the business combination is approved by Spieker, which approval
	will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, or

 — 

	the business combination agreement provides that the required
	vote of Equity Office shareholders for approval of the business
	combination is no less than the affirmative vote of holders of
	Equity Office common shares representing more than 50% of the
	sum of the number of Equity Office common shares outstanding at
	the time of the approval plus 50,000,000; or

• 

	authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any
	of the foregoing prohibited actions, or enter into any contract,
	agreement, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing
	prohibited actions.


Conduct of Business of Spieker and Spieker Partnership
Pending the Merger

Until the completion of the merger, each of Spieker and Spieker
Partnership has agreed that, unless permitted by obtaining
Equity Office’s prior written consent or except as
contemplated by the merger agreement, it will, and will cause
its subsidiaries to, among other things:

• 

	conduct its business, and cause its subsidiaries to conduct
	their businesses, only in the ordinary course and in a manner
	which is substantially consistent with past practice;

• 

	use commercially reasonable effects to preserve intact its
	business organizations and goodwill;

• 

	use commercially reasonable efforts, provided it does not
	require additional compensation, to keep available the services
	of its officers and employees;

• 

	confer on a regular basis with Equity Office to report material
	operational matters and, except in specified instances, any
	proposals to engage in material transactions;

• 

	promptly notify Equity Office of the occurrence or existence of
	any circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Spieker and its
	subsidiaries taken as a whole;

• 

	promptly deliver to Equity Office true and correct copies of any
	report, statement, schedule or other document filed with the SEC;

• 

	maintain its books and records in accordance with generally
	accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and not
	change any of its methods, principles or practices of accounting
	in any



        material manner, except as required by the SEC, applicable law
        or generally accepted accounting principles;

• 

        duly and timely file all reports, tax returns and other
        documents required to be filed with federal, state, local and
        other authorities, subject to extensions permitted by law,
        provided that Spieker notifies Equity Office of any extensions
        and provided that the extensions do not adversely affect
        Spieker’s status as a qualified REIT under the Internal
        Revenue Code; and

• 

        maintain in full force and effect insurance coverage
        substantially similar to insurance coverage maintained on the
        date of the merger agreement.


In addition, pending the merger, each of Spieker and Spieker
Partnership has agreed that, without Equity Office’s prior
written consent or except as contemplated by the merger
agreement, it will not, and will cause its subsidiaries not to,
among other things:

• 

        make or rescind any express or deemed election relating to taxes
        unless required by law or necessary to qualify or preserve
        Spieker’s status as a REIT or the status of any subsidiary
        of Spieker as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, as
        a qualified REIT subsidiary or as a taxable REIT subsidiary as
        defined under the Internal Revenue Code, as the case may be;

• 

        acquire, enter into any option to acquire, or exercise an option
        or other right or election or enter into any commitment for the
        acquisition of any real property or, except as permitted in a
        property capital budget approved in writing by Equity Office,
        other transaction, other than specified transactions, involving
        in excess of $100,000, encumber assets, commence construction of
        or enter into any commitment to develop or construct real estate
        projects, except in the ordinary course of its office property
        business, including leasing activities permitted by Equity
        Office approved guidelines;

• 

        incur or enter into any commitment to incur additional debt,
        except for working capital under its revolving
 line(s) of credit
        and commitments for debt for specified purposes and not in
        excess of specified amounts;

• 

        modify, amend or terminate, or enter into any commitment to
        modify, amend or terminate, any debt in existence on the date of
        the merger agreement;

• 

        amend its organizational documents;

• 

        classify or re-classify any unissued shares of stock;

• 

        make any change in the number of shares of capital stock,
        membership interests or units of limited partnership interest
        issued and outstanding, except in specified instances;

• 

        grant options or any other rights or commitments relating to its
        shares of capital stock, membership interests or units of
        limited partnership interest, or any security convertible into
        its shares of capital stock, membership interests or units of
        limited partnership interest, or any security the value of which
        is measured by shares of beneficial interest, or any security
        subordinated to the claim of its general creditors;

• 

        amend or waive any rights under any options or other stock
        rights;

• 

        authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make any
        other distribution or payment with respect to the Spieker common
        or preferred stock or the common or preferred units of limited
        partnership interest in Spieker Partnership, other than regular
        quarterly dividends, or regular distributions under the
        partnership agreement of Spieker Partnership, or redemptions of
        Spieker Partnership units under the partnership agreement of
        Spieker Partnership where solely Spieker common stock is used,
        or as necessary to maintain REIT status;

• 

        directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or acquire any shares of
        capital stock, membership interests or units of partnership
        interest or any option, warrant or right to acquire, or security
        convertible into, shares of capital stock, membership interests
        or units of partnership interest of Spieker or any



	Spieker subsidiary, other than redemptions of Spieker
	Partnership units under the partnership agreement of Spieker
	Partnership where solely Spieker common stock is used and the
	use of Spieker common stock in connection with equity-based
	employee benefit plans or as necessary to maintain REIT status;

• 

	sell, lease, mortgage, subject to lien or otherwise dispose of
	any real property, except in specified instances;

• 

	sell, lease, mortgage, subject to lien or otherwise dispose of
	any personal property or intangible property, except in the
	ordinary course of business and as is not material, individually
	or in the aggregate;

• 

	make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
	investments in, any other person, except in specified instances;

• 

	enter into any new, or amend or supplement any existing,
	contract, lease or other agreement with Spieker Northwest, Inc.;

• 

	pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations
	whether absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
	otherwise, except in specified instances;

• 

	guarantee the debt of another person, enter into any “keep
	well” or other agreement to maintain any financial
	statement condition of another person or enter into any
	arrangement having the same economic effect;

• 

	enter into any commitment with any officer, director or
	affiliate of Spieker, any of its subsidiaries or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc., or any material commitment with any consultant;

• 

	increase any compensation or enter into or amend any employment,
	severance or other arrangement with any of its officers,
	directors or employees earning more than $50,000 per year, other
	than as required by any contract or plan or as provided by
	waivers by employees of benefits under these agreements;

• 

	adopt any new employee benefit plan or amend any existing plans
	or rights;

• 

	settle any stockholder derivative or class action claims arising
	out of or in connection with any of the transactions
	contemplated by the merger agreement;

• 

	change the ownership of any of its subsidiaries or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc., except in specified instances;

• 

	accept a promissory note in payment of the exercise price
	payable under any option to purchase shares of Spieker common
	stock;

• 

	enter into any oral or written “tax protection
	agreement” that:

 — 

	prohibits or restricts in any manner the disposition of any
	assets of Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary, including Spieker
	Northwest, Inc.;

 — 

	requires that Spieker, any Spieker subsidiary or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc. maintain, or put in place, or replace, debt,
	whether or not secured by one or more of Spieker’s
	properties;

 — 

	requires that Spieker, any Spieker subsidiary or Spieker
	Northwest, Inc. offer to any person at any time the opportunity
	to guarantee or otherwise assume, directly or indirectly,
	including through a “deficit restoration obligation”
	guarantee, indemnification agreement or other similar
	arrangement, the risk of loss for federal income tax purposes
	for debt or other liabilities of Spieker, any Spieker subsidiary
	or Spieker Northwest, Inc.;

 — 

	specifies or relates to a method of taking into account book-tax
	disparities under section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue
	Code with respect to one or more assets of Spieker or a Spieker
	subsidiary; or



 — 

	requires a particular method for allocating one or more
	liabilities of Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary under
	section 752 of the Internal Revenue Code;

• 

	settle or compromise any material federal, state, local or
	foreign tax liability; or

• 

	authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any
	of the foregoing prohibited actions, or enter into any contract,
	agreement, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing
	prohibited actions.

 
Pre-Merger Dividends and Distributions

Regular Dividends

Under the merger agreement, Spieker is permitted to continue to
pay regular quarterly dividends on its common stock of $0.70 per
share.
On March 7, 2001, Spieker declared a dividend of
$0.70 per share payable on April 20, 2001 to holders of
record of its common stock on March 30, 2001.
Spieker does
not plan to declare and pay any further regular quarterly
dividends if the merger closes before June 30, 2001.
If the
merger closes after June 30, 2001, Spieker currently
intends to continue to pay regular quarterly dividends for any
additional quarterly periods ending before the closing of the
merger.


The merger agreement contemplates that Spieker will have
presented to Equity Office, by March 24, 2001, a financial
plan showing the expected management of its operations in a
manner that will avoid the need to pay a final pre-merger
dividend, as described below.
The Spieker financial plan will
include projected required quarterly dividends per share of
Spieker common stock necessary to ensure that no final
pre-merger dividend will be required to be paid with respect to
the Spieker common stock, which quarterly dividends will be not
less than $0.70 per share of Spieker common stock or result in a
“return of capital” per share of Spieker common stock
that exceeds one percent of the projected dividends per share.


Upon the approval of the plan by Equity Office, not to be
unreasonably withheld, Spieker will be entitled to increase the
quarterly dividend per share of Spieker common stock to the
amount shown in the plan.
If Spieker increases any quarterly
dividend per share of Spieker common stock to an amount greater
than $0.70 per share, Equity Office will be entitled to declare
a special dividend per Equity Office common share in an amount
per Equity Office common share equal to the aggregate amount of
quarterly dividends per share of Spieker common stock declared
or paid by Spieker in excess of $0.70 per share per quarter,
divided by 1.94462.
If Equity Office declares this dividend, EOP
Partnership will simultaneously declare a distribution to the
holders of common units of limited partnership interest in EOP
Partnership in an amount per unit equal to the dividend per
share to be paid to the holders of Equity Office common shares.

This Equity Office dividend and EOP Partnership distribution
will be paid on the last business day before the closing of the
merger.


Because Spieker will not pay any additional quarterly dividend
if the merger closes before June 30, 2001, the dividend
provisions described in the preceding two paragraphs would not
be operative unless the merger closes after June 30, 2001.


Final Dividend


In addition to regular quarterly distributions, as described
above, the merger agreement provides that Spieker will declare a
final dividend to holders of shares of Spieker common stock, and
each series of Spieker preferred stock, if and to the extent
required by the terms of the preferred stock, in an amount equal
to the minimum amount necessary for Spieker to satisfy the REIT
distribution requirements under section 857(a)(1) of the
Internal Revenue Code and to avoid the payment of corporate
level tax with respect to any undistributed income or gain for
Spieker’s short taxable year ending at the time of the
merger.
Section 857(a)(1) requires a REIT to distribute to
its stockholders each taxable year an amount equal to 90% of its
“REIT taxable income.”
In addition, a REIT is required
to pay tax on any income or gain that it does not distribute to
its shareholders, even if it satisfies the 90% distribution
requirement.


If Spieker pays a pre-merger dividend to satisfy the
distribution requirements described above, Equity Office will be
entitled to declare a dividend to holders of Equity Office
common shares in an amount per



share equal to the amount per share of the pre-merger dividend
paid by Spieker to holders of Spieker common stock, divided by
1.94462.


If Spieker and Equity Office declare pre-merger dividends as
described above, the Spieker dividend will be paid on the last
business day before the closing of the merger.
The record date
for the Equity Office dividend will also be on the last business
day before the closing of the merger.


If Spieker declares a pre-merger dividend as described above,
Spieker Partnership will simultaneously declare a distribution
to the holders of common units of limited partnership interest
in Spieker Partnership in an amount per unit equal to the
dividend per share to be paid to the holders of Spieker common
stock, together with any distributions required to be paid to
holders of preferred units of limited partnership interest in
Spieker Partnership because of any of the dividends described
above.
If Equity Office declares a pre-merger dividend as
described above, EOP Partnership will simultaneously declare a
distribution to the holders of common units of limited
partnership interest in EOP Partnership in an amount per unit
equal to the dividend per share to be paid to the holders of
Equity Office common shares.
If the terms of any Equity Office
preferred shares or EOP Partnership preferred units of limited
partnership interest require the payment of a dividend because
of the corresponding dividends to holders of Equity Office
common shares or EOP Partnership common units of limited
partnership interests, Equity Office and EOP Partnership will
declare the required dividends and distributions.

 
Conditions to the Merger and the Partnership Merger

Conditions to Each
Party’s Obligations to Effect the Merger and the
Partnership Merger


The obligations of Spieker, Spieker Partnership, Equity Office
and EOP Partnership to complete the merger and the partnership
merger are subject to the satisfaction or, where permissible,
waiver of the following conditions:

• 

	the approval of the merger and the partnership merger, as
	applicable, and the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of
	the holders of:

 — 

	at least a majority of the outstanding Equity Office common
	shares;

 — 

	at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common
	stock;

 — 

	that percentage of limited partner interests and classes of
	those interests in Spieker Partnership, including partner
	interests held by Spieker, as provided by the partnership
	agreement of Spieker Partnership and California law; and

 — 

	at least a majority of all class A units of limited
	partnership interest in EOP Partnership, including class A
	units of limited partnership interest held by Equity Office;

• 

	the waiting period, if any, under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
	Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 will have expired or been
	terminated;

• 

	the NYSE will have approved for listing the Equity Office common
	shares, the Equity Office series E preferred shares, the
	Equity Office series  F preferred shares and the Equity
	Office series H preferred shares to be issued in the
	merger, the Equity Office common shares reserved for issuance
	upon redemption of the EOP Partnership class  A units to be
	issued in the partnership merger, and the Equity Office
	series G preferred shares reserved for issuance upon
	conversion of the Spieker Partnership series D preferred
	units, subject to official notice of issuance, before the
	closing of the merger;

• 

	the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy
	statement/ prospectus forms a part will have become effective
	and will not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings by
	the SEC seeking a stop order;

• 

	the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the
	partnership merger of which the consent solicitation/information
	statement/ prospectus forms a part will have become effective
	and will not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings by
	the SEC seeking a stop order;



• 

	no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
	injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
	jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing
	the completion of the mergers or any of the other transactions
	contemplated by the merger agreement will be in effect; and

• 

	Equity Office and EOP Partnership will have received all state
	securities or “blue sky” permits and other
	authorizations necessary to issue the Equity Office common
	shares issuable in the merger and the EOP Partnership units
	issuable in the partnership merger.


Conditions to the
Obligations of Equity Office and EOP Partnership to Effect the
Merger and the 

      Partnership Merger

The obligations of Equity Office and EOP Partnership to complete
the mergers are subject to the satisfaction or, where
permissible, waiver of the following conditions:

• 

	each of the representations and warranties of Spieker and
	Spieker Partnership contained in the merger agreement,
	disregarding exceptions for no “material adverse
	effect,” will be true and correct as of the date of the
	merger agreement and as of the closing of the merger:

 — 

	except to the extent that these representations and warranties
	are expressly limited by their terms to another date, in which
	case these representations and warranties will be true and
	correct as of that other date; and

 — 

	except where the failure of these representations and warranties
	to be true and correct would not, individually or in the
	aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Spieker material
	adverse effect, as described below;

• 

	Spieker and Spieker Partnership will have performed in all
	material respects all obligations required to be performed by
	them under the merger agreement at or before the completion of
	the merger;

• 

	since February 22, 2001, there will have been no Spieker
	material adverse effect, as described below;

• 

	Equity Office will have received a certificate of an officer of
	Spieker certifying to each of the above;

• 

	Equity Office will have received an opinion, dated as of the
	closing date of the merger:

 — 

	from counsel to Spieker relating to the REIT status of Spieker
	and the partnership status of Spieker Partnership;

 — 

	from counsel to Equity Office relating to the REIT status of
	Equity Office;

 — 

	from counsel to Equity Office relating to the federal income tax
	treatment of the merger; and

 — 

	from counsel to Spieker relating to the inapplicability of
	specified “roll-up” rules to the partnership merger;

• 

	all of the voting shares of Spieker Northwest, Inc. will
	have been transferred to an Equity Office subsidiary designated
	by Equity Office; and

• 

	each of Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought will have
	entered into a nonsolicitation agreement with Equity Office.


As used in the merger agreement, a “Spieker material
adverse effect” means any circumstance, event, occurrence,
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
properties, assets (tangible or



intangible), financial condition or results of operations of
Spieker, Spieker Partnership and the Spieker subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, except, in each case, as a result of:

• 

	changes in general economic conditions nationally or regionally;

• 

	changes affecting the real estate industry generally which do
	not affect Spieker or Spieker Partnership, as the case may be,
	materially disproportionately relative to other participants in
	the real estate industry similarly situated; or

• 

	in and of itself and without the occurrence of any other Spieker
	material adverse effect, changes in the trading prices of
	Spieker common stock or any series of Spieker preferred stock.


Conditions to the
Obligations of Spieker and Spieker Partnership to Effect the
Merger and the 

      Partnership Merger


The obligations of Spieker and Spieker Partnership to complete
the merger and the partnership merger are subject to the
satisfaction or, where permissible, waiver of the following
conditions:

• 

	each of the representations and warranties of Equity Office and
	EOP Partnership contained in the merger agreement, disregarding
	exceptions for no “material adverse effect,” will be
	true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as
	of the closing of the merger:

 — 

	except to the extent that these representations and warranties
	are expressly limited by their terms to another date, in which
	case these representations and warranties will be true and
	correct as of that other date; and

 — 

	except where the failure of these representations and warranties
	to be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have
	an Equity Office material adverse effect, as described below;

• 

	Equity Office and EOP Partnership will have performed in all
	material respects all obligations required to be performed by
	them under the merger agreement at or before the completion of
	the merger;

• 

	since February 22, 2001, there will have been no Equity
	Office material adverse effect, as described below;

• 

	Spieker will have received a certificate of an officer of Equity
	Office certifying to each of the foregoing; and

• 

	Spieker will have received an opinion, dated as of the closing
	date of the merger:

 — 

	from counsel to Equity Office relating to the REIT status of
	Equity Office and the partnership status of EOP Partnership; and

 — 

	from counsel to Spieker relating to the federal income tax
	treatment of the merger.


As used in the merger agreement, an “Equity Office material
adverse effect” means any circumstance, event, occurrence,
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
properties, assets (tangible or intangible), financial condition
or results of operations of Equity Office, EOP Partnership and
the Equity Office subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except, in
each case, as a result of:

• 

	changes in general economic conditions nationally or regionally;

• 

	changes affecting the real estate industry generally which do
	not affect Equity Office or EOP Partnership, as the case may be,
	materially disproportionately relative to other participants in
	the real estate industry similarly situated; or

• 

	in and of itself and without the occurrence of any other Equity
	Office material adverse effect, changes in the trading prices of
	Equity Office common shares or any series of Equity Office
	preferred shares.




No Solicitation by Spieker

Spieker has agreed, for itself and for Spieker Partnership, that
neither Spieker nor any Spieker subsidiary will, or will permit
any officer, director, employee, affiliate, agent, investment
banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant, broker, finder,
consultant or other agent or representative, which we
collectively refer to as “Spieker’s
representatives,” to:

• 

	invite, initiate, solicit or encourage, directly or indirectly,
	any inquiries, proposals, discussions or negotiations or the
	making or implementation of any proposal or offer, including any
	proposal or offer to its stockholders, with respect to an
	“alternative acquisition proposal,” as defined below;

• 

	engage in any discussions or negotiations with or provide any
	confidential or non-public information or data to, or afford
	access to properties, books or records to, any person relating
	to, or that may reasonably be expected to lead to, an
	alternative acquisition proposal;

• 

	enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle or
	agreement relating to an alternative acquisition proposal;

• 

	propose publicly to agree to do any of the foregoing; or

• 

	otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement
	an alternative acquisition proposal, including by amending or
	granting any waiver under the Spieker stockholder rights plan.


Spieker has agreed, for itself and for Spieker Partnership, that
it will:

• 

	immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
	activities, discussions or negotiations with any persons or
	entities conducted before the merger agreement with respect to
	any alternative acquisition proposal, and inform each Spieker
	representative and cause each of them to comply with this
	obligation;

• 

	request that each person, if any, that has executed a
	confidentiality agreement in the twenty-four months before the
	date of the merger agreement in connection with the
	consideration by the person of any alternative acquisition
	proposal to return or destroy all confidential information
	furnished to that person by or on behalf of Spieker and its
	subsidiaries; and

• 

	notify Equity Office promptly if Spieker or any of its
	subsidiaries or any Spieker representative receives:

 — 

	an alternative acquisition proposal or any amendment or change
	in any previously received alternative acquisition proposal;

 — 

	any request for confidential or nonpublic information or data
	relating to, or for access to the properties, books or records
	of, Spieker or any of its subsidiaries by any person that has
	made or to its knowledge may be considering making an
	alternative acquisition proposal;

 — 

	any oral or written expression that any activities, discussions
	or negotiations described above are sought to be initiated or
	continued with it;

	and include in that notice the identity of the person making the
	alternative acquisition proposal, indication or request, the
	material terms of that alternative acquisition proposal,
	indication or request and, if in writing, promptly deliver to
	Equity Office copies of any proposal, indication or request
	along with all other related documentation and correspondence
	and keep Equity Office informed of the status and material
	terms, including all changes to the status or material terms, of
	any alternative acquisition proposal, indication or request.


However, under certain circumstances, Spieker, including in its
capacity as the sole general partner of Spieker Partnership, may
furnish information to, or enter into discussions or
negotiations with, any person



that makes a 
bona fide 
written alternative acquisition
proposal which was not invited, initiated, solicited or
encouraged, directly or indirectly, by Spieker or any of its
subsidiaries, provided that:

• 

	a majority of the board of directors of Spieker determines in
	good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors of
	nationally recognized reputation and outside legal counsel, that
	the alternative acquisition proposal is reasonably likely to
	result in a “superior acquisition proposal,” as
	defined below;

• 

	each of Spieker and Spieker Partnership complies with all its
	obligations under the merger agreement;

• 

	before furnishing that information to, or entering into
	discussions or negotiations with, that person, Spieker provides
	written notice to Equity Office which states that it is
	furnishing information to, or entering into discussions with,
	that person; and

• 

	Spieker enters into a confidentiality agreement with that person
	the terms of which are in all material respects no less
	favorable to Spieker and no less restrictive to the person
	making the alternative acquisition proposal, than the terms of
	the confidentiality agreement entered into with Equity Office.


For purposes of the merger agreement, an “alternative
acquisition proposal” means any direct or indirect:

• 

	merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization,
	recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
	transaction;

• 

	sale, acquisition, tender offer, exchange offer, the filing of a
	registration statement under the Securities Act in connection
	with an exchange offer, share exchange or other transaction or
	series of related transactions that, if completed, would result
	in the issuance of securities representing, or the sale,
	exchange or transfer of, 15% or more of the outstanding voting
	equity securities of Spieker or outstanding partnership
	interests of Spieker Partnership, except an underwritten public
	offering of Spieker common stock for cash; or

• 

	sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
	disposition of any assets of Spieker or Spieker Partnership in
	one or a series of related transactions that, if completed,
	would result in the transfer of more than 30% of the assets of
	Spieker or Spieker Partnership, other than the mergers.


If an alternative acquisition proposal constitutes a superior
alternative acquisition proposal, as described below the board
of directors of Spieker may withdraw, modify, amend or qualify
its recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger and
recommend the superior alternative acquisition proposal to its
stockholders provided that:

• 

	Spieker complies fully with the non-solicitation provisions and
	provides Equity Office with at least three business days’
	prior written notice of its intent to withdraw, modify, amend or
	qualify its recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger;

• 

	if during those three business days Equity Office makes a
	counter proposal to the superior alternative acquisition
	proposal, Spieker’s board of directors in good faith,
	taking into account the advice of its outside financial advisors
	of nationally recognized reputation, determines that the Equity
	Office counter proposal is:

 — 

	not at least as favorable to Spieker’s stockholders as the
	superior alternative acquisition proposal, from a financial
	point of view; and

 — 

	not at least as favorable generally to Spieker’s
	stockholders, taking into account all financial and strategic
	considerations and other relevant factors, including relevant
	legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposals,
	and the conditions, prospects and time required for completion
	of that proposal; and



• 

	Spieker terminates the merger agreement under the terms of the
	merger agreement and pays to EOP Partnership the termination fee.


For purposes of the merger agreement, a “superior
alternative acquisition proposal” means a 
bona fide

written proposal made by a third party to acquire, directly
or indirectly, Spieker and/or Spieker Partnership in a tender or
exchange offer, merger, share exchange, consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of Spieker, Spieker
Partnership, and their subsidiaries or otherwise:

• 

	on terms which a majority of the board of directors of Spieker
	determines in good faith, after consultation with Spieker’s
	financial advisors of nationally recognized reputation, are
	superior, from a financial point of view, to Spieker’s
	stockholders to those provided for in the merger;

• 

	on terms which a majority of the board of directors of Spieker
	determines in good faith to be more favorable generally to
	Spieker’s stockholders, taking into account all financial
	and strategic considerations and other relevant factors,
	including relevant legal, financial, regulatory and other
	aspects of the proposals, and the conditions, prospects and time
	required for completion of the proposal;

• 

	for which financing, to the extent required, in the reasonable
	judgment of the board of directors of Spieker is capable of
	being obtained; and

• 

	which the board of directors of Spieker determines in good faith
	is reasonably capable of being consummated.


Termination of the Merger Agreement

Right to Terminate

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time before the
completion of the partnership merger, whether before or after
approval of the merger agreement and the mergers by the Equity
Office shareholders, EOP Partnership limited partners, Spieker
stockholders or Spieker Partnership limited partners, as follows:

• 

	by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Equity Office
	board of trustees and the Spieker board of directors;

• 

	by either Equity Office or Spieker if:

   — 

	any judgment, injunction, order, decree or action by any
	governmental entity preventing the consummation of either the
	merger or the partnership merger becomes final and
	non-appealable;

   — 

	the merger and the partnership merger have not been completed
	before December  31, 2001; however, neither Equity Office
	nor Spieker may terminate the merger agreement if its breach is
	the reason that the mergers have not been completed;

   — 

	the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
	Spieker common stock fail to approve the merger and the merger
	agreement at the Spieker special meeting, or if holders of
	partnership units of Spieker Partnership fail to approve the
	merger agreement and the partnership merger by the required
	vote, or if it is determined by Equity Office that the approvals
	of the Spieker Partnership unit holders and Spieker Partnership
	preferred unit holders cannot be obtained, but Spieker may not
	terminate for either of these reasons if it is in breach in any
	material respect of its obligations contained in the merger
	agreement relating to obtaining the required shareholder and
	partner votes; or

   — 

	the holders of Equity Office common shares fail to approve the
	merger and the merger agreement at the Equity Office special
	meeting, or holders of a majority of the partner interests in
	EOP Partnership fail to approve the merger agreement and the
	partnership merger, but Equity Office may not terminate for
	either of these reasons if it is in breach in any material



	respect of its obligations contained in the merger agreement
	relating to obtaining the required shareholder and partner votes;

• 

	by Equity Office:

   — 

	upon a breach of or failure to perform any covenant, obligation
	or agreement on the part of Spieker or Spieker Partnership
	contained in the merger agreement, or upon a breach of any
	representation or warranty of Spieker or Spieker Partnership or
	if any representation or warranty of Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership is or becomes untrue, in either case so that the
	conditions to the consummation of the merger contained in the
	merger agreement would be incapable of being satisfied by
	December 31, 2001, or as otherwise extended by the parties;
	or

   — 

	if (a) the Spieker board of directors has failed to
	recommend or has withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified, or
	proposed publicly not to recommend or to withdraw, modify, amend
	or qualify, in any manner adverse to Equity Office, its approval
	or recommendation of either of the mergers or the merger
	agreement, or approved or recommended any superior alternative
	acquisition proposal, (b) following the announcement or
	receipt of an alternative acquisition proposal, Spieker has
	failed to call the Spieker special meeting or failed to prepare
	and mail to its stockholders this joint proxy
	statement/prospectus or (c) the Spieker board of directors
	or any committee of the Spieker board of directors has resolved
	to do any of the foregoing; or

• 

	by Spieker:

   — 

	upon a breach of any covenant, obligation or agreement on the
	part of Equity Office or EOP Partnership contained in the merger
	agreement, or upon a breach of any representation or warranty of
	Equity Office or EOP Partnership or if any representation or
	warranty of Equity Office or EOP Partnership is or becomes
	untrue, in either case so that the conditions to the
	consummation of the merger contained in the merger agreement
	would be incapable of being satisfied by December 31, 2001
	or as otherwise extended by the parties; or

   — 

	if the Spieker board of directors has withdrawn, modified,
	amended or qualified in any manner adverse to Equity Office its
	approval or recommendation of either of the merger or the merger
	agreement in connection with, or approved or recommended, any
	superior alternative acquisition proposal, or to enter into a
	binding written agreement with respect to a superior alternative
	acquisition proposal, so long as, in each case, Spieker has
	complied with the terms of the no solicitation provisions
	contained in the merger agreement and, before terminating the
	merger agreement, has paid to EOP Partnership the termination
	fee.


Effect of Termination

Except for provisions in the merger agreement regarding
confidentiality of nonpublic information, payment of fees and
expenses, the effect of termination and specified miscellaneous
provisions, if the merger agreement is terminated as described
above, the merger agreement will become void and have no effect.

In addition, if the merger agreement is so terminated, there
will be no liability on the part of Equity Office, EOP
Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership, except to the
extent that the termination results from a material breach by
any party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements contained in the merger agreement.
The
confidentiality agreement, dated January 2, 2001, between
Spieker and Equity Office will continue in effect
notwithstanding any termination of the merger agreement.


Expenses; Termination
Fee

Except as described below, each party to the merger agreement
will bear its own fees and expenses in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.




Spieker and Spieker Partnership will pay to EOP Partnership a
termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated:

• 

	by Spieker, (a) if the Spieker board of directors has
	withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified in any manner adverse
	to Equity Office its approval or recommendation of either of the
	merger or the merger agreement in connection with, or approved
	or recommended, any superior alternative acquisition proposal,
	or (b) to enter into a binding written agreement with
	respect to a superior alternative acquisition proposal, so long
	as, in each case, Spieker complied with the terms of the
	nonsolicitation provisions contained in the merger agreement;

• 

	by Equity Office, if the Spieker board of directors has failed
	to recommend or has withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified,
	or proposed publicly not to recommend or to withdraw, modify,
	amend or qualify, in any manner adverse to Equity Office its
	approval or recommendation of either of the merger or the merger
	agreement or approved or recommended any superior alternative
	acquisition proposal, or has resolved to do any of the
	foregoing; or

• 

	under the circumstances listed below, but only if
	(a) Spieker or Spieker Partnership has received a proposal
	for an alternative acquisition transaction before the
	termination and (b) before or within 12  months after
	the termination, Spieker or Spieker Partnership enters into an
	agreement regarding any alternative acquisition transaction that
	is later completed:

   — 

	by Equity Office, if Spieker or Spieker Partnership fails to
	perform in all material respects all its covenants, obligations
	and agreements in the merger agreement and the failure cannot be
	rectified by December 31, 2001;

   — 

	by Equity Office, if Spieker or Spieker Partnership is in breach
	of any of its representations or warranties in the merger
	agreement, and the breach reasonably would be expected to have a
	material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets,
	financial condition or results of operations of Equity Office
	and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and cannot be rectified by
	December 31, 2001;

   — 

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if following Spieker’s receipt
	or announcement of an alternative acquisition proposal, Spieker
	fails to call the Spieker special meeting or fails to prepare
	and mail to its stockholders this joint proxy
	statement/prospectus;

   — 

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if any judgment, injunction, order,
	decree or action by any governmental entity of competent
	authority, which primarily results from any action, inaction of
	Spieker or its subsidiaries and prevents the consummation of the
	merger or the partnership merger, becomes final and
	non-appealable;

   — 

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if the merger and the partnership
	merger are not completed before December 31, 2001, and the
	terminating party has not materially breached its obligations
	under the merger agreement in a way that prevents the merger or
	the partnership merger from being completed before
	December 31, 2001; or

   — 

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if the holders of at least a
	majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock and
	Spieker series A preferred stock, to the extent the Spieker
	series A preferred stock has not been redeemed or converted
	into Spieker common stock, voting together as a single class,
	fail to approve the merger and the merger agreement at the
	Spieker special meeting, or the holders of partnership units of
	Spieker Partnership fail to approve the merger agreement and the
	partnership merger by the required vote, or it is determined by
	Equity Office that the approvals of the Spieker Partnership unit
	holders and Spieker Partnership preferred unit holders cannot be
	obtained, but Equity Office or Spieker may not terminate for any
	of these reasons if it is in breach in any material respect of
	its obligations contained in the merger agreement relating to
	obtaining the required shareholder and partner votes.


The termination fee that EOP Partnership may be entitled to
receive will be an amount equal to the lesser of (1) $160
million less termination expenses, as described below, paid or
payable under the merger



agreement and (2) the maximum amount that can be paid to
EOP Partnership without causing Equity Office to fail to meet
the REIT income requirements under the Internal Revenue Code.

The unpaid amount, if any, will be placed in escrow and will be
paid in subsequent years to the extent the payment would not
cause Equity Office to fail to meet the REIT income requirements
under the Internal Revenue Code.
Spieker’s and Spieker
Partnership’s obligation to pay any unpaid portion of the
termination fee will terminate on February 22, 2004.


Spieker and Spieker Partnership will pay to EOP Partnership
termination expenses if the merger agreement is terminated:

• 

	by Equity Office, if Spieker or Spieker Partnership fails to
	perform in all material respects all of its covenants,
	obligations and agreements in the merger agreement and the
	failure cannot be rectified by December 31, 2001, or if
	Spieker or Spieker Partnership is in breach of any of its
	representations or warranties in the merger agreement, and the
	breach reasonably would be expected to have a material adverse
	effect on the business, properties, assets, financial condition
	or results of operations of Equity Office and its subsidiaries
	taken as a whole, and the breach cannot be rectified by
	December 31, 2001, in each case, so long as Spieker was not
	entitled to terminate the merger agreement because Equity Office
	or EOP Partnership failed to perform in all material respects
	all of its covenants, obligations and agreements in the merger
	agreement, or because Equity Office or EOP Partnership is in
	breach of any of its representations or warranties in the merger
	agreement; or

• 

	by Equity Office or Spieker, if the holders of at least a
	majority of the outstanding shares of Spieker common stock and
	Spieker series A preferred stock, to the extent the Spieker
	series A preferred stock has not been redeemed or converted
	into Spieker common stock, voting together as a single class,
	fail to approve the merger and the merger agreement at the
	Spieker special meeting, or the holders of a majority of any
	class of the partnership units of Spieker Partnership or
	two-thirds of the Series D preferred units of limited
	partnership interest in Spieker Partnership fail to approve the
	merger agreement and the partnership merger, or it is determined
	by Equity Office that the approvals of the Spieker Partnership
	unit holders and Spieker Partnership preferred unit holders
	cannot be obtained, but Equity Office or Spieker may not
	terminate for any of these reasons if it is in breach in any
	material respect of its obligations contained in the merger
	agreement relating to obtaining the required shareholder and
	partner votes.


Equity Office and EOP Partnership will pay to Spieker
Partnership termination expenses if the merger agreement is
terminated:

• 

	by Spieker, if Equity Office or EOP Partnership fails to perform
	in all material respects all of its covenants, obligations and
	agreements in the merger agreement and the failure cannot be
	rectified by December  31, 2001, or if Equity Office or EOP
	Partnership is in breach of any of its representations or
	warranties in the merger agreement, and the breach reasonably
	would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
	business, properties, assets, financial condition or results of
	operations of Spieker and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, and
	the breach cannot be rectified by December  31, 2001, in
	each case, so long as Equity Office was not entitled to
	terminate the merger agreement because Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership failed to perform in all material respects all of
	its covenants, obligations and agreements in the merger
	agreement, or because Spieker or Spieker Partnership is in
	breach of any of its representations or warranties in the merger
	agreement; or

• 

	by either Spieker or Equity Office, if the holders of a majority
	of the outstanding Equity Office common shares fail to approve
	the merger and the merger agreement at the Equity Office special
	meeting, or if holders of a majority of the partner interests in
	EOP Partnership fail to approve the merger agreement and the
	partnership merger, but neither Equity Office nor Spieker may
	terminate for either of these reasons if it is in breach in any
	material respect of its obligations contained in the merger
	agreement relating to obtaining the required shareholder and
	partner votes, so long as Equity Office was not entitled to
	terminate the merger agreement because of a breach of any



	representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or agreement on
	the part of Spieker or Spieker Partnership.


The termination expenses that EOP Partnership or Spieker
Partnership may be entitled to receive in these cases will be an
amount equal to the lesser of (a) $7,500,000 or
(b) the applicable party’s out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including all
attorneys’, accountants’ and investment bankers’
fees and expenses.
If the termination expenses payable to that
party exceed the maximum amount that can be paid to that party
without causing that party to fail to meet the REIT income
requirements under the Internal Revenue Code, then the amount
initially payable to that party will be that maximum amount, and
the unpaid amount will be placed in escrow and paid in
subsequent years to the extent the payment would not cause
Equity Office to fail to meet the REIT income requirements under
the Internal Revenue Code.
The paying party’s obligation to
pay any unpaid portion of the termination expenses will
terminate on February 22, 2004.


In addition, if Equity Office prevails in a suit for a breach by
Spieker and Spieker Partnership of their obligation to pay the
termination fee or termination expenses under the merger
agreement, Equity Office will be entitled to its costs and
expenses in connection with the suit, with interest.


Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be amended by the parties in writing by
action of the Equity Office board of trustees and the Spieker
board of directors at any time before the filing of the Maryland
articles of merger relating to the merger.


At any time before the completion of the merger, the parties
may, in writing:

• 

	extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
	other acts of the other party;

• 

	waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of
	the other party contained in the merger agreement or in any
	document delivered under the merger agreement; or

• 

	waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of the
	other party contained in the merger agreement, except as
	specified.


Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’
Insurance

Under the merger agreement, Equity Office and EOP Partnership
will provide exculpation and indemnification for each person who
has been at any time on or before February 22, 2001, or who
becomes before the completion of the merger, an officer or
director of Spieker or any Spieker subsidiary.
This exculpation
and indemnification will be the same as provided to these
persons by Spieker and its subsidiaries immediately before the
completion of the merger in each entity’s respective
charter, bylaws, partnership, operating or similar agreement, as
applicable, as in effect on February 22, 2001.
This
exculpation and indemnification covers actions only on or before
the completion of the merger, including all transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.


In addition, Equity Office and EOP Partnership will indemnify
and hold harmless, to the full extent permitted by applicable
law, each of the persons described above against any losses,
claims, liabilities, expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement in connection with any threatened or actual claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal or administrative, including any action by or on behalf
of any or all security holders of Spieker or Equity Office, or
any of their subsidiaries, or by or in the right of Spieker or
Equity Office, or any of their subsidiaries, in which any of
these persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in
whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or
pertaining to:

• 

	the fact that he or she is or was an officer, employee or
	director of Spieker or any of its subsidiaries or any action or
	omission by that person in his or her capacity as a director; or



• 

	the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the
	merger agreement, whether in any case asserted or arising before
	or after the completion of the merger.


After the completion of the merger, Equity Office and EOP
Partnership will be obligated to promptly pay and advance
reasonable expenses and costs incurred by each of these persons
as they become due and payable in advance of the final
disposition of the claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation to the fullest extent and in the manner permitted
by law.
Equity Office is also obligated to purchase, at or
before the completion of the merger, directors’ liability
insurance policy coverage for Spieker’s directors and
officers for a period of six years which will provide the
directors and officers with coverage on substantially similar
terms as currently provided by Spieker to these directors and
officers.


Assumption of Spieker’s Obligations under Registration
Rights Agreements

Under the merger agreement, Equity Office has agreed to assume
Spieker’s obligations under existing registration rights
agreements between Spieker and several holders of Spieker
Partnership units and Spieker Partnership preferred units.


Voting Agreements

Several of the directors and executive officers of Spieker have
entered into voting agreements with Equity Office and EOP
Partnership agreeing to vote all shares of Spieker common stock,
and, if applicable, all Spieker Partnership units, owned of
record by each of them, or that they otherwise have the power to
vote:

• 

	for adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger
	and the transactions contemplated thereby; and

• 

	against approval or adoption of any action or agreement (other
	than the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated
	thereby) made or taken in opposition to or in competition with
	the merger.


As of the record date for the Spieker special meeting, these
persons beneficially owned, excluding stock options and Spieker
Partnership units held by them, 494,805 shares of Spieker
common stock, representing approximately 0.75% of the
outstanding shares of Spieker common stock entitled to be voted
at the Spieker special meeting.


The voting agreements prohibit these individuals from, directly
or indirectly, selling, transferring, pledging, encumbering,
assigning or otherwise disposing of their stock, stock options,
or Spieker Partnership units or entering into any contract,
option, or other agreement or understanding related to any of
those actions.
In addition, the voting agreements require these
individuals to tender and sell to EOP Partnership all of their
options to purchase Spieker common stock in the tender offer to
be made by EOP Partnership as described in
“— Treatment of Spieker Stock Options”
beginning on page 54.


Amendments to Equity Office’s Declaration of Trust as
Part of the Merger

As part of the merger, the Equity Office declaration of trust
will be amended to increase the maximum number of trustees
from 15 to 16 and to authorize the Equity Office board
of trustees to exempt under specified circumstances one or more
series of preferred shares issued in connection with a business
combination from all or any portion of the ownership limitations
and restrictions on transfer set forth in Article VII of
the Equity Office declaration of trust.
The text of these
amendments is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
as 
Annex D
.


The purpose of amendment to the Equity Office declaration of
trust to increase the maximum number of trustees from 15
to 16 is to allow Messrs. Spieker, Vought and Foster to be
appointed as trustees of Equity Office following the merger.

Equity Office currently has 13 incumbent trustees and will
add these three trustees under the merger agreement.




The purpose of the amendment to the Equity Office declaration of
trust to authorize the Equity Office board of trustees to exempt
one or more series of preferred shares issued in connection with
a business combination from all or any portion of the ownership
limitations and restrictions on transfer set forth in Article
VII of the Equity Office declaration of trust is to provide the
board flexibility in business combination transactions,
including the merger, to vary the terms of the ownership
limitations and restrictions on transfer applicable to any such
preferred shares.
This amendment allows, in a business
combination transaction, the Equity Office board of trustees to
issue one or more series of preferred shares that are exempt
from all or part of the ownership limitations and transfer
restrictions contained in Article VII of the Equity Office
declaration of trust, if either:

• 

	the Equity Office board determines that, assuming that all the
	shares of the exempted series of preferred shares are held by
	one non-U.S. person, it is not reasonably likely that:

(1) 

	five persons would own directly or indirectly more than 49.5% of
	the fair market value of the outstanding Equity Office shares;

(2) 

	the outstanding Equity Office shares would be owned by less than
	100 persons; and

(3) 

	non-U.S. persons would own directly or indirectly 43% or more of
	the fair market value of the issued and outstanding Equity
	Office shares; or

• 

	the Equity Office board establishes restrictions on the direct
	and indirect ownership and transfer of the exempted series of
	preferred shares and remedies for invalid transfers to make it
	reasonably likely that:

(1) 

	no five individuals directly or indirectly own more than 50% of
	the value of the outstanding Equity Office shares;

(2) 

	the outstanding Equity Office shares will be owned by at least
	100 persons; and

(3) 

	the fair market value of the outstanding Equity Office shares
	directly and indirectly owned by non-U.S. persons is less than
	43% of the fair market value of all of the outstanding Equity
	Office shares; or

• 

	a combination of the criteria in the two alternatives above so
	that each of item (1), (2) or (3) is satisfied
	under one of the two alternatives.


Acquisition of Spieker Northwest

Messrs. Spieker, French and Singleton and
Mr. Bruce E. Hosford own all of the outstanding shares
of common stock of Spieker’s noncontrolled subsidiary,
Spieker Northwest, Inc., representing 100% of the voting
power and 5% of the economic interests in Spieker Northwest.

Spieker Partnership owns all of the outstanding shares of
preferred stock of Spieker Northwest, representing 95% of the
economic interests in Spieker Northwest.
Messrs. Spieker,
Singleton, French and Hosford have entered into a stock purchase
agreement that provides for the sale of all of the shares of
common stock of Spieker Northwest to Equity Office Properties
Management Corp., a Delaware corporation in which Equity Office
owns a 95% non-voting equity interest.
Each of Messrs. Spieker,
Singleton, French and Hosford will receive $50,625 in exchange
for his shares of common stock of Spieker Northwest.


Non-Solicitation Agreements


It is a condition of the merger that each of
Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought enter into
nonsolicitation agreements with Equity Office and EOP
Partnership.
Under these agreements, each of the named
individuals will agree that for a period of 18 months after
the closing date of the mergers, they will not:

• 

	solicit any employee of Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker
	or Spieker Partnership or their respective subsidiaries for the
	purpose of causing such employee to leave the employment of
	Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership
	or any of their respective subsidiaries; or



• 

	directly or indirectly hire any such employee.


However, the named individuals may solicit an employee for the
purpose of causing the employee to leave the employment of
Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker Partnership,
or may hire such an employee if:

• 

	Equity Office or EOP Partnership indicates in writing its
	intention to terminate the employment of any employee with
	respect to all and not less than all of the employee’s
	positions at Equity Office, EOP Partnership, Spieker or Spieker
	Partnership;

• 

	Equity Office or EOP Partnership terminates the employment of
	any employee with respect to all and not less than all of the
	employee’s positions at Equity Office, EOP Partnership,
	Spieker and Spieker Partnership; or

• 

	an employee terminates his positions at all of Equity Office,
	EOP Partnership, Spieker and Spieker Partnership voluntarily and
	not as a result of solicitation by the individual.


Tax Related Undertakings of EOP Partnership

Lock-up Agreements. 

Under the merger agreement, EOP
Partnership has agreed to amend its partnership agreement to
provide that EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership will not be
allowed to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of, except in
tax-free or tax-deferred transactions, 93 specified
properties currently owned by Spieker Partnership that were
either:

(1) 

	directly or indirectly contributed to Spieker Partnership prior
	to or in connection with Spieker’s initial public offering
	in 1993 by specified unitholders, or

(2) 

	received in like-kind exchanges for the properties described in
	(1) above.


A sale or other disposition by EOP Partnership of part or all of
its interests in Spieker Partnership would be considered a
disposition of an interest in these 93 specified properties for
purposes of this prohibition.


These restrictions, which are for the benefit of 17 named
Spieker Partnership unitholders, last for at least 10 years
and, depending upon whether the unitholder enters into, and
complies with the terms of, an agreement not to sell specified
percentages of their Equity Office common shares and EOP
Partnership units during the initial 10 year restriction
period, up to 20 years after the closing of the merger.
The
named unitholders who have the benefit of this protection
include, among others, Messrs. Spieker, Foster, French,
Vought, Davenport and Schnugg and one other Spieker executive
officer.


If EOP Partnership or Spieker Partnership sells any of the
specified properties, or if EOP Partnership sells any of its
interest in Spieker Partnership, EOP Partnership will be
required to pay each protected Spieker Partnership unitholder an
amount equal to, on an after-tax basis, any income taxes
incurred by the unitholder as a result of the sale, to the
extent that any of the built-in gain on the date of the merger
with respect to the 93 specified properties is allocated to the
unitholder as a result of that sale.
Therefore, even if it were
in the best interest of EOP Partnership to sell any of the
specified properties, it may be prohibitively expensive for EOP
Partnership to do so during the applicable restriction period.


Guarantee Opportunities.
 
Under the amendment to the
partnership agreement of EOP Partnership described above, EOP
Partnership also will be required to make available to the
17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders the opportunity to
guarantee “qualifying debt.”
Qualifying debt generally
is debt that meets specified requirements with respect to
loan-to-value or loan-to-guarantee ratios or that is currently
outstanding debt of Spieker Partnership.
After the merger, if
guaranteed debt is repaid or no longer meets the requirements
for qualified debt, EOP Partnership must offer the 17 named
Spieker Partnership unitholders replacement opportunities for
these guarantees.
The replacement guarantees would be on a
“bottom dollar” basis.
The named unitholders who have
the benefit of this protection include, among others,
Messrs. Spieker, Foster, French, Vought, Davenport, and
Schnugg and one other Spieker executive officer.




If EOP Partnership fails to comply with its obligations
described above, EOP Partnership will be required to pay each
protected Spieker Partnership unitholder an amount equal, on an
after-tax basis, to any income taxes incurred by the protected
unitholder as a result of that failure.


Allocations of “Tier 3” Nonrecourse Liabilities
Under Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3).
 
Under the
amendment to the partnership agreement of EOP Partnership
described above, EOP Partnership will be required to use
commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the
17 named Spieker Partnership unitholders to determine the
method to be used for allocating “excess nonrecourse
liabilities” of EOP Partnership pursuant to applicable
Treasury regulations.
With respect to these Spieker Partnership
unitholders, EOP Partnership will be prohibited from using a
less favorable method of allocating “excess nonrecourse
liabilities” than it currently uses with respect to EOP
Partnership unitholders who are not parties to express
agreements in effect on February 17, 2001, specifying a
particular method to be used for such purposes.
EOP Partnership
also has agreed not to make available to any other EOP
Partnership unitholder a more favorable method of allocating
“excess nonrecourse liabilities” without making such
method available to the Spieker Partnership unitholders.
In
addition, EOP Partnership has agreed to use the same methods of
allocating excess nonrecourse liabilities to those 17 named
Spieker Partnership unitholders that had been used by Spieker
Partnership with respect to those unitholders prior to the
merger.
If the method of allocating excess nonrecourse
liabilities used by EOP Partnership results in the allocation to
these specified former Spieker Partnership unitholders of less
excess nonrecourse liabilities than was allocated to them by
Spieker Partnership, EOP Partnership has agreed to consider in
good faith a request by the former Spieker Partnership
unitholder to enter into deficit restoration obligations with
respect to its EOP Partnership units or to enter into a
guarantee of EOP Partnership debt.
The named unitholders who
have the benefit of this protection include, among others,
Messrs. Spieker, Foster, French, Vought, Davenport, and
Schnugg and one other Spieker executive officer.


Assumption of Spieker Tax Protection Agreements.
 
Under
the merger agreement and the amendment to the partnership
agreement of EOP Partnership described above, EOP Partnership
also has expressly agreed to assume obligations of Spieker
Partnership to other specified Spieker Partnership unitholders
under existing tax protection agreements between Spieker
Partnership and these unitholders.
Specifically, EOP Partnership
has agreed to assume Spieker Partnership’s undertaking not
to dispose of eleven properties formerly managed by Transpacific
Development Company and acquired by Spieker Partnership in 1998
pursuant to a contribution agreement dated February 4, 1998
(referred to as the TDC Curci Portfolio) in taxable transactions
prior to February 4, 2018, and to maintain specified debt
obligations guaranteed by the contributors of those properties.

Also, EOP Partnership has agreed to assume Spieker
Partnership’s undertaking not to dispose of Larkspur
Landing, which was acquired by Spieker Partnership in early
2000, in a taxable transaction prior to February 28, 2010,
to maintain a specified amount of recourse debt, and to make
deficit restoration obligation opportunities available to the
six contributors of that property.
EOP Partnership also will
assume obligations of Spieker Partnership with respect to
properties that are not wholly-owned by Spieker Partnership and
will not become wholly-owned by EOP Partnership as a result of
the merger.
These obligations include restrictions on
dispositions of the properties and maintenance of debt with
respect to these properties.




MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX

CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE MERGER


The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences relating to the merger and the receipt
of cash and Equity Office common shares in the merger by holders
of Spieker common stock and the receipt of Equity Office
preferred shares by holders of Spieker preferred stock.
Because
this is a summary that is intended to address only federal
income tax consequences of the merger that will apply to all
Spieker stockholders, it may not contain all of the information
that may be important to you.
As you review this discussion, you
should keep in mind that:

• 

	the tax consequences to you may vary depending on your
	particular tax situation;

• 

	you may be subject to special rules that are not discussed below
	if you are:

  —  a tax-exempt organization;

  —  a broker-dealer;

  — 

	a trader in securities that elects to mark to market;

  — 

	a person who holds Spieker stock as part of a hedge, straddle or
	conversion transaction;

  — 

	a person who acquired shares of Spieker stock pursuant to the
	exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation;

  — 

	a person who does not hold its shares of Spieker stock as a
	capital asset;

  — 

	a non-U.S. corporation, non-U.S. partnership, non-U.S. trust,
	non-U.S. estate, or individual who is not taxed as a citizen or
	resident of the United States, all of which may be referred to
	collectively as “non-U.S. persons;”

  —  a trust;

  —  an estate;

  —  a regulated investment company;

  —  an insurance company;

  — 

	U.S. expatriates who are subject to special rules; or

  — 

	otherwise subject to special tax treatment under the Internal
	Revenue Code;

• 

	this summary does not address state, local, or foreign tax
	considerations; and

• 

	this discussion is not intended to be, and should not be
	construed as, tax advice.


You are urged both to review the following discussion and to
consult with your own tax advisor to determine the effect of the
merger on your individual tax situation, including any state,
local or non-U.S. tax consequences.


The information in this section is based on the current Internal
Revenue Code, current, temporary and proposed regulations, the
legislative history of the Internal Revenue Code, current
administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal
Revenue Service, including its practices and policies as
endorsed in private letter rulings, which are not binding on the
Internal Revenue Service, and existing court decisions.
Future
legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations and
court decisions could change current law or adversely affect
existing interpretations of current law.
Any change could apply
retroactively.
Neither Equity Office nor Spieker has requested,
or plans to request, any rulings from the Internal Revenue
Service concerning the tax treatment of the merger.
It is
possible that the Internal Revenue Service would challenge the
statements in this discussion, which do not bind the Internal
Revenue Service or the courts, and that a court would agree with
the Internal Revenue Service.




General. 

The merger is intended to qualify as a
“reorganization” under section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code.
The income tax consequences summarized below are
based on the assumption that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization.
The obligation of Equity Office and Spieker to
consummate the merger is conditioned upon Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office, and
Sullivan & Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, delivering
opinions to Equity Office and Spieker, respectively, that the
merger will qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The opinions
of counsel will rely on customary representations made by Equity
Office and Spieker and applicable factual assumptions.
If any of
the factual assumptions or representations relied upon in the
opinions of counsel are inaccurate, the opinions may not
accurately describe the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the
merger, and this discussion may not accurately describe the tax
consequences of the merger.


Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker
Common Stockholders.
 
Spieker common stockholders will
receive $13.50 in cash and 1.49586 Equity Office common shares
for each share of Spieker common stock exchanged in the merger.

If the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office constitutes
a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code, the merger will have the following
material federal income tax consequences to Spieker common
stockholders:

• 

Receipt of Equity Office Common Shares and Cash.
 
A
	Spieker common stockholder will recognize gain equal to the
	lesser of either the cash received, excluding cash received for
	a fractional Equity Office common share, or the amount by which
	(A) the cash plus the fair market value of the Equity
	Office common shares received exceeds (B) the
	stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in its Spieker common
	stock.
A Spieker common stockholder will not recognize any loss
	on the exchange.

	
In general, gain recognized by a Spieker common stockholder will
	be taxable as capital gain.
This capital gain will be long-term
	capital gain if the Spieker stockholder’s holding period in
	the Spieker common stock is more than one year.
However, it is
	possible that the gain recognized by a Spieker common
	stockholder will be taxable as dividend income if the cash
	received does not result in a “meaningful reduction”
	in the Equity Office common shares that the Spieker common
	stockholder would have received had it received only Equity
	Office common shares in the merger.
In determining whether a
	meaningful reduction has occurred, section 318 of the
	Internal Revenue Code requires that the stockholder be treated
	as actually owning Equity Office common shares that are owned by
	the stockholder’s family members or by entities in which
	the stockholder owns an interest, or which the stockholder has
	an option to acquire.
The Internal Revenue Service has ruled
	that a minority stockholder in a publicly traded corporation
	whose relative stock interest is minimal and who exercises no
	control with respect to corporate affairs is considered to have
	a meaningful reduction if that stockholder has any reduction in
	its percentage stock ownership compared to what the shareholder
	would have received had all of the merger consideration been
	stock.
Each Spieker stockholder should consult his or her own
	tax advisor as to the applicability of these rules to his or her
	situation.

	
Gain required to be recognized due to the receipt of cash as
	part of the merger consideration generally must be calculated
	separately for each block of Spieker common stock exchanged in
	the merger.
A block of stock is generally considered to be a
	group of shares acquired at the same cost in a single
	transaction.

	
A Spieker common stockholder will have a tax basis in the Equity
	Office common shares received equal to the stockholder’s
	tax basis in its Spieker common stock exchanged, decreased by
	the amount of any cash received and increased by the amount of
	any gain recognized in the exchange.


• 

Fractional Shares.
 
A Spieker common stockholder that
	receives cash instead of a fractional Equity Office common share
	will be treated as if the fractional share was received in the
	merger and then redeemed by Equity Office.
The Spieker common
	stockholder generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal
	to the difference between the amount of cash received for the
	fractional share and the stockholder’s tax basis in the
	fractional share.
This capital gain or loss will be long-term
	capital gain



	or loss if the Spieker stockholder’s holding period in the
	Spieker common stock is more than one year.


• 

Holding Period.
 
The holding period of the Equity Office
	common shares received by a Spieker common stockholder in the
	merger will include the holding period of the Spieker common
	stock exchanged.


Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker
Preferred Stockholders.
 
Under the merger agreement, each
outstanding share of Spieker series B preferred stock will
be converted into the right to receive one Equity Office
series E preferred share; each outstanding share of Spieker
series C preferred stock will be converted into the right to
receive one Equity Office series F preferred share; each
outstanding share of Spieker series D preferred stock will be
converted into the right to receive one Equity Office series G
preferred share; and each outstanding share of Spieker series E
preferred stock will be converted into the right to receive one
Equity Office Series H preferred share.
See “The
Merger Agreement — Merger Consideration”
beginning on page 53.
The merger will have the following
material federal income tax consequences to Spieker preferred
stockholders:

• 

Receipt of Equity Office Preferred Shares.
 
A Spieker
	preferred stockholder that exchanges its Spieker preferred stock
	for Equity Office preferred shares only will not recognize gain
	or loss on such exchange.
A Spieker preferred stockholder will
	have a tax basis in the Equity Office preferred shares received
	equal to the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in the
	Spieker preferred stock exchanged.


• 

Holding Period.
 
The holding period of the Equity Office
	preferred shares received by a Spieker preferred stockholder in
	the merger will include the holding period of the Spieker
	preferred stock exchanged, assuming that the Spieker preferred
	stock was held as a capital asset.


Backup Withholding. 

Backup withholding tax at a rate of
31% may apply to cash paid in the merger to a Spieker common
stockholder.
Backup withholding will not apply, however, if the
Spieker common stockholder:

• 

	furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies
	that he or she is not subject to backup withholding on Internal
	Revenue Service Form W-9, or an appropriate substitute form;

• 

	provides a certificate of foreign status on Internal Revenue
	Service Form W-8 or W-8 BEN, or an appropriate
	substitute form; or

• 

	is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.


The Internal Revenue Service may impose a penalty upon any
taxpayer that fails to provide the correct taxpayer
identification number.
Any amount withheld under the backup
withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against
the stockholder’s federal income tax liability provided
that the stockholder furnishes required information to the
Internal Revenue Service.


Federal Income Tax Consequences to Spieker, Equity Office and
Equity Office Shareholders.
 
Equity Office and its
shareholders will not recognize any gain or loss as a result of
the merger, whether or not the merger qualifies as a
reorganization under section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.


Spieker will not recognize any gain or loss as a result of the
merger if the merger qualifies as a reorganization under
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and Spieker
qualifies as a “real estate investment trust,” or
“REIT,” at the time of the merger.


Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Spieker and
Spieker Stockholders if the Merger Did Not Qualify as a
Reorganization or Spieker Did Not Qualify as a REIT.
 
It is a
condition to consummation of the merger that Equity Office and
Spieker receive opinions of counsel that the merger will qualify
as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes, but these
opinions will not be binding upon the Internal Revenue Service
or the courts.




If the merger failed to qualify as a reorganization, then,
regardless of Spieker’s status as a REIT, a Spieker
stockholder would recognize gain or loss, as applicable, equal
to the difference between:

• 

	the aggregate fair market value of the Equity Office common and
	preferred shares and the cash received in the merger; and

• 

	the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in its Spieker stock.


If the merger failed to qualify as a reorganization, but Spieker
qualified as a REIT at the time of the merger, Spieker would
incur a tax liability only to the extent that Spieker’s net
gain recognized on the deemed transfer of its assets to Equity
Office were to exceed the fair market value of the Equity Office
common and preferred shares and cash issued in the merger.
The
liability for the tax attributable to any such gain would
transfer to Equity Office.


If the merger failed to qualify as a reorganization and if
Spieker did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the merger,
Spieker would generally recognize gain or loss on the deemed
transfer of its assets to Equity Office and Equity Office, as
its successor, would incur a very significant current tax
liability.
If Spieker were to fail to qualify as a REIT but the
merger were to qualify as a reorganization, Equity Office would
be subject to tax if during the 10 years following the
merger Equity Office were to dispose of any asset that was
acquired from Spieker in the merger.
In this event, Equity
Office would generally be subject to tax at the highest regular
corporate rate on the built-in gain, if any, that existed with
respect to such asset at the time of the merger.


REIT Qualification of Spieker and Equity Office.
 
As a
condition to the merger, Morrison & Foerster LLP, special
tax counsel to Spieker, will deliver an opinion to Equity Office
that Spieker qualifies as a REIT at the time of the merger.
This
opinion, however, will not be binding on the Internal Revenue
Service or the courts.
This opinion will rely on customary
representations made by Spieker about factual matters relating
to the organization and operation of Spieker, Spieker
Partnership and its subsidiaries.
In addition, this opinion will
be based on factual representations of Spieker concerning its
business and properties as set forth in this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus and the other documents incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.
If Spieker
did not qualify as a REIT in any of its prior tax years, Spieker
would be liable for (and, as successor to Spieker in the merger,
Equity Office would be obligated to pay any) federal income tax
on its income earned in any year that it did not qualify as a
REIT.


As a condition to the merger, Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.,
counsel to Equity Office, will deliver an opinion to Equity
Office and Spieker that commencing with Equity Office’s
taxable year ending December 31, 1997, Equity Office was
organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements
for qualification as a REIT, and that after consummation of the
mergers, Equity Office’s proposed method of operation will
enable it to continue to qualify as a REIT.


This opinion will rely upon customary representations made by
Equity Office about factual matters relating to the organization
and operation of Equity Office, EOP Partnership and its
subsidiaries.
In addition, this opinion will be based upon
factual representations of Equity Office concerning its business
and properties as set forth in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the other documents incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Finally, the
portion of the Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. opinion that addresses
the qualification of Equity Office as a REIT following the
merger will be based in part upon the opinion of Morrison &
Foerster LLP described above relating to the qualification
of Spieker as a REIT at the closing of the merger and the
representations made by Spieker in connection with the Morrison
& Foerster opinion.
If Spieker did not qualify as a REIT at
the time of the merger, Equity Office could fail to qualify as a
REIT after the merger.


Equity Office intends to continue to operate in a manner to
qualify as a REIT following the merger, but there is no
guarantee that Equity Office will qualify or remain qualified as
a REIT.
Qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon Equity
Office’s ability to meet, through actual annual (or, in
some cases, quarterly) operating results, requirements relating
to income, asset ownership, distribution levels and diversity of
share ownership, and the various REIT qualification requirements
imposed under the Internal



Revenue Code.
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. will not review Equity
Office’s compliance with these tests on a continuing basis.

Given the complex nature of the REIT qualification requirements,
the ongoing importance of factual determinations and the
possibility of future changes in the circumstances of Equity
Office, Equity Office cannot guarantee that its actual operating
results will satisfy the requirements for taxation as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code for any particular tax year.


DESCRIPTION OF EQUITY OFFICE SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST

The following summary of the terms of Equity Office’s
shares of beneficial interest is not complete and is qualified
by reference to the declaration of trust and bylaws of Equity
Office and applicable Maryland law and, in the case of the
Equity Office series E, F, G, and H
preferred shares, the forms of the articles supplementary for
each of these series.
The Equity Office declaration of trust and
bylaws are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
See “Where You Can Find More
Information” beginning on page 108.
Forms of the
articles supplementary for establishing the Equity Office
series E, F, G and H preferred shares to be
established as part of the merger are included as exhibits to
the registration statement, of which this document is a part.


General

The authorized shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office
consist of 750,000,000 common shares, par value $.01 per
share, and 100,000,000 preferred shares, par value $.01 per
share, of which 8,000,000 shares are designated as 8.98%
series A cumulative redeemable preferred shares, 7,000,000
shares are designated as 5.25% series B convertible,
cumulative preferred shares and 4,600,000 shares are
designated as 8 5/8% series C cumulative
redeemable preferred shares of beneficial interest.
The
following table sets forth the issued and outstanding Equity
Office common shares and series A, B and C
preferred shares as of
                         ,
 2001:

Issued and

Class or Series of Shares

Outstanding

	Common shares

	Series A preferred shares

7,994,000

	Series B preferred shares

6,000,000

	Series C preferred shares

4,562,000

Under the Equity Office declaration of trust, the Equity Office
board of trustees has the authority to issue authorized but
unissued common shares and, subject to the rights of holders of
any class or series of preferred shares, preferred shares in one
or more classes or series, without shareholder approval.
The
Equity Office board of trustees also is authorized to reclassify
authorized but unissued common shares into preferred shares, and
authorized but unissued preferred shares into common shares,
without shareholder approval, subject to the rights of holders
of any class or series of preferred shares.
Absent an express
provision to the contrary in the terms of any class or series of
authorized shares, under the Equity Office declaration of trust,
the Equity Office board of trustees also has the power to divide
or combine the outstanding shares of any class or series,
without shareholder approval.


Under Maryland law applicable to Maryland REITs, a shareholder
is not personally liable for the obligations of Equity Office
solely as a result of his or her status as a shareholder.
The
Equity Office declaration of trust provides that no shareholder
will be liable for any debt or obligation of Equity Office by
reason of being a shareholder nor will any shareholder face any
personal liability in tort, contract or otherwise to any person
that relates to the property or affairs of Equity Office by
reason of being a shareholder.


The Equity Office bylaws further provide that Equity Office will
indemnify each present or former shareholder against any claim
or liability to which the shareholder may become subject by
reason of being or having been a shareholder and that Equity
Office will reimburse each shareholder for all reasonable
expenses incurred by him or her relating to any such claim or
liability.
However, with respect to tort



claims, contractual claims where shareholder liability is not so
negated, claims for taxes and certain statutory liability, the
shareholders may, in some jurisdictions, be personally liable to
the extent that such claims are not satisfied by Equity Office.


Inasmuch as Equity Office carries public liability insurance
which it considers adequate, any risk of personal liability to
shareholders is limited to situations in which Equity
Office’s assets plus its insurance coverage would be
insufficient to satisfy the claims against Equity Office and its
shareholders.


Common Shares

All Equity Office common shares outstanding are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.


Subject to the preferential rights of any other shares of
beneficial interest and to the provisions of the Equity Office
declaration of trust regarding ownership limitations and
restrictions on transfers of shares of beneficial interest,
holders of Equity Office common shares are entitled to receive
distributions if, as and when authorized and declared by the
Equity Office board of trustees out of assets legally available
therefor and to share ratably in the assets of Equity Office
legally available for distribution to its shareholders in the
event of its liquidation, dissolution or winding-up after
payment of, or adequate provision for, all known debts and
liability of Equity Office.


Subject to the provisions of the Equity Office declaration of
trust regarding ownership limitations and restrictions on
transfer of shares of beneficial interest, each outstanding
Equity Office common share entitles the holder to one vote on
all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the
election of trustees.
Except as provided with respect to any
other class or series of shares of beneficial interest, the
holders of the Equity Office common shares possess the exclusive
voting power.


There is no cumulative voting in the election of trustees, which
means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding common
shares can elect all of the trustees then standing for election
and the holders of the remaining shares of beneficial interest,
except as provided with respect to any other class or series of
shares of beneficial interest, will not be able to elect any
trustees.


Holders of Equity Office common shares have no preferences,
conversion, sinking fund, redemption rights or preemptive rights
to subscribe for any securities of Equity Office.
Subject to the
exchange provisions of the declaration of trust regarding
ownership limitations and restrictions on transfer, Equity
Office common shares have equal distribution, liquidation,
voting and other rights.


The Equity Office declaration of trust permits the termination
of the existence of Equity Office if approved by the affirmative
vote of the holders of not less two-thirds of the votes entitled
to be cast on the matter.
In addition, the Equity Office board
of trustees may terminate the status of Equity Office as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code at any time, without a vote of
the holders of Equity Office common or preferred shares.


Preferred Shares

The Equity Office declaration of trust authorizes the Equity
Office board of trustees to issue 100,000,000 preferred shares,
to classify any unissued preferred shares and to reclassify any
previously classified but unissued preferred shares of any
series from time to time, in one or more series, as authorized
by the Equity Office board of trustees.
The Equity Office board
of trustees also is authorized to reclassify authorized but
unissued common shares into preferred shares, and authorized but
unissued preferred shares into common shares, without
shareholder approval.


Series A Preferred
Shares

The Equity Office series A preferred shares rank senior to
the Equity Office common shares and on a parity with the Equity
Office series B and series C preferred shares with
respect to payment of distributions and distributions of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Equity Office.




Holders of the Equity Office series A preferred shares are
entitled to receive, when and as authorized by Equity Office,
cumulative cash distributions at the rate of 8.98% of the $25.00
liquidation preference per annum, which is equivalent to a fixed
annual amount of $2.245 per share.
These distributions are
cumulative and are payable quarterly in arrears on or before
March 15, June 15, September 15 and
December 15 of each year.


The Equity Office series A preferred shares are not
convertible and are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking
fund.


On and after June 15, 2002, Equity Office, at its option,
may redeem the series A preferred shares, in whole or from
time to time in part, for cash at a redemption price of $25.00
per share, plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
date fixed for redemption.
However, the redemption price, other
than the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid distributions,
is payable only out of the sale proceeds of other shares of
beneficial interest of Equity Office.


Series B Preferred
Shares

The Equity Office series B preferred shares rank senior to
the Equity Office common shares and on a parity with the Equity
Office series A preferred shares and the Equity Office
series C preferred shares with respect to the payment of
distributions and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office.


Distributions on the Equity Office series B preferred
shares are cumulative and are payable quarterly, when, as and if
declared by the Equity Office board of trustees, on or about
February 15, May 15, August 15 and
November 15 of each year, at the rate of 5.25% of the
$50.00 liquidation preference per annum, which is equivalent to
$2.625 per annum per share.


The Equity Office series B preferred shares are convertible
at any time, at the option of the holder, unless previously
redeemed, into Equity Office common shares at a conversion price
of $35.70 per Equity Office common share, which is equivalent to
a conversion rate of 1.40056 common shares for each Equity
Office series B preferred share, and which may be adjusted
in specified circumstances.


The Equity Office series B preferred shares are not
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.


On and after February 15, 2003, the Equity Office
series B preferred shares will be redeemable by Equity
Office, in whole or from time to time in part, at the option of
Equity Office, for that number of Equity Office common shares as
are issuable at the conversion price.
Equity Office may exercise
the redemption right only if for 20 trading days within any
period of 30 consecutive trading days, the closing price of
the Equity Office common shares on the NYSE exceeds $41.055 per
share, which may be adjusted in specified circumstances.


On and after February 15, 2003, the Equity Office
series B preferred shares may be redeemed at the option of
Equity Office for cash, in whole or from time to time in part,
initially at $51.1667 per Equity Office series B preferred
share and thereafter at prices declining to $50.00 per Equity
Office series B preferred share on and after
February 15, 2007, plus in each case accumulated and unpaid
distributions, if any, to the redemption date.
Equity Office may
not exercise its cash redemption right unless the redemption
price, other than the portion consisting of accumulated and
unpaid distributions, for the exercise of the cash redemption
right is paid solely out of the sale proceeds of other shares of
beneficial interest of Equity Office.
In addition, in specified
circumstances relating to the preservation of Equity
Office’s status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes,
Equity Office may redeem Equity Office series B preferred
shares at any time.


The Equity Office series B preferred shares are subject to
mandatory redemption on February 15, 2008 at a price of
$50.00 per Equity Office series B preferred share, plus
accumulated and unpaid distributions to the redemption date.




Series C Preferred
Shares

The Equity Office series C preferred shares rank senior to
the common shares and on a parity with the Equity Office
series A preferred shares and the Equity Office
series B preferred shares with respect to payment of
distributions and distributions of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of Equity Office.


Holders of the Equity Office series C preferred shares are
entitled to receive, when and as authorized by Equity Office,
cumulative cash distributions at the rate of 8 5/8% of the
liquidation preference per annum, which is equivalent to
$2.15625 per Equity Office series C preferred share per
year.
These distributions are cumulative and are payable
quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15,
September 15 and December 15 of each year.


The Equity Office series C preferred shares are not
convertible and are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking
fund.


On or after December 8, 2003, Equity Office, at its option,
may redeem the Equity Office series C preferred shares, in
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a
redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus all accumulated and
unpaid distributions to the date of redemption, without
interest, to the extent Equity Office has funds legally
available therefor.
However, the redemption price of the Equity
Office series C preferred shares, other than any portion
thereof consisting of accumulated and unpaid distributions, may
be paid only from sale proceeds of other equity securities of
Equity Office.


Liquidation Rights of
Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office, the Equity Office series A and
C preferred shares are entitled to a liquidation preference of
$25.00 per share and the series B preferred shares are
entitled to a liquidation preference of $50.00 per share plus,
in each case, any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to
holders of common shares and any other class or series of shares
of Equity Office ranking junior to the Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares as to liquidation
rights.
If upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of Equity Office, the assets of Equity
Office are insufficient to make such full payments to holders of
Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares and other
preferred shares ranking on a parity with the Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares, then holders of Equity
Office series A, B and C preferred shares and parity
preferred shares will share ratably in any distribution of
assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to
which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.
After
payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to
which they are entitled, the holders of Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares will not be entitled to
any further participation in any distribution of assets by
Equity Office.


Voting Rights of
Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

Holders of Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares
do not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as
otherwise required by law.


Under the articles supplementary establishing the Equity Office
series A, B and C preferred shares, the Equity Office board
of trustees may not authorize, create or increase the authorized
amount of any class or series of shares ranking before the
outstanding Equity Office series A, B and C preferred
shares with respect to the payment of distributions or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Equity Office, or
reclassify any authorized shares into any such shares or create,
authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into
or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares, without the
approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
Equity Office series A, B and C preferred shares voting
separately as classes.
A two-thirds separate class vote also
would be required for any amendment, alteration or repeal of
provisions of the declaration of trust, whether by merger,
consolidation or otherwise, that would materially and adversely
affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the
Equity



Office series A, B and C preferred shares, with several
specified exceptions set forth in the declaration of trust.


The holders of the outstanding Equity Office series A, B
and C preferred shares also are entitled, voting together as a
single class with all other equity securities with like voting
rights, to elect a total of two trustees to the Equity Office
board of trustees at any time distributions on the preferred
shares are in arrears for six or more quarterly periods.


Power to Issue Additional
Common Shares and Preferred Shares

Equity Office believes that the power of its board of trustees
to issue additional authorized but unissued common shares or
preferred shares and to classify or reclassify unissued common
shares or preferred shares and thereafter to cause Equity Office
to issue such classified or reclassified shares of beneficial
interest provides Equity Office with increased flexibility in
structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in
meeting other needs which may arise.
The additional classes or
series, as well as the common shares, generally will be
available for future issuance without further action by Equity
Office’s shareholders, unless such action is required by
applicable law or the rules of the NYSE.
Although the Equity
Office board of trustees has no present intention of doing so,
it could authorize Equity Office to issue a class or series that
could, depending upon the terms of such class or series, delay,
defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of Equity
Office that might involve a premium price for holders of common
shares or otherwise be in their best interest.


New Series E, F, G and
H Preferred Shares

The Equity Office series E, F, G and H preferred shares to
be established before or simultaneously with the merger will
have preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and
terms or conditions of redemption identical to those of the
shares of the corresponding series of Spieker preferred stock.

As part of the merger, a total of 1,500,000 Equity Office
series G preferred shares will be established and will be
issuable after April 20, 2008, or earlier upon the
occurrence of specified events, upon the conversion of the
Spieker Partnership series D preferred units that will
remain outstanding following the partnership merger.


The following table sets forth the authorized, issued and
outstanding Equity Office series E, F, G and H preferred
shares upon completion of the merger:

Issued and

Class or Series of Shares

Authorized

Outstanding

	Series E preferred shares

4,250,000

4,250,000

	Series F preferred shares

6,000,000

6,000,000

	Series G preferred shares

1,500,000

	Series H preferred shares

4,000,000

4,000,000

Series E Preferred
Shares to be Issued in the Merger

The Equity Office series E preferred shares to be issued in
the merger will rank senior to the Equity Office common shares
and on a parity with the Equity Office series A, B and C
preferred shares and the Equity Office series F, G and H
preferred shares with respect to the payment of distributions
and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
Equity Office.


Distributions on the Equity Office series E preferred
shares, when issued, will cumulate and will be payable
quarterly, when, as and if declared by the Equity Office board
of trustees, on the last day of March, June, September and
December of each year.
The rate of distributions for the
series E preferred shares will be $2.3625 per annum per
share.


The Equity Office series E preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not be
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.




The Equity Office series E preferred shares will be
redeemable by Equity Office at a price of $25.00 per Equity
Office series E preferred share, plus accumulated and
unpaid distributions to the redemption date.
The redemption
price of series E preferred shares, other than the portion
consisting of accrued and unpaid distributions, will be payable
solely out of proceeds from the sale of other shares of
beneficial interest of Equity Office, including any rights,
warrants or options to purchase any shares of beneficial
interest but excluding debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest.


If any series E preferred shares are outstanding, no
distributions may be declared or paid or set apart for payment
on any class or series of shares of beneficial interest of
Equity Office ranking, as to distributions, on a parity with or
junior to series E preferred shares for any period unless
full cumulative distributions have been or contemporaneously are
declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the
payment thereof set apart for such payments on series E
preferred shares for all past distribution periods and the then
current distribution period.


In addition, unless full cumulative distributions on
series E preferred shares have been or contemporaneously
are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the
payment thereof set apart for payment for all past dividend
periods and the then current dividend period, no distributions,
other than in Equity Office common shares or other shares of
beneficial interest ranking junior to series E preferred
shares as to distributions and amounts upon liquidation may be
declared or paid or set aside for payment or other distribution
may be declared or made upon the Equity Office common shares,
series A preferred shares, series B preferred shares,
series C preferred shares, series F preferred shares,
series G preferred shares, if any, and series H
preferred shares or any other shares of beneficial interest of
Equity Office ranking junior to or on a parity with
series E preferred shares as to distributions or upon
liquidation, nor may
any Equity Office common shares,
series A preferred shares, series B preferred shares,
series C preferred shares, series F preferred shares,
series G preferred shares, if any, and series H
preferred shares or any other shares of beneficial interest of
Equity Office ranking junior to or on a parity with
series E preferred shares as to distributions or amounts
upon liquidation be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired
for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made
available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such
shares of beneficial interest) by Equity Office, except by
conversion into or exchange for other shares of beneficial
interest of Equity Office ranking junior to series E
preferred shares as to distributions and amounts upon
liquidation.


Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office, the Equity Office series E
preferred shares, when issued, will be entitled to a liquidation
preference of $25.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid
distributions to the date of payment, before any distribution or
payment to the Equity Office common shares or any other class or
series of shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office ranking
junior to the Equity Office series E preferred shares as to
liquidation rights.


If upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office, the assets of Equity Office are
insufficient to make full payments to holders of Equity Office
series E preferred shares and other preferred shares
ranking on a parity with the Equity Office series E
preferred shares, then holders of Equity Office series E
preferred shares and such other preferred shares will share
ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full
liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled.
After payment of the full amount of the
liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the
holders of Equity Office series E preferred shares will not
be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of
assets by Equity Office.


Series F Preferred
Shares to be Issued in the Merger

The Equity Office series F preferred shares to be issued in
the merger will rank senior to the Equity Office common shares
and on a parity with the Equity Office series A, B, C, E, G
and H preferred shares with respect to the payment of
distributions and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of Equity Office.


Distributions on the Equity Office series F preferred
shares, when issued, will cumulate and will be payable
quarterly, when, as and if declared by the Equity Office board
of trustees, on the last day of



January, April, July and October of each year.
The rate of
distributions for the series F preferred shares will be
$1.96875 per annum per share.


The Equity Office series F preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not be
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.


The Equity Office series F preferred shares, when issued,
will be redeemable by Equity Office after October 10, 2002
at a price of $25.00 per Equity Office series F preferred
share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
redemption date.
The redemption price of series F preferred
shares, other than the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid
distributions, will be payable solely out of proceeds from the
sale of other shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office,
including any rights, warrants or options to purchase any shares
of beneficial interest but excluding debt securities convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest.


The Equity Office series F preferred shares will have the
same limitations on the payment of distributions on junior and
parity shares and the same liquidation rights as the Equity
Office series E preferred shares.


Series G Preferred
Shares to be Established and Reserved for Issuance

The Equity Office series G preferred shares to be
established as part of the merger will be issuable after
April 20, 2008, or earlier upon the occurrence of specified
events, upon the exchange by the holders of the Spieker
Partnership series D preferred units that will remain
outstanding following the partnership merger.


The Equity Office series G preferred shares, when issued in
exchange for the Spieker Partnership series D preferred
units, will rank senior to the Equity Office common shares and
on a parity with the Equity Office series A, B, C, E, F and
H preferred shares with respect to the payment of distributions
and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
Equity Office.


Distributions on the Equity Office series G preferred
shares, when issued, will cumulate and will be payable
quarterly, when, as and if declared by the Equity Office board
of trustees, on the last day of March, June, September and
December of each year.
The rate of distributions for the
series G preferred shares will be $3.84375 per annum per
share.
Each series G preferred share also will accumulate
all accrued and unpaid distributions, whether or not declared,
up to the exchange date on any series G preferred
partnership unit of EOP Partnership, with these accrued and
unpaid distributions treated as accrued and unpaid distributions
on each series G preferred share.


The Equity Office series G preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.


The Equity Office series G preferred shares, when issued,
will be redeemable by Equity Office after April 20, 2003 at
a price of $50.00 per Equity Office series G preferred
share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to the
redemption date.
The redemption price of series G preferred
shares, other than the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid
distributions, will be payable solely out of proceeds from the
sale of other shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office,
including any rights, warrants or options to purchase any shares
of beneficial interest but excluding debt securities convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest.


The Equity Office series G preferred shares will have the
same limitations on the payment of distributions on junior and
parity preferred shares and the same liquidation rights as the
Equity Office series E and F preferred shares.


Series H Preferred
Shares to be Issued in the Merger

The new Equity Office series H preferred shares to be
issued in the merger will rank senior to the Equity Office
common shares and on a parity with the Equity Office
series A, B, C, E, F and G preferred shares with respect to
the payment of distributions and amounts upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up



of Equity Office.
Distributions on the Equity Office
series H preferred shares will cumulate and will be payable
quarterly, when, as and if declared by the Equity Office board
of trustees, on the last day of March, June, September and
December of each year.
The rate of distributions for the
series H preferred shares will be $2.00 per annum per share.


The Equity Office series H preferred shares will not be
convertible into Equity Office common shares and will not be
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.


The Equity Office series H preferred shares will be
redeemable by Equity Office after June 4, 2003 at a price
of $25.00 per Equity Office series H preferred share, plus
accumulated and unpaid distributions to the redemption date.
The
redemption price of series H preferred shares, other than
the portion consisting of accrued and unpaid distributions, will
be payable solely out of proceeds from the sale of other shares
of beneficial interest of Equity Office, including any rights,
warrants or options to purchase any shares of beneficial
interest but excluding debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of beneficial interest.


The Equity Office series H preferred shares will have the
same limitations on the payment of distributions on junior and
parity preferred shares and the same liquidation rights as the
Equity Office series E, F and G preferred shares.


Voting Rights of Equity
Office Series E, F and H Preferred Shares

Holders of Equity Office series E, F and H preferred shares
will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as
otherwise required by law.


Under the articles supplementary establishing these series of
preferred shares, if six quarterly distributions, whether or not
consecutive, payable on any of these series of preferred shares
or other parity preferred shares are in arrears, the number of
trustees on the Equity Office board of trustees will be
increased by two, and the holders of the series E, F and H
preferred shares, voting together as a class, with the holders
of other series of parity preferred shares entitled to such
voting rights, which are referred to as “voting preferred
shares,” will have the right to elect two additional
trustees to serve on the Equity Office board of trustees until
the distributions have been paid in full or set aside for
payment.
The term of office of all trustees so elected will
terminate with the termination of such voting rights.


The approval of a majority of the outstanding series E, F
and H preferred shares and all other series of voting preferred
shares similarly affected and having such voting rights, voting
as a single class is required to:

• 

	enter into a share exchange that affects series E, F or H
	preferred shares, or consolidate with or merge Equity Office
	with or into any other entity, unless in each such case each
	series E, F or H preferred share remains outstanding
	without a material adverse change to its terms and rights or is
	converted into or exchanged for preferred shares of the
	surviving entity having preferences, conversion and other
	rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
	distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of
	redemption thereof identical to those of the series E, F or
	H preferred shares, as applicable, or

• 

	authorize, reclassify, create, or increase the authorized amount
	of any class of shares of beneficial interest having rights
	senior to series E, F or H preferred shares with respect to
	the payment of distributions or amounts upon liquidation,
	dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Equity Office.


However, Equity Office may create additional classes of parity
preferred shares and shares of beneficial interest ranking
junior to series E, F and G preferred shares as to
distributions or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of Equity Office, increase the
authorized number of parity preferred shares and junior shares
and issue additional series of parity preferred shares and
junior shares without the consent of any holder of
series E, F or H preferred shares.


The approval of two-thirds of the outstanding series E, F
and H preferred shares and all other series of voting preferred
shares similarly affected and having such voting rights, voting
as a single class, is



required in order to amend the articles supplementary for the
series E, F or H preferred shares or Equity Office’s
declaration of trust to affect materially and adversely the
rights, preferences or voting power of the holders of
series E, F or H preferred shares or any voting preferred
shares.


Voting Rights of Equity
Office Series G Preferred Shares

Holders of Equity Office series G preferred shares will not
have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as
otherwise required by law.


If six quarterly distributions, including quarterly
distributions on the EOP Partnership series G preferred
units issued in the merger of Spieker Partnership into EOP
Partnership before the exchange into series G preferred
shares, whether or not consecutive, payable on series G
preferred shares or any parity preferred shares are in arrears,
whether or not earned or declared, the number of trustees then
constituting the Equity Office board of trustees will be
increased by two, and the holders of series G preferred
shares, voting together as a class with the holders of shares of
any other series of parity preferred shares entitled to such
voting rights, which are referred to as “voting preferred
shares,” will have the right to elect two additional
trustees to serve on Equity Office’s board of trustees
until the distributions have been paid in full or set aside for
payment.
The term of office of all trustees so elected will
terminate with the termination of such voting rights.


The approval of two-thirds of the outstanding Equity Office
series G preferred shares, when issued, will be required in
order to:

• 

	enter into a share exchange that affects the series G
	preferred shares, or consolidate with or merge Equity Office
	with or into any other entity or convey, lease or transfer all
	of its assets as an entirety, unless in each case each
	series G preferred share remains outstanding without a
	material adverse change to its terms, preferences, privileges,
	voting powers and rights or is converted into or exchanged for
	preferred shares of the surviving entity having preferences,
	conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions,
	limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or
	conditions of redemption thereof identical to that of a
	series G preferred share, or

• 

	authorize, reclassify, create, or increase the authorized amount
	of any class of shares of beneficial interest having rights
	senior to series G preferred shares with respect to the
	payment of distributions or amounts upon liquidation,
	dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Equity Office.


However, Equity Office may create additional classes of parity
preferred shares and shares of beneficial interest ranking
junior to series G preferred shares as to distributions or
amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
affairs of Equity Office, increase the authorized number of
parity preferred shares and junior shares and issue additional
series of parity shares and junior shares without the consent of
any holder of series G preferred shares, unless, in the
case of parity shares, the parity shares are created or
increased solely for the purpose of issuance to an affiliate, as
defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, of Equity
Office, which will require the approval of two-thirds of the
outstanding series G preferred shares.


The approval of two-thirds of the outstanding series G
preferred shares, voting as a single class, also will be
required to amend the articles supplementary for the
series G preferred shares or Equity Office’s
declaration of trust to affect materially and adversely the
rights, preferences or voting power of the holders of
series G preferred shares.


REIT Ownership Limitations Applicable to Equity Office Common
Shares and Series A, B and C Preferred Shares

For Equity Office to qualify as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code, no more than 50% in value of its outstanding
shares of beneficial interest may be owned, actually or
constructively, by five or fewer “individuals,” which,
as defined in the Internal Revenue Code for this purpose,
includes certain entities.
In addition, if Equity Office, or an
actual or constructive owner of 10% or more of the shares of
Equity Office, owns, actually or constructively, 10% or more of
a tenant of Equity Office, then the rent received



by Equity Office from that “related party tenant” will
not be qualifying income for purposes of determining whether
Equity Office meets the requirements for qualification as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code unless the tenant is a taxable
REIT subsidiary and specified requirements are met.
A
REIT’s shares also must be beneficially owned by 100 or
more persons.


As a means of addressing these requirements, Article VII of
the Equity Office declaration of trust provides that, with
several exceptions, no person may own, or be deemed to own
directly and/or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, more than 9.9%, in value or number of
shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the issued and
outstanding shares of any class or series of shares.
Under the
Equity Office declaration of trust, the Equity Office board of
trustees may increase the ownership limit with respect to any
class or series of shares.
After giving effect to this increase,
however, five beneficial owners of common shares may not
beneficially own in the aggregate more than 49.5% of the
outstanding common shares.
In addition, the Equity Office board
of trustees is required to waive or modify the ownership limit
with respect to one or more persons who would not be treated as
“individuals” under the Internal Revenue Code if such
person submits to the Equity Office board of trustees specified
information that demonstrates, to the reasonable satisfaction of
the Equity Office board of trustees, that such ownership would
not jeopardize Equity Office’s status as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code.
The Equity Office declaration of trust
further prohibits any person from transferring any Equity Office
common or preferred shares if the transfer would result in
shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office being owned by
fewer than 100 persons or otherwise would cause Equity Office
not to qualify as a REIT.


With respect to the Equity Office series B preferred
shares, the ownership limit in the declaration of trust means
the greater of (a) 9.9% of the series B preferred
shares, in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, or
(b) such number of series B preferred shares such that
five persons who are considered individuals pursuant to
Section 542 of the Internal Revenue Code, as modified by
Section 856(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, taking into
account all excepted holders within the meaning of the
declaration of trust, could not beneficially own, in the
aggregate, more than 49.5% of the value of the outstanding
shares of beneficial interest of Equity Office.


If any transfer of shares or any other event would otherwise
result in any person violating the ownership limits, then the
declaration of trust provides that (a) the transfer will be
void and of no force or effect with respect to the prohibited
transferee with respect to that number of shares that exceeds
the ownership limits and (b) the prohibited transferee
would not acquire any right or interest in the shares.
The
shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit instead
would be transferred automatically to a charitable trust, the
beneficiary of which would be a qualified charitable
organization selected by Equity Office.


The trustee of the charitable trust would be required to sell
the shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit to a
person or entity who could own the shares without violating the
ownership limit, and to distribute to the prohibited transferee
an amount equal to the lesser of the price paid by such person
for the shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit
or the sales proceeds received by the charitable trust for the
shares.
In the case of a transfer for no consideration, such as
a gift, the charitable trustee would be required to sell the
shares to a qualified person or entity and distribute to the
prohibited transferee an amount equal to the lesser of the fair
market value of the shares as of the date of the prohibited
transfer or the sales proceeds received by the charitable trust.


Under its declaration of trust, Equity Office, or its designee,
would have the right to purchase the shares from the charitable
trust at a price per share equal to the lesser of (a) the
price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer
of the shares to the charitable trust, or, in the case of a
devise or gift, the market price at the time of such devise or
gift, and (b) the market price of such shares on the date
Equity Office, or its designee, were to agree to purchase the
shares.
Any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares in
excess of the amount distributed to the prohibited transferee
under these provisions would be distributed to the beneficiary
of the charitable trust.


The charitable trustee will have the sole right to vote the
shares that it holds, and any distributions paid on shares held
by the charitable trustee would be paid to the beneficiary of
the charitable trust.




If the transfer to the charitable trust of the shares that were
transferred in violation of the ownership limit is not
automatically effective for any reason, then the transfer that
resulted in the violation of the ownership limit would be void.


All persons or entities who own, directly or by virtue of the
attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than
5%, or such other percentage between  1/2 of 1% and 5% as
provided in applicable rules and regulations under the Internal
Revenue Code, of the lesser of the number or value of the
outstanding Equity Office shares must give a written notice to
Equity Office by January 30 of each year stating the name
and address of such owner, the number of Equity Office shares
owned and a description of the manner in which such Equity
Office shares are held.
In addition, a holder of record of
Equity Office shares to whom the foregoing requirement applies
who holds his Equity Office shares as nominee for another person
or entity which is required to include in gross income the
dividends received on such shares must also give notice of the
name and address of such person or entity and the number of
Equity Office shares of such person or entity with respect to
which such holder of record is nominee.
In addition, each
record, beneficial and constructive holder of Equity Office
shares is required, upon demand of Equity Office, to disclose to
Equity Office in writing any information with respect to the
direct, indirect and constructive ownership of Equity Office
shares as the Equity Office board of trustees deems necessary to
comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
applicable to REITs, to comply with the requirements of any
taxing authority or governmental agency or to determine any such
compliance.


The Equity Office declaration of trust contains an additional
limitation on the ownership by non-U.S. persons of Equity Office
common and preferred shares issued by Equity Office in the
future.
This limitation restricts the direct or indirect
acquisition or ownership of Equity Office shares if, as a result
of the acquisition or ownership, non-U.S. persons would own
directly or indirectly 43% or more of the fair market value of
the issued and outstanding Equity Office shares.
If any
transfers of Equity Office shares occur that would result in
non-U.S. persons owning directly or indirectly 43% or more of
the fair market value of the issued and outstanding Equity
Office shares as described above, then the number of shares that
would cause a non-U.S. person to violate this restriction are
automatically transferred to a charitable trust, or if transfer
to a charitable trust would not be effective to prevent
violation of this restriction, then the transfer of shares will
be void.


As part of the merger, the Equity Office declaration of trust
will be amended to allow for the exemption of series of
preferred shares issued in any merger from ownership limitations
or restrictions on transfer under specified circumstances.
See
“The Merger Agreement — Amendments to Equity
Office’s Declaration of Trust as Part of the Merger”
beginning on page 71.


The foregoing restrictions on ownership and transferability
would not apply if the Equity Office board of trustees were to
determine that it is no longer in the best interests of Equity
Office to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a
REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.


REIT Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions
Applicable to Equity Office Series E, F, G and H Preferred
Shares

Instead of being governed by the foregoing restrictions, the
Equity Office series E, F, G and H preferred shares
will have ownership limitations and transfer restrictions
identical to those contained in the articles supplementary for
the corresponding Spieker series B, C, D and E
preferred stock.


Under the articles supplementary for the Equity Office
series E through series H preferred shares, no holder
of series E, F, G and H preferred shares may own more
than 9.9% of the value of the outstanding Equity Office common
shares and preferred shares.
If the issuance or transfer of
series E, F, G and H preferred shares to any person
would cause that person to exceed the ownership limit (unless a
waiver of the Equity Office board of trustees has been
obtained), would cause Equity Office to be beneficially owned by
fewer than 100 persons or would cause Equity Office to
become “closely held” under Section 856(h) of the
Internal Revenue Code, the issuance or transfer will be null and
void and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to the
shares.




Series E, F, G and H preferred shares involved in a
transfer or change in capital structure that results in a person
owning in excess of the ownership limit (unless a waiver of the
Equity Office board of trustees has been obtained) or would
cause Equity Office to become “closely held” within
the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code
will automatically be exchanged for excess preferred shares of
the same series as the shares intended to be transferred.
All
excess preferred shares will be transferred, without action by
the shareholder, to Equity Office as trustee of a trust for the
exclusive benefit of the transferee or transferees to whom the
excess preferred shares are ultimately transferred.


While the excess preferred shares are held in trust, they will
not be entitled to vote, they will not be considered for
purposes of any shareholder vote or the determination of a
quorum for a shareholder vote and they will not be entitled to
participate in any distributions made by Equity Office or upon
liquidation.
Equity Office has the right, for a period of
90 days during the time the excess preferred shares are
held by Equity Office in trust, to purchase all or any portion
of the excess preferred shares from the intended transferee at
the lesser of the price paid for the shares by the intended
transferee and the closing market price for the shares on the
date Equity Office exercises its option to purchase.


All certificates representing series E, F, G and H
preferred shares will bear a legend referring to the
restrictions described above.


All holders of series E, F, G and H preferred shares
who own of record more than 5% of the outstanding Equity Office
common shares and preferred shares, or 1% if there are more than
200 but fewer than 2,000 shareholders or one-half of 1% if there
are 200 or less shareholders of record, must file an affidavit
with Equity Office containing the information specified in the
articles supplementary for the class or series of shares owned
by the filing holder within 30 days after January 1 of
each year.
In addition, each series E, F, G and H
preferred shareholder will upon demand be required to disclose
to Equity Office in writing information with respect to the
direct, indirect and constructive ownership of shares as the
Equity Office board of trustees deems necessary to determine
Equity Office’s status as a REIT and to ensure compliance
with the ownership limit.


Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for the Equity Office common
and preferred shares is EquiServe LP.


Anti-Takeover Considerations

Maryland law and the Equity Office declaration of trust and
bylaws contain a number of provisions that may have the effect
of discouraging transactions that involve an actual or
threatened change of control of Equity Office.
For a description
of these provisions, see “Comparison of Shareholder
Rights — Classification of the Board” on
page 92, “— Number of Trustees/ Directors;
Removal of Trustees/ Directors; Vacancies” beginning on
page 92, “— Duties of Trustees and
Directors” beginning on page 95,
“— Maryland Elective Provisions” beginning
on page 96, “— Call of Special Meetings of
Shareholders” on page 97,
“— Shareholder Action by Written Consent” on
page 97, “— Advance Notice Provisions for
Shareholder Nominations and Shareholder New Business
Proposals” on page 98, “— Amendment of
the Equity Office Declaration of Trust and Spieker Charter”
beginning on page 98, “— Amendment of the
Bylaws” on page 99, “— Business
Combinations with Interested Shareholders” on
page 101, “— Control Share
Acquisitions” beginning on page 101 and
“— Other Constituencies” on page 102.

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS


The following is a summary of the material differences between
the rights of Equity Office shareholders and Spieker
stockholders.
As a Maryland real estate investment trust, Equity
Office is subject to the Maryland REIT Law.
The Maryland REIT
Law covers some of the same matters covered by the Maryland
General Corporation Law, including liabilities of trustees and
officers, amendment of the declaration of trust and mergers of a
Maryland real estate investment trust with other entities.
There
are



many corporate governance matters that are addressed in the
Maryland General Corporation Law, however, that are not dealt
with in the Maryland REIT Law.
It is the general practice of
Maryland real estate investment trusts to address some of these
matters through provisions in the declaration of trust or
bylaws.
As a Maryland corporation, Spieker is subject to the
Maryland General Corporation Law.


The following discussion is not intended to be complete and is
qualified by reference to the declaration of trust and bylaws of
Equity Office, the charter and bylaws of Spieker and applicable
Maryland law.
The declaration of trust and bylaws of Equity
Office and the charter and bylaws of Spieker are incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and will be
sent to holders of Equity Office common shares and Spieker
common and preferred stock upon request.
See “Where You Can
Find More Information” beginning on page 108.


Authorized Shares

Equity Office.
 
The authorized shares of beneficial
interest of Equity Office consist of 750,000,000 common shares,
$.01 par value per share, and 100,000,000 preferred shares, of
which 8,000,000 shares are designated as 8.98% series A
cumulative redeemable preferred shares, 7,000,000 shares are
designated as 5.25% series B convertible cumulative
preferred shares and 4,600,000 shares are designated as
8 5/8% series C cumulative redeemable preferred shares.


Under the Equity Office declaration of trust, the Equity Office
board of trustees has the authority to issue authorized but
unissued common shares or preferred shares in one or more
classes or series without shareholder approval.
The Equity
Office board of trustees also is authorized to reclassify
authorized but unissued common shares into preferred shares, and
authorized but unissued preferred shares into common shares,
without shareholder approval.


Subject to an express provision to the contrary in the terms of
any class or series of authorized shares, under the Equity
Office declaration of trust the board of trustees also has the
power to divide or combine the outstanding shares of any class
or series, without shareholder approval.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, under the articles supplementary
establishing the outstanding series A, B and C preferred shares
of Equity Office, the board of trustees may not authorize,
create or increase the authorized amount of any class or series
of shares ranking before the outstanding series A, B
and C preferred shares with respect to the payment of
distributions or upon liquidation, without the approval of
holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of these series
of preferred shares voting together as a single class.


At           ,
2001, there were issued and outstanding  Equity Office
common shares, 7,994,000 Equity Office series A preferred
shares, 6,000,000 Equity Office series B preferred shares
and 4,562,900 Equity Office series C preferred shares.


Before completion of the merger, Equity Office will file
articles supplementary to its declaration of trust to provide
for the designation of the preferred shares to be issued in the
merger, of which 4,250,000 will be classified as series E
preferred shares, 6,000,000 will be classified as series F
preferred shares, 1,500,000 will be classified as series G
preferred shares, and 4,000,000 will be classified as
series H preferred shares.
Equity Office also will provide
for the designation of a corresponding number of excess
preferred shares for each newly established series of preferred
shares.
The Equity Office series E, F, G and H
preferred shares issued in the merger will have preferences,
conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions,
limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms or
conditions of redemption identical to those of the shares of the
corresponding series of Spieker preferred stock.


Spieker.
 
The authorized shares of capital stock of
Spieker consist of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock, par
value $.0001 per share, of which 649,000,000 are classified as
Spieker common stock, 2,000,000 are classified as class B
common stock, par value $.0001 per share, 1,500,000 are
classified as class C common stock, par value $.0001 per
share, 1,000,000 are classified as series A preferred
stock, par value $.0001 per share, 5,000,000 are classified as
series B preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share,
6,000,000 are classified as series C preferred stock, par
value $.0001 per share, 1,500,000 are classified as series D



preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share, 4,000,000 are
classified as series E preferred stock, par value $.0001
per share, and 330,000,000 are classified as excess stock.


Subject to limitations prescribed by Maryland law and the
Spieker charter, the Spieker board of directors is authorized to
reclassify any unissued portion of the authorized shares of
capital stock into other classes or series of common stock or
preferred stock.
The Spieker board may also establish the number
of shares in each class or series, fix the designation and any
preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and
terms and conditions of redemption.


Except as described above, the articles supplementary
establishing the outstanding series B, C and E preferred
stock of Spieker do not permit the Spieker board of directors to
authorize, reclassify, create or increase the authorized amount
of any class of stock having rights senior to those series of
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends or
amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
affairs of Spieker without the approval of holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of those series of preferred stock,
each voting together as a single class.


At
            ,
 2001, there were issued and outstanding
          shares
 of Spieker common stock, 4,250,000 shares of series B
preferred stock, 6,000,000 shares of series C preferred
stock, 4,000,000 shares of series E preferred stock, no
shares of class B common stock, no shares of series A
preferred stock and no shares of excess stock.
In addition,
Spieker also has reserved 1,500,000 shares of Series D
preferred stock for issuance upon conversion of series D
preferred units in Spieker Partnership.


Voting Rights

Equity Office.
 
Each holder of Equity Office common shares
is entitled to one vote per share and to the same and identical
voting rights as other holders of Equity Office common shares.

Holders of Equity Office common shares do not have cumulative
voting rights.
Except as provided in articles supplementary
establishing a series of Equity Office preferred shares or
required by law, holders of Equity Office preferred shares do
not have any voting rights.
For a description of the voting
rights of holders of outstanding series A, B and C
preferred shares, see “Description of Equity Office Shares
of Beneficial Interest — Preferred Shares —
Voting Rights of Series A, B and C Preferred Shares”
beginning on page 82.


Spieker.
 
Each holder of Spieker common stock is entitled
to one vote per share and to the same and identical voting
rights as other holders of Spieker common stock.
Holders of
Spieker common stock do not have cumulative voting rights.

Except as provided by law or in the articles supplementary
establishing the series of Spieker preferred stock, holders of
Spieker series B, C, D and E preferred stock do not
have voting rights.


Classification of the Board

Equity Office.
 
The Maryland REIT Law permits a Maryland
real estate investment trust’s board of trustees to be
divided into up to three classes with staggered terms of office.

The Equity Office declaration of trust divides the Equity Office
board of trustees into three classes, with classes being elected
to three-year terms on a rotating basis.


Spieker.
 
The Maryland General Corporation Law permits a
Maryland corporation to divide its board of directors into
classes with staggered terms of office so long as the term of
office of at least one class expires each year.
Spieker’s
board of directors is divided into three classes, with classes
being elected to three-year terms on a rotating basis.


Number of Trustees/ Directors; Removal of Trustees/
Directors; Vacancies

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office declaration of trust
currently provides for a minimum of nine and a maximum of 15
trustees, with the number of trustees within this range
established by a majority vote of the board of trustees as
provided in the Equity Office bylaws.
As part of the merger, the
Equity Office declaration of trust will be amended to, among
other things, increase the maximum number of trustees from 15 to
16.
Under the Equity Office bylaws, except during the period in
which a vacancy exists, at least



two-thirds of the Equity Office trustees must be persons who are
not executive officers of Equity Office or persons affiliated
with Samuel Zell or his affiliates.


Under the Equity Office declaration of trust, subject to the
rights of one or more classes or series of preferred shares to
elect one or more trustees, a trustee may be removed at any
time, but only with cause, at a meeting of the shareholders by
the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority
of the shares then outstanding and entitled to vote generally in
the election of trustees.


Under the Equity Office declaration of trust, subject to the
rights of holders of any class or series of preferred shares,
each vacancy on the board of trustees, including a vacancy
resulting from an increase in the number of trustees, may be
filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
remaining trustees in office, even if the remaining trustees do
not constitute a quorum.
Any trustee elected to fill a vacancy
will hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class
of trustees in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor
is elected and qualifies.


The holders of the outstanding shares of series A, B
and C preferred shares of Equity Office are entitled,
voting together as a single class, to elect a total of two
trustees to the Equity Office board of trustees at any time
distributions on the preferred shares were in arrears for six or
more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive.


Spieker.
 
Spieker’s charter provides that the number
of directors shall be three members which may be increased or
decreased by at least a majority of the board of directors
pursuant to Spieker’s bylaws.
Spieker’s bylaws provide
that two-thirds of the entire board of directors may alter the
number of directors set by Spieker’s charter.
The minimum
number of directors permitted under Spieker’s charter and
bylaws is three and the maximum is 25.
The current size of
Spieker’s board of directors is seven.
Spieker’s
charter provides that directors may be removed from office at
any time, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative
vote of 80% of the combined voting power of all classes of
shares of capital stock entitled to vote in the election for
directors.
Spieker’s bylaws provide that cause, for these
purposes, is defined as:

• 

	Conviction of a felony;

• 

	Declaration of unsound mind by order of a court;

• 

	Gross dereliction of duty;

• 

	Conviction of any act involving moral turpitude; or

• 

	Commission of an act that constitutes intentional misconduct or
	a knowing violation of law if the action in either event results
	both in an improper substantial personal benefit to the director
	and in a material injury to Spieker.


Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of stock
separately entitled to elect one or more directors, vacancies on
Spieker’s board which result from the removal of a director
may be filled by the vote of Spieker stockholders or by majority
vote of the entire board of directors.
Subject to the rights of
the holders of any series of stock separately entitled to elect
one or more directors, a majority of remaining directors,
whether or not constituting a quorum, may fill a vacancy on the
Spieker board of directors resulting from any cause except an
increase in the number of directors.
A majority of the entire
board of directors may fill a vacancy on the Spieker board
resulting from an increase in the number of directors.


If six quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive, payable
on shares of series B preferred stock are in arrears, whether or
not earned or declared, the number of directors then
constituting the board of directors will be increased by two,
and the holders of shares of series B preferred stock,
voting together as a class, will have the right to elect two
additional directors at any annual meeting of the stockholders
or a properly called meeting of the holders of series B
preferred stock until all of the dividends have been declared
and paid or set aside for payment.
The term of office of all
directors so elected shall be terminated with the termination of
such voting rights.




Limitation of Trustee/ Director and Officer Liability

Equity Office.
 
Under Maryland law, the declaration of
trust of a Maryland real estate investment trust may include a
provision expanding or limiting the liability of its trustees
and officers to the trust or its shareholders for money damages
but may not include a provision which restricts or limits the
liability of its trustees or officers to the trust or its
shareholders to the extent that:

• 

	it is proved that the person actually received an improper
	benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount
	of the benefit or profit in money, property or services actually
	received; or

• 

	a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the person is
	entered in a proceeding based on a finding that the
	person’s action, or failure to act, was the result of
	active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause
	of action adjudicated in the proceeding.


The Equity Office declaration of trust provides that, to the
maximum extent that Maryland law permits, no trustee or officer
of Equity Office shall be liable to Equity Office or to any
shareholder for money damages.


Spieker.
 
Maryland law permits a corporation to include in
its charter any provision expanding or limiting the liability of
its directors and officers to the corporation or its
stockholders for money damages, subject to the same limitations
described above for a Maryland real estate investment trust.

Spieker’s charter provides that to the fullest extent
permitted by Maryland law, no director or officer shall be
personally liable to Spieker or its stockholders for money
damages.


Indemnification

Equity Office.
 
Maryland law generally permits a Maryland
real estate investment trust to indemnify any person made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding by reason of the fact that the person is or was a
trustee, officer, employee or agent of the trust or any
predecessor entity, or is or was serving at the request of the
trust or predecessor entity as a director, officer, partner,
trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, other enterprise or employee benefit plan,
unless it is established that:

• 

	the act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to
	the proceeding and either was committed in bad faith or was the
	result of active and deliberate dishonesty;

• 

	the person actually received an improper personal benefit in
	money, property or services; or

• 

	in the case of any criminal proceeding, the person had
	reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was
	unlawful.


Under Maryland law, indemnity may be provided against judgments,
penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually
incurred by the person in connection with the proceeding.
The
indemnification may be provided, however, only if authorized for
a specific proceeding after a determination has been made that
indemnification is permissible in the circumstances because the
person met the applicable standard of conduct.
This
determination is required to be made:

• 

	by the board of trustees by a majority vote of a quorum
	consisting of trustees not, at the time, parties to the
	proceeding;

• 

	if a quorum cannot be obtained, then by a majority vote of a
	committee of the board consisting solely of two or more trustees
	not, at the time, parties to the proceeding;

• 

	by special legal counsel; or

• 

	by the shareholders.


If the proceeding is one by or in the right of the trust,
indemnification may not be provided as to any proceeding in
which the person is found liable to the trust.




A Maryland real estate investment trust may pay, before final
disposition, the expenses, including attorneys’ fees,
incurred by a trustee, officer, employee or agent in defending a
proceeding.
Under Maryland law, expenses may be advanced to a
trustee or officer when the trustee or officer gives an
undertaking to the trust to repay the amounts advanced if it is
ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to
indemnification.
Maryland law does not require that the
undertaking be secured and the undertaking may be accepted
without reference to the financial ability of the trustee or
officer to repay the advance.
A Maryland trust is required to
indemnify any trustee who has been successful, on the merits or
otherwise, in defense of a proceeding for reasonable expenses.

The determination as to reasonableness of expenses is required
to be made in the same manner as required for indemnification.


Under the Maryland REIT Law, the indemnification and advancement
of expenses provided by statute are not exclusive of any other
rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement
of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of
shareholders, vote of trustees or otherwise.


Under the Equity Office bylaws, Equity Office is required to
indemnify and advance expenses to present and former trustees
and officers, and may indemnify employees and agents, of Equity
Office and its predecessors.
The Equity Office bylaws also
provide for mandatory indemnification and advancement of
expenses to present and former shareholders of Equity Office or
its predecessors made a party to a proceeding by reason of their
status.


The limited partnership agreement of EOP Partnership also
provides for indemnification of Equity Office and its officers
and trustees to the same extent that indemnification is provided
to officers and trustees of Equity Office in its declaration of
trust, and limits the liability of Equity Office and its
officers and trustees to EOP Partnership and its respective
partners to the same extent that the Equity Office declaration
of trust limits the liability of the officers and trustees of
Equity Office to Equity Office and its shareholders.


Spieker.
 
The Maryland General Corporation Law allows
corporations such as Spieker to indemnify any person who was or
is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action or suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee,
partner, trustee, or agent of another foreign or domestic
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, other
enterprise, on the same terms and subject to the same
limitations as described above for a Maryland real estate
investment trust.


The Spieker charter provides that Spieker shall provide any
indemnification permitted by Maryland law and shall indemnify:

• 

	Directors and officers, whether serving Spieker or at its
	request any other entity, to the full extent required or
	permitted by Maryland law, including the advance of expenses
	under the procedures and to the full extent permitted by law; and

• 

	Employees and agents, whether serving Spieker or at its request
	any other entity, to the extent authorized by the Spieker board
	of directors or the bylaws and permitted by law.


Duties of Trustees and Directors

Equity Office and Spieker.
 
Maryland law provides
protection for Maryland corporations and Maryland real estate
investment trusts against unsolicited takeovers by protecting
the board of directors or board of trustees with regard to
actions taken in a takeover context.
Maryland law provides that
the duties of directors and trustees will not require them to:

• 

	accept, recommend, or respond to any proposal by a person
	seeking to acquire control;

• 

	authorize the real estate investment trust to redeem any rights
	under, modify, or render inapplicable a shareholder rights plan;



• 

        make a determination under the Maryland Business Combination
        Statute or the Control Share Acquisition Statute, as described
        below;

• 

        elect to be subject to any or all of the “elective
        provisions” described below; or

• 

        act or fail to act solely because of:

—

        the effect the act or failure to act may have on an acquisition
        or potential acquisition of control; or

—

        the amount or type of consideration that may be offered or paid
        to shareholders in an acquisition.


Maryland law also establishes a presumption that the act of a
director or trustee satisfies the required standard of care.
In
the case of a Maryland corporation, a director must perform his
or her duties in good faith, in a manner that is in the best
interests of the corporation and with the care of an ordinarily
prudent person under similar circumstances.
In the case of a
Maryland real estate investment trust, the standard of care is
not explicitly addressed in the statute.
In addition, an act of
a director or trustee relating to or affecting an acquisition or
a potential acquisition of control is not subject under Maryland
law to a higher duty or greater scrutiny than is applied to any
other act of a director or trustee.
This provision creates a
Maryland rule which is less exacting than case law in many other
jurisdictions which (a) imposes an enhanced level of
scrutiny when a board implements anti-takeover measures in a
change of control context, and (b) shifts the burden of
proof to directors to show that the defensive mechanism adopted
by a board is reasonable in relation to the threat posed.


Maryland law also provides that the duty of a trustee is only
enforceable by the trust or in the right of the trust.
A
shareholder suit to enforce the duty of a trustee, therefore,
can only be brought derivatively.


Maryland Elective Provisions

Equity Office and Spieker.
 
Maryland legislation enacted
in 1999 allows publicly held Maryland corporations and Maryland
real estate investment trusts to elect to be governed by all or
any part of Maryland law provisions relating to extraordinary
actions and unsolicited takeovers.
The election to be governed
by one or more of these provisions can be made by a Maryland
real estate investment trust in its declaration of trust or
bylaws or by resolution adopted by the board of trustees so long
as the trust or corporation has at least three trustees or
directors, as applicable, who, at the time of electing to be
subject to the provisions are not:

• 

        officers or employees of the trust or corporation;

• 

        persons seeking to acquire control of the trust or corporation;

• 

        directors, officers, affiliates or associates of any person
        seeking to acquire control; or

• 

        nominated or designated as trustees or directors by a person
        seeking to acquire control.


Articles supplementary must be filed with the Maryland State
Department of Assessments and Taxation if a Maryland corporation
or real estate investment trust elects to be subject to any or
all of the provisions by board resolution or bylaw amendment.

Shareholder approval is not required for the filing of articles
supplementary.


The Maryland legislation provides that a corporation or real
estate investment trust can elect to be subject to all or any
portion of the following provisions notwithstanding any contrary
provisions contained in the trust’s existing declaration of
trust or bylaws:

• 

Classified Board:
 The corporation or real estate
        investment trust may divide its board into three classes which,
        to the extent possible, will have the same number of directors
        or trustees, as applicable, the terms of which will expire at
        the third annual meeting of shareholders after the election of
        each such class;



• 

Two-Thirds Shareholder Vote to Remove Trustees or Directors
	Only for Cause:
 The shareholders may remove any trustee or
	director, as applicable, only by the affirmative vote of at
	least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast by the
	shareholders generally in the election of directors, but a
	trustee or director may not be removed without cause;

• 

Size of Board Fixed by Vote of Board:
 The number of
	directors or trustees, as applicable, will be fixed only by
	resolution of the board;

• 

Board Vacancies Filled by the Board for the Remaining
	Term:
 Vacancies that result from an increase in the size of
	the board, or the death, resignation, or removal of a trustee or
	director, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a
	majority of the remaining trustees or directors even if they do
	not constitute a quorum.
Trustees or directors elected to fill
	vacancies shall hold office for the remainder of the full term
	of the class of trustees or directors in which the vacancy
	occurred, as opposed to until the next annual meeting of
	shareholders, and until a successor is elected and qualifies; and

• 

Shareholder Calls of Special Meetings:
 Special meetings
	of shareholders shall be called by the secretary of the
	corporation or real estate investment trust only upon the
	written request of shareholders entitled to cast at least a
	majority of all votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.


In response to the 1999 legislation, Equity Office elected to be
governed by the provisions of the Maryland code relating to the
filling of board vacancies for the remainder of the term as
described above.
However, even prior to the 1999 legislation,
the Equity Office declaration of trust and/or bylaws, as
applicable, already provided for a classified board, that the
number of trustees was to be determined by a resolution of the
board, subject to a minimum and maximum number, and that the
secretary of Equity Office must call a special meeting of
shareholders only upon the written request of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding securities entitled to vote.


Spieker has not elected to be governed by the specific
provisions of the 1999 legislation.
However, Spieker’s
charter and/or bylaws, as applicable, already provide for a
classified board, that the number of directors is to be
determined by a resolution of the board, subject to a minimum
and maximum number, and that the secretary of Spieker must call
a special meeting of stockholders only upon the written request
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding securities
entitled to vote.


Call of Special Meetings of Shareholders

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office bylaws provide that
special meetings of shareholders may be called by the chairman
of the board, the president or one-third of the trustees.

Special meetings of shareholders also may be called by the
holders of shares entitled to cast not less than a majority of
all the votes entitled to be cast at a special meeting of
shareholders.


Spieker.
 
Spieker’s bylaws provide that special
meetings of the stockholders may be called by the chairman of
the board, the president or a majority of the board and by the
secretary upon the written request of stockholders holding at
least a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.


Shareholder Action by Written Consent

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office bylaws permit any action
required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of shareholders
to be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting
forth the action to be taken, is signed by shareholders entitled
to cast a sufficient number of votes to approve the matter.


Spieker.
 
Spieker’s bylaws also allow any action
required or allowed to be taken at a stockholder’s meeting
to be taken without a meeting if there is unanimous written
consent which sets forth the action and is signed by each
stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and a written waiver
of any right to dissent is signed by each stockholder entitled
to notice of the meeting but not entitled to vote at it.




Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder Nominations and
Shareholder New Business Proposals

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office bylaws require advance
written notice for shareholders to nominate a trustee or bring
other business before a meeting of shareholders.


For an annual meeting, a shareholder must deliver notice to the
secretary of Equity Office not later than the close of business
on the 60th day nor earlier than the close of business on the
90th day before the first anniversary of the preceding
year’s annual meeting.
However, if the date of the annual
meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more
than 60 days from the applicable anniversary date of the
prior year’s annual meeting, or the meeting is a special
meeting of shareholders at which trustees will be elected,
notice by the shareholder must be given not earlier than the
close of business on the 90th day before the meeting and not
later than the close of business on the later of the 60th day
before the meeting or the tenth day following the day on which
public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made by
Equity Office.


The Equity Office bylaws contain detailed requirements for the
contents of shareholder notices of trustee nominations and new
business.


Spieker.
 
The Spieker bylaws require advance written
notice for shareholders to nominate a director or bring other
business before a meeting of shareholders.


For an annual meeting, a shareholder must deliver notice to the
secretary of Spieker not less than 60 days nor more than
90 days before the first anniversary of the preceding
year’s annual meting.
However, if the date of the annual
meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more
than 60 days from the anniversary date, notice by the
shareholder must be delivered not earlier than the 90th day
before the annual meeting and not later than the close of
business on the later of the 60th day before the annual meeting
or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement
of the date of the annual meeting is first made.
In the case of
a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of
electing directors, notice must be given not later than the
close of business on the 10th day following the day on which
notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public
disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made,
whichever occurs first.


The Spieker bylaws contain detailed requirements for the
contents of shareholder notices of director nominations and new
business.


Amendment of the Equity Office Declaration of Trust and
Spieker Charter

Equity Office.
 
Under Maryland law and the Equity Office
declaration of trust, the trustees, by a two-thirds vote, may at
any time amend the declaration of trust solely to enable Equity
Office to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code or
as a real estate investment trust under Maryland law, without
action by Equity Office shareholders.
The Equity Office board of
trustees also may amend the declaration of trust to set the
terms of one or more series of preferred shares without action
by holders of Equity Office common shares.
Other amendments to
the declaration of trust must first be declared advisable by the
board of trustees and thereafter must be approved by
shareholders by the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds
of all votes entitled to be cast, or, in the case of amendments
to the declaration of trust in connection with mergers and other
specified business combinations or that involve an increase or
decrease in the number of authorized common shares or preferred
shares, not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be
cast.


Under the articles supplementary for the series A, B and C
preferred shares of Equity Office, the approval of holders of
each preferred series by a two-thirds class vote would be
required for:

• 

	the authorization, creation or increase in the authorized or
	issued amount of any class or series of Equity Office shares
	ranking before the outstanding preferred series as to
	distributions or upon liquidation; or



• 

	any amendment, alteration or repeal of provisions of the
	declaration of trust, whether by merger, consolidation, or
	otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right,
	preferences, privileges or voting power of the outstanding
	series of preferred shares.


Spieker.
 
General amendments to Spieker’s charter are
governed by the provisions of the Maryland General Corporation
Law.
Spieker’s charter expressly provides, however, that
Spieker’s board of directors may determine the rights,
preferences, privileges, designations and other characteristics
of classes and series of Spieker’s stock.
Under the
Maryland General Corporation Law, general amendments to
Spieker’s charter require Spieker’s board of directors
to adopt a resolution which sets forth the proposed amendment,
declare that it is advisable and direct that the proposed
amendment be submitted for consideration at either an annual or
special meeting of the stockholders entitled to vote to approve
the amendment.


Spieker’s charter requires that any proposed amendment to
the charter will become effective only upon the affirmative vote
of the holders of not less than a majority of all votes entitled
to be cast on the matter.
However, any amendment to, repeal of
or adoption of any provision inconsistent with those provisions
of the charter relating to:

• 

	the number, the selection and the removal of members of the
	board of directors,

• 

	the board’s review of business combination transactions,

• 

	shareholder proposals or

• 

	the amendment of the charter,

will be effective only if it is adopted upon the affirmative
vote of not less than 80% of the aggregate votes entitled to be
cast on the proposed amendment.


The Maryland General Corporation Law provides holders of classes
or series of Spieker’s preferred stock a right to vote as a
class or series on amendments to Spieker’s charter,
regardless of limitations on the voting rights of the class or
series, if the amendment would alter or change any preference or
relative or other right given to the class or series.


Amendment of the Bylaws

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office bylaws provide that the
power to amend, repeal or adopt new bylaws is vested exclusively
with the board of trustees, except that any amendments by the
board of trustees to the bylaw provisions relating to meetings
of shareholders, the minimum and maximum number of trustees, and
the requirement that at least two-thirds of the trustees must be
persons who are not executive officers of Equity Office or
persons affiliated with Samuel Zell or his affiliates are
subject to the approval of shareholders by vote of a majority of
the votes cast.


Spieker.
 
The bylaws provide that amendments to the bylaws
may be adopted either by holders of record of not less than 80%
of votes entitled to be cast by the outstanding shares of
Spieker capital stock generally in the election of directors or
by a vote of two-thirds of Spieker’s board.


Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets

Equity Office.
 
Under the Maryland REIT Law, a merger
involving a Maryland real estate investment trust generally
requires approval by the affirmative vote of not less than
two-thirds of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter,
unless the declaration of trust specifies a greater or lesser
percentage, but not less than a majority of all votes entitled
to be cast.
No shareholder approval is required for 90% owned
subsidiary mergers or by shareholders of a Maryland successor
trust if the merger does not reclassify or change the
outstanding shares or otherwise amend the declaration of trust
and the number of shares to be issued in the merger is not more
than 20% of the number of its shares of the same class or series
outstanding immediately before the merger is completed.
The
Equity Office declaration of trust specifies



that the affirmative vote of shareholders of not less than a
majority of all votes entitled to be cast is required to approve
mergers for which a shareholder vote is required under Maryland
law.


The Maryland REIT Law does not address the requirements for the
approval by shareholders of a consolidation or sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of a real estate investment
trust.
However, the Equity Office declaration of trust requires
that a majority of the Equity Office shares entitled to vote on
the matter must approve a consolidation of Equity Office into
one or more other entities or the sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of Equity Office outside the ordinary course
of business.
Under the Equity Office declaration of trust, the
mortgage, pledge or other creation of a security interest in any
or all of the assets of Equity Office, whether or not in the
ordinary course of business, as well as the sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of Equity Office to a majority
owned subsidiary or as a distribution to shareholders, is not
deemed to be a sale requiring shareholder approval.


Spieker.
 
Under the Maryland General Corporation Law,
Spieker may approve a consolidation, merger, share exchange or
transfer of assets by adopting a resolution that declares the
proposed transaction is advisable on substantially the terms and
conditions set forth in the resolution and directing that the
proposed transaction be submitted for consideration at either an
annual or special meeting of the stockholders.
Notice which
states that a purpose of the meeting will be to act on the
proposed consolidation, merger, share exchange or transfer of
assets must be provided to each stockholder entitled to vote on
the proposed transaction and to each stockholder not entitled to
vote on the proposed transaction, except the stockholders of a
successor in a merger if the merger does not alter the contract
rights of their stock as expressly provided in the charter.


Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, a proposed merger
ordinarily requires the approval of stockholders by the
affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to vote
on the proposed merger.
However, as permitted by the Maryland
General Corporation Law, Spieker’s charter provides that
any proposed action requiring, under Maryland law, the
affirmative vote of more than a majority of all the votes
entitled to vote on the proposed action shall be valid and
effective if authorized under the charter by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the total number of votes entitled to vote
on the proposed action, except as otherwise provided in the
charter.
Spieker’s charter does not contain a provision
requiring the affirmative vote of more than a majority of all
votes entitled to vote on any proposed merger.


Approval of a merger by Spieker’s stockholder’s is not
required if: (a) the merger does not reclassify or change
the terms of any class or series of stock that is outstanding
immediately before the merger becomes effective or otherwise
amend its charter and (b) the number of shares of its stock
of such class or series outstanding immediately after the
effective time of the merger does not increase by more than 20%
of the number of its shares of the class or series of stock that
is outstanding immediately before the merger becomes effective,
or there is no stock outstanding or subscribed for and entitled
to be voted on the merger.


Spieker’s charter provides that the board of directors
will, in connection with the exercise of its business judgement
involving a business combination or any actual or proposed
transaction which would or may involve a change in control of
Spieker, in determining what is in the best interests of the
Spieker stockholders, give due consideration to all relevant
factors, including, but not limited to:

• 

	all economic effect, both immediate and long-term, upon the
	Spieker stockholders including the effect of not participating
	in the transaction;

• 

	the social and economic effect on the employees, customers of,
	and others dealing with Spieker and on the communities in which
	Spieker operates or is located;

• 

	whether the proposal is acceptable based on the historical and
	current operating results or financial condition of Spieker;

• 

	the reputation and business practices of the offeror and its
	management and affiliates as they would affect the employees of
	Spieker;

• 

	the future value of the stock or any other securities of Spieker;



• 

	any antitrust or other legal and regulatory issues that are
	raised by the proposed transaction; and

• 

	the business and financial condition and earnings prospects of
	the acquiring person or entity, including, but not limited to,
	debt service and other existing financial obligations, financial
	obligations to be incurred in connection with the acquisition,
	and other likely financial obligations of the acquiring person
	or entity.


If, after considering all the relevant factors, the board
determines that the proposed business combination or actual or
proposed transaction which may involve a change in control of
Spieker should be rejected by the Spieker stockholders, the
board may take any lawful action to defeat the transaction,
including but not limited to advising shareholders not to
approve the proposed transaction, instituting litigation against
the party making the proposal and obtaining a more favorable
offer from another individual or entity.


Dissolution of Equity Office or Spieker; Termination of REIT
Status

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office declaration of trust
permits the termination of the existence of Equity Office if
approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less
two-thirds of the outstanding Equity Office shares entitled to
vote on the matter.
In addition, the board of trustees may
terminate the status of Equity Office as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code for any taxable year without a vote of the
holders of Equity Office common or preferred shares.


Spieker.
 
Under the Maryland General Corporation Law,
Spieker may be dissolved if its board of directors adopts a
resolution which declares that dissolution is advisable and
directs that the proposed dissolution be submitted for
consideration at either an annual or special meeting of the
stockholders.
Notice which states that a purpose of the meeting
will be to act on the proposed dissolution must be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote on the proposed dissolution.
To be
effective, the proposed dissolution must be approved by the
stockholders by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the
votes entitled to be cast.


Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders

The Maryland Business Combination Act provides that, unless
exempted, a Maryland real estate investment trust or corporation
may not engage in business combinations, including mergers,
dispositions of 10% or more of its assets, issuances of shares
and other specified transactions, with an “interested
shareholder” or its affiliates, for five years after the
most recent date on which the interested shareholder became an
interested shareholder.
Thereafter, unless specified “price
criteria” and other standards are met or an exemption is
available, a business combination with an interested shareholder
or its affiliates must be recommended by the board of trustees
and approved by (a) at least 80% of the outstanding voting
shares and (b) at least two-thirds of the outstanding
voting shares, other than voting shares held by the interested
shareholder or any of its affiliates.
Under the statute, an
“interested shareholder” generally is defined to mean
a person or group which owns beneficially, directly or
indirectly, 10% or more of the outstanding voting shares of the
real estate investment trust.
These requirements do not apply to
a business combination with an interested shareholder or its
affiliates if approved by the board of trustees before the time
the interested shareholder first became an interested
shareholder.


The Equity Office board of trustees has elected by resolution to
exempt from the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination
Act any business combination with any person.
However, this
resolution, by its terms, may be altered or repealed at any
time, in whole or in part, by the board of trustees.
The Spieker
board of directors has elected by resolution to exempt from the
provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act the proposed
merger.


Control Share Acquisitions

The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that shares
of a Maryland real estate investment trust or corporation that
are acquired in a “control share acquisition,” which
is defined as the



acquisition of shares comprising one-fifth, one-third or a
majority of all voting shares, have no voting rights except:

• 

	if approved by shareholders by the affirmative vote of
	two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter,
	excluding all “interested shares”; or

• 

	if the acquisition of the shares has been approved or exempted
	at any time before the acquisition of the shares.


The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act is applicable to a
publicly traded Maryland real estate investment trust or
corporation unless its charter or bylaws specifically provides
that it shall be inapplicable.


The Equity Office bylaws provide that the Maryland Control Share
Act shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares
of Equity Office.
Any amendment to this provision by the board
of trustees would require the approval of shareholders by a vote
of a majority of the votes cast.
See “— Amendment
of the Bylaws” on page 99.
Neither Spieker’s
bylaws nor its charter contain such an opt-out provision.


Other Constituencies

Equity Office and Spieker.
 
Maryland law expressly
codifies the authority of Maryland real estate investment trusts
and Maryland corporations to include in their charters a
provision that allows the board of trustees or board of
directors to consider the effect of a potential acquisition of
control on shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers,
creditors and communities in which offices or other
establishments of the trust are located.
The Equity Office
declaration of trust does not include a provision of this type.

Maryland law also provides, however, that the inclusion or
omission of this type of provision in the declaration of trust
of a Maryland real estate investment trust allowing the board of
trustees to consider the effect of a potential acquisition of
control on the foregoing constituencies does not create an
inference concerning factors that may be considered by the board
of trustees regarding a potential acquisition of control.
As
described above in “— Mergers, Consolidations and
Sales of Assets — Spieker” beginning on
page 99, Spieker’s charter includes a provision
allowing the board of directors to consider other constituencies
in their consideration of a merger proposal.


Dissenters’ Rights

Equity Office and Spieker.
 
Maryland law applicable to
Maryland real estate investment trusts provides dissenters’
rights for any shareholder who objects to a merger to the same
extent as a Maryland corporation’s stockholders would enjoy
dissenters’ rights.
Therefore, shareholders of both Equity
Office and Spieker have the same statutory dissenters’
rights.
A shareholder has the right to demand and receive
payment of the fair value of his or her shares, unless:

• 

	the shares are listed on a national securities exchange or are
	designated as a national market security on the interdealer
	quotation system of the National Association of Securities
	Dealers, Inc. on the record date for determining shareholders
	entitled to vote on the merger; or

• 

	the shares are those of a successor entity, as long as the
	merger does not alter the contract rights of the shares as
	expressly provided by the declaration of trust and the shares
	are converted in whole or in part in the merger into stock,
	including preferred stock, of the successor entity or cash,
	scrip, or other rights or interests arising out of the treatment
	of fractional shares.


Distributions

Equity Office.
 
The Equity Office declaration of trust
provides that the trustees will endeavor to declare and pay
distributions as necessary for Equity Office to qualify as a
REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.
However, shareholders do
not have any right to a distribution unless and until authorized
and declared by the board of trustees.
Distributions may not be
paid on the Equity Office common shares



unless all accrued but unpaid distributions on each outstanding
series of preferred shares of Equity Office have been declared
and paid or set apart for payment.
Payments of distributions by
Equity Office are not limited by any rules concerning the
capital or surplus of Equity Office or the par value of the
Equity Office shares.


Spieker.
 
The Maryland General Corporation Law provides
that the board of directors may not make a distribution of money
or property to its stockholders if the distribution would
prevent the corporation from paying its debts as they became due
in the ordinary course of business or, unless and to the extent
specifically allowed by the corporation’s charter, if after
the distribution, the corporation’s total assets would be
less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that
would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the
time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights to
distributions upon dissolution of the corporation’s
shareholders whose rights upon dissolution are superior to those
receiving the distribution.


Shareholder Rights Plans

Equity Office.
 
Equity Office has not adopted a
shareholder rights plan.


Spieker.
 
On September 9, 1998, Spieker adopted a
shareholder rights plan.
On that date, the Spieker board of
directors declared a dividend payable on September 30, 1998
of one right for each outstanding share of Spieker common stock
held of record at the close of business on September 30,
1998.
Shares of Spieker common stock issued thereafter and prior
to the separation time, as described below, will have an
attached right.
The Spieker board of directors adopted the
Rights Agreement for the purpose of protecting stockholders
against attempts to acquire control of Spieker by means of a
hostile tender offer made at less than a full and fair price and
other takeover tactics that can be used to deprive stockholders
of the ability to get a full and fair price for all of their
shares.


The separation time will occur upon the earliest of:

• 

	10 days following the date any entity commences a tender or
	exchange offer which, if completed, would result in that entity
	becoming an acquiring person, as described below.


• 

	10 days following a public announcement that an entity has
	become an acquiring person.


An acquiring person is any person or entity which beneficially
owns 15% or more of the Spieker common stock, with some
exceptions.
The Spieker board of directors may shorten or
lengthen the 10 day time period by resolution before the
expiration of the 10 day period, in which case the
separation time will be the date determined by the Spieker board
of directors.
If a tender offer or exchange offer is cancelled
or terminated before the separation time without the purchase or
exchange of any shares of Spieker common stock, the offer will
be deemed not to have been made.


Until the separation time, Spieker common stock certificates
will evidence the rights, and the rights will be transferred
with and only with the Spieker common stock.
After the
separation time, the rights agent will mail separate rights
certificates to holders of Spieker common stock, and the rights
may trade separately.


The rights will become exercisable one business day following
the separation time.
In that event, each right, other than
rights beneficially owned by the acquiring person, shall entitle
the holder to purchase for an exercise price of $140 a number of
shares of Spieker common stock having a market value of $280.


The Spieker board of directors may also elect, at any time after
the separation time and before the acquiring person becomes the
beneficial owner of 50% of the Spieker common stock, to exchange
each outstanding right for one share of Spieker common stock or
one one-hundredth of a share of Spieker participating preferred
stock.
The Spieker board of directors may, at its option, at any
time before the separation time, redeem all of the outstanding
rights at a price of $.01 per right.
Immediately upon the action
of the Spieker board of directors electing to redeem the rights,
without any further action and without any notice, the right to
exercise the rights will terminate and each right will
thereafter represent only the right to receive the redemption
price in cash.




The rights will expire on the earliest of (1) the close of
business on September 30, 2008, (2) the date on which
the rights are redeemed, (3) the date the Spieker board of
directors elects to exchange the rights for Spieker common stock
or Spieker participating preferred stock or (4) the date of
Spieker’s merger into another corporation pursuant to an
agreement entered into before the public announcement that a
person has become an acquiring person.


The exercise price and the number of rights outstanding, or in
some circumstances the securities purchasable upon exercise of
the rights, are subject to adjustment from time to time to
prevent dilution in the event of a stock split or the
distribution of any securities or assets in respect of, instead
of or in exchange for Spieker common stock.


If at any time following the date of the public announcement
that a person has become an acquiring person, either Spieker is
acquired in a merger or other business combination in which it
is not the surviving corporation or 50% or more of
Spieker’s assets, cash flow or earning power is sold or
transferred, then each holder of a right would be entitled to
receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company
having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the
right.


The Spieker shareholder rights plan will terminate immediately
before the merger but will otherwise remain in full force and
effect until such time.


REIT Ownership Limitations

Equity Office.
 
For Equity Office to qualify as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code, no more than 50% in value of
its outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned,
actually or constructively, by five or fewer
“individuals,” which, as defined in the Internal
Revenue Code for this purpose, includes some entities.
In
addition, if Equity Office, or an actual or constructive owner
of 10% or more of the shares of Equity Office, owns, actually or
constructively, 10% or more of a tenant of Equity Office, then
the rent received by Equity Office from that “related party
tenant” will not be qualifying income for purposes of
determining whether Equity Office meets the requirements for
qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code unless
the tenant is a taxable REIT subsidiary and specified
requirements are met.
A REIT’s shares also must be
beneficially owned by 100 or more persons.


As a means of addressing these requirements, Article VII of
the Equity Office declaration of trust provides that, subject to
exceptions, no person may own, or be deemed to own directly
and/or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code, more than 9.9%, in value or number of shares,
whichever is more restrictive, of the issued and outstanding
shares of any class or series of shares.
Under the Equity Office
declaration of trust, the board of trustees may increase the
ownership limit with respect to any class or series of shares.

After giving effect to this increase, however, five beneficial
owners of common shares may not beneficially own in the
aggregate more than 49.5% of the outstanding common shares.
In
addition, the Equity Office board of trustees is required to
waive or modify the ownership limit with respect to one or more
persons who would not be treated as “individuals”
under the Internal Revenue Code if such person submits to the
Equity Office board of trustees specified information that
demonstrates, to the reasonable satisfaction of the board of
trustees, that such ownership would not jeopardize Equity
Office’s status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.

The Equity Office declaration of trust further prohibits any
person from transferring any Equity Office common or preferred
shares if the transfer would result in shares of beneficial
interest of Equity Office being owned by fewer than 100 persons
or otherwise would cause Equity Office not to qualify as a REIT.


If any transfer of shares or any other event would otherwise
result in any person violating the ownership limits, then the
declaration of trust provides that (a) the transfer will be
void and of no force or effect with respect to the prohibited
transferee with respect to that number of shares that exceeds
the ownership limits and (b) the prohibited transferee
would not acquire any right or interest in the shares.
The
shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit instead
would be transferred automatically to a charitable trust, the
beneficiary of which would be a qualified charitable
organization selected by Equity Office.




The trustee of the charitable trust would be required to sell
the shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit to a
person or entity who could own the shares without violating the
ownership limit, and to distribute to the prohibited transferee
an amount equal to the lesser of the price paid by such person
for the shares transferred in violation of the ownership limit
or the sales proceeds received by the charitable trust for the
shares.
In the case of a transfer for no consideration, such as
a gift, the charitable trustee would be required to sell the
shares to a qualified person or entity and distribute to the
prohibited transferee an amount equal to the lesser of the fair
market value of the shares as of the date of the prohibited
transfer or the sales proceeds received by the charitable trust.


Under its declaration of trust, Equity Office, or its designee,
would have the right to purchase the shares from the charitable
trust at a price per share equal to the lesser of (a) the
price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer
of the shares to the charitable trust, or, in the case of a
devise or gift, the market price at the time of such devise or
gift, and (b) the market price of such shares on the date
Equity Office, or its designee, were to agree to purchase the
shares.
Any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares in
excess of the amount distributed to the prohibited transferee
under these provisions would be distributed to the beneficiary
of the charitable trust.


The charitable trustee will have the sole right to vote the
shares that it holds, and any distributions paid on shares held
by the charitable trustee would be paid to the beneficiary of
the charitable trust.


If the transfer to the charitable trust of the shares that were
transferred in violation of the ownership limit is not
automatically effective for any reason, then the transfer that
resulted in the violation of the ownership limit would be void.


All persons or entities who own, directly or by virtue of the
attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than
5%, or such other percentage between  1/2 of 1% and 5% as
provided in applicable rules and regulations under the Internal
Revenue Code, of the lesser of the number or value of the
outstanding Equity Office shares must give a written notice to
Equity Office by January 30 of each year stating the name
and address of such owner, the number of Equity Office shares
owned and a description of the manner in which such Equity
Office shares are held.
In addition, a holder of record of
Equity Office shares subject to the foregoing requirement who
holds its Equity Office shares as nominee for another person or
entity which is required to include in gross income the
dividends received on such shares must also give notice of the
name and address of such person or entity and the number of
Equity Office shares of such person or entity with respect to
which such holder of record is nominee.
In addition, each
record, beneficial and constructive holder of Equity Office
shares is required, upon demand of Equity Office, to disclose to
Equity Office in writing any information with respect to the
direct, indirect and constructive ownership of Equity Office
shares as the Equity Office board of trustees deems necessary to
comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
applicable to REITs, to comply with the requirements of any
taxing authority or governmental agency or to determine any such
compliance.


The Equity Office declaration of trust contains an additional
limitation on the ownership by non-U.S. persons of Equity Office
common and preferred shares issued by Equity Office in the
future.
This limitation restricts the direct or indirect
acquisition or ownership of Equity Office shares if, as a result
of the acquisition or ownership, non-U.S. persons would own
directly or indirectly 43% or more of the fair market value of
the issued and outstanding Equity Office shares.
If any
transfers of Equity Office shares occur that would result in
non-U.S. persons owning directly or indirectly 43% or more of
the fair market value of the issued and outstanding Equity
Office shares as described above, then the number of shares that
would cause a non-U.S. person to violate this restriction are
automatically transferred to a charitable trust, or if transfer
to a charitable trust would not be effective to prevent
violation of this restriction, then the transfer of shares will
be void.


As part of the merger, the Equity Office declaration of trust
will be amended to allow for the board to exempt one or more
series of preferred stock issued in connection with a business
combination from these ownership limitations and restrictions on
transfer under specified circumstances.
See “The Merger
Agreement — Amendments to Equity Office’s
Declaration of Trust as Part of the Merger” beginning on
page 71.




The foregoing restrictions on ownership and transferability
would not apply if the Equity Office board of trustees were to
determine that it is no longer in the best interests of Equity
Office to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a
REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.


For a description of the ownership limitations and transfer
restrictions that will apply to the Equity Office series E,
F, G and H preferred shares, see “Description of
Equity Office Shares of Beneficial Interest — REIT
Ownership Limitations and Transfer Restrictions Applicable to
Equity Office Series E, F, G and H Preferred
Shares” beginning on page 89.


Spieker.
 
To enable Spieker to continue to qualify as a
REIT, Spieker’s charter restricts the ownership of shares
of common stock and preferred stock.
Spieker’s charter
provides that, subject to exceptions specified in the charter,
no stockholder may own more than 9.9% of the value of the
outstanding common stock and preferred stock.
Spieker’s
board may waive this ownership limit in some limited situations
if the Board receives a ruling of the Internal Revenue Service
or an opinion of counsel to the effect that such ownership will
not jeopardize Spieker’s status as a REIT for federal
income tax purposes.
As a condition to such waiver, the board
may require representations and undertakings from the applicant
with respect to preserving the REIT status of Spieker.
The
ownership limit will not apply if the board and the stockholders
of Spieker determine that it is no longer in the best interests
of Spieker to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as
a REIT.
If the issuance or transfer of shares of common stock or
preferred stock to any person would cause such person to exceed
the ownership limit (unless a waiver of the board has been
obtained) would cause Spieker to be beneficially owned by fewer
than 100 persons or cause Spieker to become “closely
held” under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue
Code, such issuance or transfer shall be null and void and the
intended transferee will acquire no rights to such shares.


Spieker’s charter also provides that shares involved in a
transfer or change in capital structure that results in a person
owning in excess of the ownership limit, unless a waiver of the
board has been obtained, or would cause Spieker to become
“closely held” within the meaning of
Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code will
automatically be exchanged for excess stock.
All excess stock
will be transferred, without action by the stockholder, to
Spieker as trustee of a trust for the exclusive benefit of the
transferee or transferees to whom the excess stock is ultimately
transferred.
While the excess stock is held in trust, it will
not be entitled to vote, it will not be considered for purposes
of any stockholder vote or the determination of a quorum for
such vote and it will not be entitled to participate in any
distributions made by Spieker, except upon liquidation.
Spieker
would have the right, for a period of 90 days during the
time the excess stock is held by Spieker in trust, to purchase
all or any portion of the excess stock from the intended
transferee at the lesser of the price paid for the stock by the
intended transferee and the closing market price for the stock
on the date Spieker exercises its option to purchase.


The ownership limit provision in Spieker’s charter will not
be automatically removed even if the REIT provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code are changed so as to no longer contain any
ownership concentration limitation or if the ownership
concentration limitation is increased.
Except as otherwise
described above, any change in the ownership limit would require
an amendment to the charter.
An amendment to the charter
increasing the ownership limit requires the affirmative vote of
holders owning a majority of the total number of shares of all
classes of stock outstanding and entitled to vote on the
amendment.


All certificates representing shares of common stock and
preferred stock bear a legend referring to the restrictions
described above.


All persons who own of record, more than 5% of the outstanding
common stock and preferred stock (or 1% if there are more than
200 but fewer than 2,000 shareholders or on-half of 1% if there
are 200 or less shareholders of record) must file an affidavit
with Spieker containing the information specified in
Spieker’s charter within 30 days after January 1
of each year.
In addition, each shareholder will upon demand be
required to disclose to Spieker in writing such information with
respect to the direct, indirect and constructive ownership of
shares as the Spieker board deems necessary to determine
Spieker’s status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with
the ownership limit.




LEGAL MATTERS


The validity of the Equity Office common and preferred shares
offered by this joint proxy statement/ prospectus will be passed
upon for Equity Office by Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.,
Washington, D.C. and New York, New York.


The qualification of the merger as a reorganization under
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the
qualification of Equity Office as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes will be passed upon for Equity Office by Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P., Washington, D.C. and New York, New York.


The qualification of the merger as a reorganization under
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code will be passed
upon for Spieker by Sullivan & Cromwell, New York, New York.

The qualification of Spieker as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes will be passed upon by Morrison & Foerster LLP, San
Francisco, California, special tax counsel for Spieker.


EXPERTS

Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the
Equity Office consolidated financial statements and schedule
included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000, as set forth in their report,
which is incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement.
The Equity Office financial statements and schedule
are incorporated by reference in reliance on Ernst & Young
LLP’s report, given on their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.


The financial statements and schedule of Spieker incorporated by
reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement to the extent and for the periods indicated in their
report have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent
public accountants, as indicated in their report with respect
thereto, and are included herein in reliance upon the authority
of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing in giving
said report.


SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

Shareholder proposals intended to be presented at the 2001
annual meeting of Equity Office shareholders must have been
received by the Secretary of Equity Office no later than
December 1, 2000, to be considered for inclusion in its
proxy statement relating to the 2001 meeting.


To be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement relating
to the Equity Office 2001 meeting, shareholder proposals
submitted outside the Rule 14a-8 processes must have been
received by the Secretary of Equity Office no later than
March 6, 2001 to be presented at the 2001 annual meeting of
shareholders, and discretionary authority may be used if
untimely submitted.


Due to the proposed merger, Spieker does not currently expect to
hold a 2001 annual meeting of stockholders because Spieker will
be merged with and into Equity Office and it will cease to exist
as a separate legal entity.
If the merger is not completed and
an annual meeting is held, to be eligible for inclusion in
Spieker’s proxy statement and form of proxy relating to
that meeting, proposals of stockholders intended to be presented
at the meeting must be received by Spieker within a reasonable
period of time after Spieker announces publicly the date of the
meeting and before Spieker mails its proxy statement to
stockholders in connection with the meeting.


OTHER MATTERS

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/ prospectus,
neither the board of trustees of Equity Office nor the board of
directors of Spieker knows of any matters that will be presented
for consideration at either special meeting other than those
described in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.
If any
other matters properly come before either of the special
meetings or any adjournments or postponements of either of the
special meetings, and are voted upon, the enclosed proxies will
confer discretionary authority



on the individuals named as proxies to vote the shares
represented by those proxies as to any other matters.
Those
individuals named in the Equity Office proxies intend to vote or
not vote consistent with the recommendation of the management of
Equity Office.
Those individuals named as proxies in the Spieker
proxies intend to vote or not vote consistent with the
recommendation of the management of Spieker.


WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Equity Office has filed with the SEC a registration statement on
Form S-4 of which this joint proxy statement/ prospectus
forms a part.
The registration statement registers the
distribution to Spieker common stockholders of the Equity Office
common shares to be issued in connection with the merger.
The
registration statement, including the attached exhibits and
schedules, contains additional relevant information about Equity
Office common shares.
The rules and regulations of the SEC allow
us to omit specified information included in the registration
statement from this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.
In
addition, Equity Office and Spieker file reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
You may read and copy any of
this information at the following locations of the SEC:

	Public Reference Room

	450 Fifth Street, N.W.

	Room 1024

	Washington, D.C. 20549

	New York Regional Office

	7 World Trade Center

	Suite 1300

	New York, NY 10048

	Chicago Regional Office

	Citicorp Center

	500 West Madison Street

	Suite 1400

	Chicago, IL 60661-2511

You may obtain information on the operation of the SEC’s
Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.


The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains
reports, proxy statements and other information regarding
issuers, including Equity Office and Spieker, who file
electronically with the SEC.
The address of that site is
http://www.sec.gov.
Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Equity Office and Spieker may also be
inspected at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, which
are located at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.

